Saiyan in Mahora





		Story: Saiyan in Mahora

		Storylink: https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6771508/1/

		Category:

		Genre: Adventure/Humor

		Author: kenskywalk19

		Authorlink: https://www.fanfiction.net/u/2566240/

		Last updated: 04/18/2013

		Words: 676208

		Rating: T

		Status: In Progress

		Content: Chapter 1 to 59 of 59 chapters

		Source: FanFiction.net



		Summary: After battling with the forces of evil, Gohan has been forced to transfer to Mahora Academy. Once he is there, Gohan finds out that he is not a student but rather an assistant teacher to one Negi Springfield. What will Gohan do? Gohanxharem





*Chapter 1*: Prelude to Adventure!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. Dragon ball belongs to Akira Toriyama and Negima! Magister Negi Magi belongs to Ken Akamatsu.

Author's note: Hey everybody this is the opening chapter of a series that I am doing. Hope you like it.



* * *



Saiyan in Mahora

Period 1: Prelude to Adventure! Son Gohan Returns!

Gohan grumbled in complete and utter misery. Why? Why do super hero's always get the short end of the stick? He asked himself repeatedly. He'd missed so many days of school fighting crime and saving the world, that he'd been transferred into a different school! And his mother had agreed to it! Now he would have to get used to going to a new school all over again, make friends all over again, and get used to fighting crime in a new city! To top it all off, Videl thinks this was all his idea, and now she isn't speaking to him! Could life get any worse?

"It's not fair!" He yelled off the top of his lungs. He lay back onto his Nimbus cloud gloomily which was currently speeding toward the city he would be going to school at. Looking down, he could see the city was only a few miles away now. At Nimbus speed, the trip was six hours. Who knew how much longer it would have taken by car, train or even by boat. It's not all that bad, he said to himself. His mother allowed him to get temporary residence in the city. So he got to be away from his nagging mother, insisting that he study and work his life away as a scholar.

He sighed heavily as the cloud began to descend towards his new city home. Feeling too gloomy to think straight, he hopped off his cloud a hundred feet from the ground and landed on in the street as soft as a feather. He noticed the disbelieving looks of the people walking past him. All they saw was what looked like a leap off a twenty- story building to a soft feet first landing on the ground! He bid them all a good morning and began jogging quickly to the school so as to avoid being stared at. Heh! Forgot where I was! Gohan said to himself while rubbing the back of his neck as he walked.

While walking, he pulled out a piece of paper that had the directions written for the apartment. "Well, I got to make the most of this situation. I wonder what the new school will be like?" he muttered to himself as he had arrived to his destination. "Well, this is the place, but…there is nothing here!" It was true. It was just an empty lot! How could this have happened? Did his mom pay for the wrong thing? "Great, where am I supposed to stay now?" he asked himself. "Well, no point of getting down. I guess I should check out this new school." Gohan flipped the other side of the sheet for the directions on the school called Mahora Academy.

As he walked through the town, he noticed the different shops and stores that the city had to offer. "This place isn't bad," he muttered as he took in his surroundings. He then made his way to where the address was located, with a little help from the crowd, giving him some directions of course. He finally got to where he needed to be and when he arrived he stood before a three to four stories tall building all the way on top of the stairs. Gohan looked amazed not at the size the building, but the fact he had to climb all those stairs. Well, it shouldn't be a problem for the demi-saiyan who saved the world a couple of times.

He turned his head around to make sure no one was looking. After the all clear, he dashed up the stairs quickly and in super speed. He didn't even break a sweat. He smiled and went running towards the building, but little did he know that someone, very small, furry and white was watching Son Gohan the whole time.

Inside the building, Gohan wandered around aimlessly, a bit lost till he found an office filled with adults working at a desk or going table to table with papers in hand.

"Can I help you with something?" Someone spoke out to him. Gohan looked and turned his attention towards a tall man with slick dark brown hair, combed back with some strains sticking out and brown eyes; dress in a suit with his jacket undone with a cigarette in hand.

"Yeah, I'm looking for a person under the name of Takahata Takamichi?" said Gohan, handing him the piece of paper. "I was told to meet him here."

"That's me," said the man called Takahata. The man gracefully took the paper, unfolded it and started to read it. He looked at the boy and asked, "Are you by any chance Son Gohan?" The demi-saiyan nodded. "Good. We've been expecting you. Right this way," he said, leading the way. Gohan looked a little dumbfounded before following the man. How did they know that I was coming?

They continued walking through the hallways and then found themselves facing the big double doors as Takahata knocked politely. "Excuse me, headmaster?"

Inside, there was a man looking out a window and sighing. He had an oddly shaped head, with a long goatee and ponytail; he also had very large brows that would put some manga characters to shame. He wore Japanese priest robes and he was having troubles lately with one of the students in his school. However, he would have to deal with them later as he heard the knocking from outside the door. He then heard Takahata's voice. "Come in."

The doors were open and the headmaster, Konoe Konoemon was introduced to the young demi-saiyan Son Gohan. "Welcome Son Gohan. My name is Konoe Konoemon, the headmaster of Mahora Academy. It's a pleasure in finally meeting you," spoke the old man as he walked up to Gohan.

"Thank you Konoe-san," said Gohan, bowing politely. "This academy is huge. I can't wait to start studying here!"

The headmaster titled his head to the side a bit in confusion. "Study? What do you mean Gohan?"

"Well, didn't you transfer me here to study at your academy? That's what it said in the sheet of paper that the academy sent me to my house."

"Ohohoho," laughed the headmaster. "You must be mistaken. This is an all-girls school. You are here to teach."

Gohan blinked for a few seconds and then he yelled, "WHAT?" Mom is so going to kill me when she finds out! "B-but how can I be a teacher when I am not qualified yet?"

"Well, actually, you're going to be an assistant teacher to a new teacher that recently came here to teach at this academy. He is pretty young for his age, in fact he is only 10 years old. He will need all the help that he can get."

"But what about my studies?"

"Oh don't worry about Gohan. With your study skills, I am sure that you wouldn't need to go to school anymore," said the headmaster with a smile.

Gohan looked at the headmaster intently. He wasn't buying this. Why would they need a 17 year old boy, who still needed to go to high school, to help out with a teacher in another school? It didn't make sense, especially with the weird ki signatures that he had been picking up ever since he got here. "Okay, what's the deal here?" he said sternly. "What is this really about?"

The headmaster's smiled turned into a serious one. This boy is good. "You caught on pretty quickly Gohan-kun. I am impressed and I'm sure you are curious to what those ki signatures are ever since you arrived, correct?"

Gohan flinched. "What are you talking about?"

"You don't have to hide it Gohan-kun," said the headmaster as he started to pour some tea in his cup. "I know about your abilities. Why do you think that I brought you here?" Gohan was silent in his response. He wasn't sure how to respond without revealing too much. "Tell me Gohan-kun, what kind of ki signature can you sense from me?"

Gohan looked at the old man as he closed his eyes in concentration. "It's weird. You're ki is unlike anything that I have felt before. It feels similar to Baba in a way. I'm not sure how to explain it."

"Well, then let me explain Gohan-kun. But before that, would like some tea?" asked the headmaster. Gohan nodded as he walked to the headmaster's desk and picked up a cup of tea. He sat down on one of the chairs in front of the desk and started to sip some. "Let me begin. I am a Magi or some would like to call a wizard. I practice the arts of magic."

"Magic?" said Gohan. "I'm pretty sure magic doesn't exist…that's not possible. There's no such thing as magic-"

"Actually there is Gohan-kun," the headmaster interrupted, "There are lots of people who are able to use magic through "wands", wooden sticks that amplified their abilities. They walk and live in our world without revealing themselves out of secrecy, operating with other magic-users. Besides, how can you of all people not believe in levitating something with a wand when you have faced things no one would think are possible?"

Gohan was silent as he thought about everything that ever happened to him. From when his evil uncle Radditz came to Earth and told him about the Saiyans, to when he reached past a Super Saiyan and beat Cell. He couldn't deny that logic. Yeah, he could see how a little thing like magic could exist in the universe when aliens and cyborgs have landed in his life on more than one occasion.

"Okay, so what does this have to do with me then?" asked Gohan.

"I want you to be the assistant teacher to Negi Springfield. Help him teach his class graduate this year, tutor them and so on."

"Ok," responded the demi-saiyan. "What else?"

"I need you to protect this class. Some of them are magically aware and tend to get into trouble. I want you to guard them with your life. You don't need to tell them you are protecting them. You can do it from the shadows, whatever helps you out. I need your word on this Gohan. My granddaughter is in that class and I want her to be safe. Do I have your word Gohan?"

Gohan pondered for a bit as he thought up of his response. He had come here to study and if his mother found out differently, she would beat him with the legendary frying pan of death. But on the other hand, he couldn't turn a blind eye to helping out someone in need. After all, he was a super hero and Goku wouldn't like it if he found out his son didn't help out those in need. He opened his eyes. "Of course, I will protect the class with all I have," Gohan stated with his serious face. All was silent for a good couple seconds, until Gohan's stomach grumbled. Scratching the back of his head sheepishly he said "Sorry about that. I haven't had anything to eat since I arrived. Is there any good places to eat around here?"

Konoemon was laughing at the boy's antics, serious one moment, cheerful the next. "Sure thing Gohan-kun. Here is a map on where all the restaurants are located. May I make a recommendation?" Gohan nodded. "Choose this one. I hear that they are serving up a buffet at this hour."

"Sure thing Konoe-san," Gohan said running out of the room. Only to come back in a few seconds later scratching his cheek rather embarrassed. "I kind of need money and a place to stay?"

The headmaster smiled and chuckled a bit, "No worries Gohan-kun. You can stay at the hotel that is on the other side of the island." Gohan chuckled nervously as he rubbed the back of his neck, wondering what was so funny.



* * *



Later that day

After eating out the entire buffet of the restaurant that the headmaster had recommended, Gohan came out with a satisfied look on his face. "Man that was good. I am glad that the headmaster recommended that place or I would have to pay a huge bill," he said to himself out loud. As Gohan began to walk around the district, he noticed how the place looked very gloomy at night. Then he caught sight of a person wearing a mask. Very suspicious.

Gohan smiled as he looked around him to see if anyone was near. He then teleported to one of the rooftops in the district and slid his sleeve to show a watch. He pressed the button on it to get encase in his Great Saiyaman costume. "Alright! It's good to be back in these clothes again," said Gohan as he practice his cool poses before heading out and saving the city.

Kakizaki Misa, student number 7 of class 3-A, was walking home alone at night, her purple hair fluttering in the wind. She had on a green tube top and a white skirt. Her feet had on some sneakers. She and her boyfriend were having fun at karaoke, when his dad called saying that she had to come home because of some emergency. He had offered her a ride but she declined saying that she can take care of herself, and that she should hurry home.

"I wish I had accepted that ride now," Misa said. "My feet are killing me." She continued walking the dim streets of the academy navigating her way back home, when she heard a noise behind her. Turning to around to see nothing, she decided to pick up her pace. A few steps later she heard footsteps following behind her. Once again she turned around to see nothing.

Misa then decided to run as fast as she can back to her dorm. After a couple of feet running she heard a crash behind her. She turned around to see a cat down an alleyway had knocked over a trash can. "Kitty, you scared me there," she said letting out a sigh of relief. She started to turn when she felt two hands grab her and drag her into an alley.

A burly man had grabbed pushed her into the wall of the alley, a gun at her throat. "Give me all your money!" he demanded.

"I-I-I don't have any!" Misa replied. "I used it all!"

"Don't lie to me!"

"P-please, let me g-go!" she pleaded, tears coming from her eyes. The man growled. He then eyed her up and down.

"You know for a middle school student you have a fine body. Maybe I should just take that instead," the man gave a dark chuckle. Misa's eyes widened and she started to struggle. The man pushed the knife to her throat drawing some blood to make his point. She stopped struggling but her eyes were watering. "Good now, let's see what's under this shirt of -ACKK!"

Misa felt the pressure around her neck go, and she fell to the floor. The man was holding his chest and on his knees. She then saw two feet in front of her. They were clad in white boots. She looked at the figure and saw a man doing a heroic pose dressed in a green tunic with a black undergarment. He also was wearing a turban with…sunglasses? What the hell? "Don't worry citizen, your hero has arrived," said the man. Misa blushed a bit and couldn't help but feel that everything was going to be alright as she watched the man walk up to the robber.

"What the hell man! You are going to pay for that!" the robber shouted. He charged the figure with his knife, only for it to grab his wrist with his left, and knock out the knife. "Screw this!" He pulled out his gun and started to shoot at the figure. Misa ducked for cover from the gunfire. She expected to hear a thud from a body falling but instead she heard a crunching sound. She turned around to see a ball of crushed bullets fall to the ground. What the? How did he do that?

The robber fell on his butt, shaking in fear. "Wh-who the hell are you?"

The figure smiled as he spoke, "I am…" The figure started to do a series of poses that he thought were cool as he spoke in a hero accent, "The new hero in town – the champion of justice!" He finished his poses by putting his hands in front of him like in a V shape. "I am the Great Saiyaman!" That was awesome! Gohan said to himself.

Silent was the alley. The robber was turning blue and started to laugh loudly. "HAHAHAHAHA! That's so lame, it goes with the lame outfit though!" Misa wanted to laugh but decided not to when she saw the man blush and clenching his fists. Sensitive isn't he? She said to herself, sweat dropping a bit.

The Great Saiyaman didn't think that his name was lame as he clenched his teeth in anger. "This is no joke!" he yelled as he pounded the floor in anger, causing a huge crack and wide-eyed shocks from the witnesses. "I worked very hard on that name!"

The robber couldn't help but tremble in fear and accidentally pee his pants. "A-actually, now that I think about it, it's a cool name…" I am so going to die! "I promise I won't hurt any other soul," he said as he ran away as fast he could from the Great Saiyaman.

The Great Saiyaman stood with a heroic pose and smiled. "Another day in the life of a hero." He turned around and saw the girl looking up at him with glinting eyes. "Shouldn't you be going?" he asked.

"I-I just wanted to thank you for saving me," she said bashfully, blushing as she spoke.

"You're welcome law-abiding citizen. Remember guns are bad. You shouldn't walk alone at night so next time be careful." She nodded then ran off thinking how she would tell all her classmates what occurred. The Great Saiyaman smiled and jumped into the air, onwards to the hotel.



* * *



The next day

BEEEP! BEEEP! BEEEP!

The alarm clock sounded as Gohan turned to his side and pushed the snooze button on it. He got up and let out a loud yawn. He then put on his Son grin as he got out of the bed and changed into a suit that he bought yesterday. He then looked at the time and flinched. "Dammit! I am going to be late!" He grabbed his suitcase and went off running. As soon as he ran a few miles away from the hotel, Gohan looked around to see if anyone was around. Once he saw that he was alone, he took off in the air and went speeding to where he went down yesterday.

As soon as he got to the district, Gohan slowly went down and landed softly without drawing suspicion. Gohan then ran towards the train as he barely managed to get a ticket for this train. The suit he was wearing made it harder for him to actually run. Sure his all blue clothing and white button up shirt underneath looked fashionably, and hey the nice dress shoes were too, but he didn't like it. It didn't give him enough mobility to do what he needed. Now I see why Dad doesn't like to wear suits.

He then saw the doors starting to close. "Hold the door!" he shouted. Gohan saw a hand hold it and he skidded in. "Thanks for holding the door. If you hadn't, I'd be late for my job on the first day," he said to the person.

"It was no problem," a female voice said. He looked up to see a brunette girl a few inches shorter than her. She was in the Mahora Middle School uniform. Her chestnut eyes shone while she gave him a comforting smile. She gave off an aura of friendship and kindness, just like Goku.

Gohan returned the smile with his own Son grin. This caused the girl to blush and look away. "My name is Son Gohan. Thank you again," he said while bowing politely.

"It's nice to meet you, Son-san," the girl replied. "My name is Konoe Konoka."

"Konoe? You don't happen to be related to the headmaster of the school by any chance?"

Konoka nodded. "Yes he is my grandfather…"

"Hey Konoka!" another female voice interrupted. Both Gohan and Konoka looked at the source of the voice. It was a female in the same school uniform as Konoka, except it was larger in order to fit her frame. She had orange hair put into two pony tails, held together by bells. What caught Gohan's attention were her eyes. They were heterochromatic: her left eye was a dark blue while her right was an aquamarine. Next to her was a short red haired boy. He had glasses on his face, and wore a green suit. On his back was an odd stick. The orange haired girl finally took notice of Gohan standing next to Konoka. "Hey what are you doing?" the girl asked angrily.

"I was just thanking Konoka-san here for holding the door," Gohan replied still smiling. "Isn't that right Konoka-san?"

"Hai," nodded Konoka. "Gohan-san here was going to be late for his first day for his job and asked for someone to hold the door," Konoka explained.

"That was quite nice of you Konoka-san," the red headed boy said.

"Thank you Negi-sensei," she replied smiling.

"You're Negi Springfield?" Gohan asked pointing at the boy.

"Why yes, yes I am," Negi said.

"Nice to meet you. My name is Son Gohan, and I have applied to work at Mahora and will be helping teachers there starting today," Gohan offered extending his hand to the boy. Negi gladly accepted it and shook it. Gohan heard the orange girl scoff at the scene. "May I help you?"

"You expect us to believe that you are going to teach at the school? You're like what 16?" the girl known as Asuna said.

"I'm 17," Gohan said. "Besides the kid right here is younger than me and teaches. You don't seem to have a problem with that."

Gohan then got smacked on the head with a fist. He ignored the hit but to act normal, he pretended to be hurt. "What was that for?"

Asuna was tending to her fist as she glared at the dark haired teenager. "Baka! Of course I have a problem with it! By the way, my name is Asuna! Kagurazaka Asuna! And what is your head made of, lead?"

Gohan was silent in his response as he tried to figure out on how to explain it to her or even to the other two. Luckily though, the train stopped which made him not say anything. But on the other hand, the train had come to an abrupt stop, sending Asuna crashing into him, the proximity to each other made them both blush. Asuna got up and mumbled an apology and Gohan did the same thing with some bowing. His mother had taught him well.

"Well see you later Gohan-san," Konoka said as the doors opened and the people stampeded out.

"Yes, it will be a pleasure working with you Gohan-san," Negi input as he too ran out the doors.

Gohan then looked at Asuna who was glaring at him. "Aren't you going to run off too? You'll be late for class," Gohan said to her. She rolled her eyes and ran off. Gohan shook his head and stepped out. The stampede only grew bigger outside of the train. "You have got to be kidding me," Gohan grumbled as he was pushed down onto the floor. After the stampede was cleared, Gohan got, scratching his back. He then looked at the watch on the street and yelled, "Aw! I am going to be late." He looked around to see if anyone was watching, which no one was. He then got into a sprint and dashed quickly to the academy, more specifically the headmaster's office.

Meanwhile, Konoemon was patiently waiting for his new employee to arrive. He wasn't late yet, but he wanted the boy to be here on time. I wonder where he is right now. He thought. The headmaster heard a whizzing noise go through the air and thunk on his door. He examined the door and then suddenly felt a big breeze come in. He turned around to see Gohan stopping himself.

"Phew! I made it," said the demi-saiyan. "I hope I wasn't interrupting anything."

"Don't worry Gohan-kun it's alright," Konoemon said. He entwined his fingers together and rested his chin on it. "You know what to the job requires you to do right?" Gohan nodded. "Good. Shizuna please ask Negi to come to the office please."



* * *



At the same time

"I can't believe the headmaster let an idiot like that be a teacher at this school!" Asuna whined as she, Negi and Konoka walked into the building.

"He's not that bad Asuna," Konoka said. "He was just trying to make conversation with us."

"I agree with Konoka-san, Asuna-san," Negi replied.

"Negi, not you too!"

Negi quickly sprung into action as he tried to change the subject or be subjugated to Asuna's punishments. "Hey I have to the teacher's lounge to see if I have mail. See you in class girls."

"Bye Negi!" Konoka said.

"See you later," Asuna mumbled as she and Konoka entered the classroom. The class of 3-A was never a normal class, with all of their odd quirky students in it, so it came with no surprise to both of the girls to see all of their classmates huddled around one desk. Asuna and Konoka put their stuff in their seats and went to the crowd. "What's happening here?"

"You mean you didn't hear?" Saotome Haruna asked. This girl had on glasses and long hair like Konoka, but it was a lighter shade and had two antennae like hairs sticking out of her head.

"'Hear what?"

"Misa was attacked last night on her way home after her date."

"My goodness, nothing bad happened to her right?" Konoka asked concerned.

"I'm alright, thanks for asking," Kakizaki Misa replied. "I managed to get away from the man, but he was really scary. He even threatened me with a knife and a gun."

"How did you manage to get away?" asked a buxom red head, with her head in a ponytail. This girl was Asakura Kazumi, 3-A's very own budding reporter.

"I escaped with some help. Though the guy that helped me was odd…" Misa said getting into a thinking pose.

"Why do you say that?"

"He just came out of know where, and I think he kicked the guy in the chest or something. He wore this strange green outfit with a turban on his head and he wore sunglasses. He told me to stay back."

"So it was a he that helped you? Are you sure it wasn't some she who can change her voice? " Asakura asked again. Misa glared at her, making her put her arms up in defense. "Sorry, sorry please continue."

"As I was saying, he told me to stay back. I then saw the robber attack him, but he just easily stopped the attack and then the robber took out a gun. He started to shoot the man. I ducked for cover and thought that the man was going to die. Instead, he was unharmed and had the bullets all crumbled up in a ball. The robber shook in fear and ran away. I thanked him and then he was gone."

"That didn't sound weird at all, except for him appearing out of nowhere and his outfit," Asuna said getting into the conversation.

"That wasn't what made it weird," Misa defended herself. "What was weird was his name and the fact that he flew. He said his name was the Great Tireman or something like that. Maybe it was Great Saiyaman?"

"Don't tell me you fell for the hero thing. You have a boyfriend Misa," Asakura reprimanded her.

"NO! I didn't fall for him like that. It's just that I heard that name from somewhere before," Misa concluded.

"So you are telling me that we have vigilante out there on our campus, who can easily knock people out, and catch bullets?" Asakura concluded. Misa nodded. Asakura replied by laughing out loud. "You really expect me to believe that? I mean what kind of person can do that, a magician? You know magic isn't real."

Asuna was sweating bullets as soon as she heard the last part of the conversation. She was one of the very few who knew of magic actually existing in her. The other's she knew about were Evangeline and Chachamaru, because one was a vampire and the other her servant. She tuned out the rest of their conversation as she thought of who the hell did that.

Her train of thought was broken when the door slid open. All conversation stopped as the teacher, and Negi stepped in. Miyazaki Nodoka led all of the class to greet Negi. After their greetings everyone sat down and Negi spoke up. "Everyone! Next week, class 3-A is going on a school trip to Kyoto and Nara. Is everyone prepared?" A collective "Yeah!" was the answer. As everyone was talking amongst themselves about it there was a knock on the door.

"Negi-sensei, the principal is calling you!" Shizuna said.

"Ah, okay"



* * *



A few minutes later

"So the school trip will proceed as planned. I'm counting on you, Negi-kun."

"Yes sir!" Negi replied. He just heard that he had a mission to do in Kyoto. He had to settle a dispute between the Kansai and Kyoto magic associations. Even with this, Negi will still have a chance to look for info for his father. He was about to leave, when the headmaster called out to him.

"Oh Negi before you leave, I forgot to mention we are sending you with some back up." the headmaster called out.

"Back up?"

"Yes he will be helping you out during your trip, as well as the rest of your career here."

"When do I get to meet this person?" Negi asked.

"Right now, he was in the room listening. Let me introduce you to your new helper and assistant…" Konoemon hesitated. A dark haired figure appeared and stood in front of Negi. Onyx eyes met red ones. "Son Gohan."

"Gohan-san!" Negi shouted surprised.

"It's good to see you Negi-san," Gohan said as he bowed politely to Negi. "Please take care of me."

"Of course."

"Now I am sure that Gohan-kun would like to meet your class right now, correct?" asked the headmaster.

Gohan nodded. "I hope you wouldn't mind Negi-san."

"Of course Gohan-san," replied Negi happily. "Follow me please." The duo then left the room, leaving a chuckling headmaster.

"So Gohan, are you a mage?" Negi asked as he and Gohan walked the hallways.

"No I am not," Gohan answered. This got a surprised look from Negi. "What are you then?"

Gohan was silent. He wasn't sure how to answer that question. He didn't want to reveal too much information to the kid. However, trust is a two-way street. "I'm not sure how to explain it but I guess you could call me a martial artist."

"Oh ok Gohan," Negi said.

"He is lying!" Gohan looked around the hallway to find the voice. He then noticed a small bundle in front of Negi's suit move around. Out came out a head of a white…ferret?

"I didn't know you kept a pet ferret Negi-san," Gohan commented.

"I'm not a ferret! I'm an ermine, get it right!" the white ermine called.

"Cool, I am sure that Goten would love you," said Gohan as he patted the ermine. Gohan saw a tick mark appear on the ermine's head as the ermine brushed Gohan's hand aside.

"This guy is lying nii-san!" yelled the ermine.

"Why Chamo?" asked Negi. "How is Gohan-san lying?"

"This guy is definitely a mage!"

"What makes you say that?"

"Because he climbed the 'steps' in front of the academy at super speed and treated it like it was nothing!" Gohan flinched as soon as he heard that last part. Dammit, Gohan cursed himself.

"Is that true Gohan-san?" asked Negi with a disbelieved face. Gohan was unsure how to respond to this. It was like Satan City all over again.

"Well, I'm just a really…very athletic guy," said Gohan nervously, hoping they would buy that excuse. Negi and Chamo looked at each other for a while.

"Ok I'll accept that," Negi responded with a smile. Chamo was unsure, the guy looked suspicious.

"I'll take it for now. But later you will have to tell us who you really are. The name's Albert Chamomile by the way," the ermine said with a cigar in his mouth. "But call me Chamo."

"Nice to meet ya, name's Son Gohan," replied the demi-saiyan.

"Gohan-san, who is this Goten that you mentioned before?" asked Negi.

"He is my little brother and I think he is about your age," responded Gohan. "I hope you get to meet him. He will definitely like you."

Negi blushed at the compliment. "Thanks Gohan-san."



* * *



While Gohan and Negi were walking back to the classroom

"Did you girls hear?" Asakura asked her classmates. "We're getting an assistant teacher for our class."

"When did you hear that de gozaru?" asked a tall lightly tanned girl. She had olive green hair and her eyes seemed like they were closed.

"I heard it yesterday, Kaede. He was supposed to be here yesterday too, but he got caught up with the headmaster about some business."

Asuna decided to tune out the rest of the conversation of the girls, trying to sleep in the class. Negi had given them free time since he didn't want to stress them this week so he was going light on the work. This gave the girls time to chat up like the girls in some parts of the room, or just mind themselves like others. She looked up to see Miyazaki Nodoka, a shy purple haired girl, being pressured by her two friends Ayase Yue and Saotome Haruna into asking Negi out.

She let her thoughts drift again, but they kept going back to the dark haired teacher. She was wondering if she was crazy since she had a dream about him and her doing rather intimatethings together. She became flustered and shook her head.

"Asuna!"

"What!" she snapped. She then saw the rest of the class looking at her. She looked away embarrassed. "What do you want Asakura?"

"What do you think the new assistant will be like?"

"A dark haired idiot…" Asuna mumbled.

"You think so?" Asakura asked. She didn't get an answer as she saw Asuna's eyes go out the window again. The reporter sighed at the girl's expression. She needed more info on this guy.

All commotion stopped as there was a knock on the door. Takahata-sensei then entered the room and stood in front of the class. "Hello girls. As you may have heard, you are getting an assistant for your class. He will be helping Negi-sensei for the rest of his career at this school so please take care of him. You can come in now," Takahata finished speaking towards the door as Negi entered first then came Gohan.

The girls looked in anticipation as they saw a boy, no young man walk in. He had dark hair with a couple of bangs in the front. He was wearing a blue suit and a white shirt inside with a blue tie. He got in front of the class and faced the girls. Most of the girls blushed at the person. He had stunning onyx eyes as he stared out at them. His mouth was put with the trademark Son grin. "Hello! My name is Son Gohan, I hope we can get along well," he said while bowing politely to the class.

Gohan noticed that most of the girls had blushes on their faces, some had hearts in their eyes and a very few nosebleeds. After his introduction all hell broke loose. The girls swarmed him and kept asking questions.

"How old are you?"

"Where do you come from?"

"What is your type of girl?"

"Can I get your number?"

While this was happening Gohan was trying his hardest not to get crushed. He didn't know what to do in these kinds of situations since he didn't have much experience with girls growing up. Well, except Videl but that was different. However, that didn't stop his face from blushing red. He was saved when Takahata broke up the group. Gohan was still on the floor greedily taking gasps of air and put his hand on his face to hide the blush. He got up and steadied himself on the table. "Thanks Takahata-sensei," Gohan said.

"No problem," he replied. "If you need me in in the lounge right now kay?" Gohan nodded as Takahata walked out the door.

"Hello Gohan-sensei," a red head said as she put a microphone to Gohan's face. "I'm Asakura Kazumi Class 3-A's very own reporter. Do you mind answering a few questions?"

"Ummm…sure," Gohan answered even though he sweat dropped.

"How old are you?"

"17"

"Where do you come from?"

"Far away, a house in the mountains somewhere up north."

"What's your favorite color?"

"I'm not sure actually."

"What type of girl are you into?"

"Come on Asakura do you think he would answer that kind of question?" Asuna shouted defensively. "He is blushing red for Christ's sake!"

"Kazumi-san can you please stop questioning Gohan-sensei, I think he would like to use this time to get to know the class," Negi said coming next to the teen. "Wouldn't you Gohan-sensei?"

"Yeah that would be nice. Please continue whatever you were doing before I got here, and I'll get to you shortly okay?"

"Hai sensei!" the girls replied as they got back to talking. Gohan then looked to the back to see two chairs empty.

"Hey Negi, who sits back there?"

"That would be Evangeline-san and Chachamaru-san," Negi explained. "They left early to meet up with the headmaster." Gohan nodded.

He then walked up to talk to someone else when he felt something in the air. A ki signature. And it was a strong one. Gohan turned serious as he looked around to see who it belonged too. He finally realized who it belonged to as he turned around only to see Negi almost going to sneeze in front of him. Gohan felt that this sneeze was going to be disastrous. However, he failed to realize how disastrous it was going to be.

Negi then sneezed in the general direction of Gohan. The sneeze was so powerful it ripped off most of Gohan's clothes, leaving him in his teddy bear underwear. All the girls looked at him, resulting with some getting nose bleeds and passing out. The few who didn't either were either glaring at him or taking in his figure. He then glared at the sheepish looking Negi who was stuttering out apologizes. "It's going to be a long year," Gohan muttered.



* * *



Later that day

Gohan sighed out loud as he walked out of the academy. "Man that was a long and it was only the first day." He was wearing his training gi that he luckily brought along. "Now where is this place that the headmaster told me that I could stay at?" He was looking at the sheet of paper that the headmaster gave him directions to his new living quarters.

He had been walking around the district aimlessly trying to find the place. As he looked around, he saw a ball roll down the street with a young middle school girl chasing after it. However, an incoming train was coming at full speed, unable to stop for the girl. Gohan saw this and sprang into action. Without considering the watchful eyes, he dove in front of the train and stopped it with his bare hands. He did all very quickly, without having anyone suspect a thing as the girl continued to chase after the ball. The train conductor had been knocked unconscious. Everyone turned their attention to the scene as everyone went out to help the train conductor and the passengers on board.

Meanwhile, Gohan was on the other side of the street. He let out a sigh, thankful that everything went ok. "Good, no one saw me stop that train."

"So it was you?" Gohan turned his head to see Asuna running towards and carrying him into the forest. "Ok, spill it! Who are you? How were you able to stop that train?"

Gohan blinked a few times in confusion. "I have no idea on what you are talking about Asuna-san."

Asuna then pulled up close to Gohan's face with menance on her face. "I saw you stop that train. Explain!"

Gohan's face was washed with alarm, unsure on how to respond. The whole atmosphere was dead silent with the wind even succeeding. This was truly, truly bad for Son Gohan.



* * *



Author's note: Well I hope you like my opening chapter. I was browsing the site and noticed there were a lot of stories of Naruto acting as Negi's assistant and thought...What about Gohan? So I tried to do something similar to those stories. I was wondering who I should pair Gohan up with? Don't worry about the Asuna part although she is a candidate for a harem even if Gohan doesn't want to. Leave some reviews and let me know if you liked it or not. Peace!





*Chapter 2*: Son Gohan, Hide Your Secret!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. See chapter one for details.

Author's note: After much thinking and seeing how the one-shot was popular, I decided to do a series! Yay! I wanted to thank you guys for giving the motivation to continue this story. You guys are awesome. I wanted to give a shot out to jazzzz and nadoika1992 for beta-reading this chapter. So now I present the second chapter of Saiyan in Mahora!



* * *



Period 2: "Trouble on the Horizon! Son Gohan, Hide Your Secret!"

Somewhere in the mountains, at house near a river, Goku was using a hoe to separate the land for farming. He let out a sigh as he looked at the sky. "Ah, I wish I could train." This was Son Goku, Earth's greatest hero. Normally he would be wearing his orange and blue dogi but today he was in his normal work clothes. He turned his head to Chi-Chi, his wife, and asked, "Hey Chi-Chi? If we got money from Mr. Satan, why're we working like this?"

"Shame on you, Goku-san!" responded his wife, with her usual scowl. "You must learn the value of hard work as humans do."

"Yeah, but meanwhile my skills are getting rusty," said Goku as he walked up to his wife with a pleading face to let him train.

"Come!" responded Chi-Chi as she showed in front of him a seed. "Stop griping and plant this Grateful Radish seed."

Goku looked at her dumbfounded as he saw that the seed itself was smiling. "Grateful Radish?"

"If this germinates, it'll produce a great crop almost instantly!" said Chi-Chi. "Now till the field!"

Goku nodded in agreement and continued to work. "I wonder how Gohan is doing?" he muttered. Goku however, didn't realize that his son was in a new predicament.



* * *



Back at Mahora Academy

The air around them was still and quiet as Gohan faced a new enemy…Asuna! She had seen him stop the train. But how?, he wondered, how was she able to see me? I have to try to change the subject or else she might suspect me. "I have no idea what you are talking about Asuna-san. Where did you come up with that conclusion?"

"Because I saw you go from one end of the sidewalk to the other very quickly," said Asuna sternly. "Are you a mage?"

Gohan blinked a couple of times before he could process what she just said. "A mage? Where did you get that ridiculous idea? You know that magic doesn't exist."

"Stop lying, Gohan-sensei," said Asuna as she folded her arms. Gohan flinched. She was just like Videl before. "I know that you know that Negi is a mage. I'm sure that he has told you that already. Now tell me the truth, who and what are you?"

Gohan sighed. There was no escaping this. "I-I am…a very skilled martial artist."

"Bullshit," Asuna immediately responded. "There is no way that a martial artist could move that fast. Look at Mr. Satan. He is the best martial artist in the world and he doesn't move that fast." Gohan started to chuckle. "What's so funny?"

"Nothing, you sound almost like my friend Videl-san," responded Gohan as he looked up to the sky, remembering the adventures that he had before, especially with Videl. This was becoming more and more like what happened at Satan City. Oh the irony. However, now was not the time to reminisce. He had to get Asuna off his back as quickly as possible. But how? "Well, if you still don't believe me, look up on the previous Tenkaichi Budokai tournaments and look up on Muten Roshi. I sure that can explain a lot of what I can do," said Gohan confidently, hoping Asuna bought that for the moment.

"Okay, I believe you, for now," said Asuna, "but that doesn't mean that I won't have my eye on you. If you hurt Negi in any way, I will hurt you so bad that you won't be able to recognize your face." Her hand clenched, and Gohan saw an ominous aura behind her.

Gohan nodded while sweat-dropping at the same time. She is just like Mom. Then he heard a siren in the distance. He turned his attention towards the direction of the sound and saw some smoke in the distance. Gohan stood up and said with his Son grin, "Well, I better get going. See you later Asuna-san." He disappeared in the distance, leaving behind an entranced Asuna, who was shocked by the display of speed.

"Whoa."



* * *



Meanwhile, in the Mahora district, a strong tan-skinned blond-haired girl named Ku Fei was working with her friends Chao Lingshen and Yotsuba Satsuki at the Chao Bao Zi restaurant. She was sweeping in front of the store without a care in the world, especially with how her grades have been going. Ku Fei let out a sigh. She wanted to get a sparring session in, not work for the restaurant right now. However, her prayers were answered when she looked up at the sky and saw someone flying. This person was wearing a green tunic on top of a black body suit and had white gloves and boots. Plus, the guy was buff with muscles. "He must be a martial artist-aru," she muttered as she put away the broom and followed the flying man.

Gohan had finally arrived at the scene as he had followed the sirens all the way to a burning building. The firefighters were having trouble putting out the fire. Luckily, after dashing away from Asuna, Gohan had changed into the Great Saiyaman, ready to save the day. As he was flying, he spotted a helicopter heading towards the rooftop of the building. "It's hero time."

"Bring her down, Ed," said Takane D. Goodman, a blonde high school student, to the pilot. She was wearing a black dress that had a patch of white on the chest area. She wore thigh high stocks and had a small white cap on her head. "Quick."

"No way," said Ed. "It's way too dangerous! We can't help them if we're dead!"

"We can't just let them die." She spotted a large tank on the roof. "Hey, Ed, check it out! Isn't that a water tank?"

"Yeah, I think so. That'd be my guess."

"Come in, Mei," said Takane into a walkie-talkie. "I see a tank on the roof. Isolate it. I need to know the contents and the amount."

"Content is confirmed to be water, Senpai," said a female voice coming from the walkie-talkie. "Amount is approximately 1,000 gallons."

"Is it enough to put out the fire?"

"Negative Senpai. Plenty of water, but that building's going to be melted before you can get that valve open."

"It might not be enough to put it out, but it will buy us a little time." Takane hopped out of the copter, landing on the roof. She sprinted towards the tank. She grabbed onto the valve release handle, but pulled back. The fire had heated to the point it burned her hands.

"No pain, no gain!" she said, grabbing the handle again and trying to twist. It didn't budge in the slightest. She was going to have to use some of her magic to break open the valve.

Suddenly, the roof underneath cracked open, and the tank began to fall forward. Takane instinctively raised her arms to cover herself. The searing, crushing impact never came. Opening her eyes, she saw someone – the Great Saiyaman - holding the tank up with one hand. "W-who are you?"

"I am the Great Saiyaman, at your service," said the Great Saiyaman, righting the tank effortlessly.

Takane was in awe at the man's strength as well as his build, but now was not the right time to think about that. She shook her head. If he is here, maybe he can help, she said to herself. "There's enough water to put out the fire," she explained hastily, "but the valve can't let it release in time!"

"No worries, I'll handle that," said the superhero, driving his hand through the tank and creating a gaping hole. Water flowed out, flooding down the building, and extinguishing the fire. Takane stood in awe. He punched a hole through the tank!

The Great Saiyaman moved over to the side of the building and saluted the onlookers. "Who is that guy?" screamed a random crowd member.

The Great Saiyaman smiled and started to do his poses, "People of the city! Your new champion of Justice has arrived!" He finished his poses with an arm forward and his index finger out. "I am the Great Saiyaman!" Nailed it.

Everyone was in either awe or sweat dropping at the poses that Saiyaman had done. Then one of the people in the crowd started to clap his hand and yelled, "You rock Saiyaman!" Then the whole crowd got into and started to cheer for their new superhero.

The Great Saiyaman smiled and was about to fly off before he was interrupted by a voice. "Wait!" He stopped in mid-air and turned around to see Takane coming up to him. "Who are you really? Why did you help me out before?"

Saiyaman smiled. "Because, isn't that what a hero is supposed to do." He then continued his flight into the distance. Takane stood in awe, blushing as she watched him fly away, enamored at the sight of such a hero.

"Wow," she said out loud.



* * *



"Alright," Gohan said while flying. "Another job well done by the Great Saiyaman. I need to work on some more cool poses. After all, I can't get stale and repeat the same moves from Satan City." As he continued to ponder what moves he should do, Gohan hadn't realized until he felt a kick in the face that sent him to the rooftop of a building.

Gohan was able to land softly as he looked for his opponent. Damn, he said to himself, I must be getting slow. I wasn't able to pick that up. I gotta train some more. When he moved his head to look his opponent, he was shocked to see that it was Ku Fei who had punched him. "Ku Fei-san?"

"Aru? How do you know my name-aru?" she asked.

Gohan flinched. Oh crap! "I heard about you from a friend of mine. You know him as Son Gohan."

Ku Fei looked at him curiously and with a dumbfounded face asked, "Who is Gohan-aru?" Gohan fell backwards in anime style. "That doesn't matter. I want to spar with you-aru."

"What?" Gohan said. She can't be serious. "I don't think you should be fighting me."

"Don't underestimate the powers of 4000 years of Chinese martial arts-aru!" When she finished her sentence she dashed towards Gohan's position and went with an open palm to the chest which sent him flying across the rooftop. "Aru? I guess he wasn't strong at all aru-ne." She turned around and was about to walk away when she felt something in the air. She looked behind her and saw Great Saiyaman standing up.

"Impressive Ku Fei-san," said Gohan, "but it isn't over yet." He dashed ahead and went for a kick. Ku Fei blocked it, then dropped to the ground, ducking under a second punch. She swept her legs under Gohan, who jumped up to avoid the blow. Gohan then launched a punch at Ku Fei, who rolled out of the way of the blow, dashed and tried to get behind Gohan.

However, Gohan was able to anticipate the punch and blocked it. Both warriors were grinning. This fight was turning out to be very enjoyable for both of them. After exchanging a close blow, they put some distance between each other. "Fantastic fight Great Singing Man-aru!"

"It's Great Saiyaman!" Gohan blushingly exclaimed. "You're not too bad yourself Ku Fei-san. But I have to finish this fight quickly." He launched himself and traded blows with Ku Fei at fast speeds. Both were equally matched. However, in order to stop the fight right now, Gohan decided to increase the speed of his punches and kicks. This caught Ku Fei by surprise as she tried to match the Great Saiyaman's speed until she couldn't anymore.

Ku Fei was sent flying and crashed into a wall but not too hard. Gohan was able to restrain himself when fighting her. "Well, I got to go! Let's fight again Ku Fei-san," said Gohan as he flew away from the rooftop and to somewhere where he can change again.

Ku Fei knocked off the rubble that was on top of her. She had a big grin on her face. "I think I found my true love-aru."



* * *



After a few minutes of flying, Gohan was able to find a spot for him to change back to his regular clothes. Today was a rough day. First classes, then Asuna sees him stop a train, then save a burning building as the Great Saiyaman, and then fighting one of his students, could things get any worse for the demi-saiyan? "Oh crap, I forgot about visiting my new place. I guess I got distracted by everything that I didn't get chance to see my new place."

Gohan then pulled out a sheet of paper that the headmaster had given him earlier about his living arrangements. The directions were laid out for him as he went on to look for the new place.

After a few minutes of walking around and flying a bit here and there, Gohan had finally found the place. It was a large building, grey in color. It looked like a school dorm house. "I hope this is the right place," muttered Gohan as he entered into the building.

Inside, Gohan came across a security guard who was sitting at a desk near the entrance. He walked to the security guard and said, "Good evening, I have a document signed by the headmaster saying that I am going to live here now." He handed the sheet of paper that the headmaster had given to the guard.

The guard skimmed through it and put down the paper. "Finally we get a supervisor for the girl's dorm."

Gohan blinked a couple of times. He pointed to himself with a face of disbelief before he asked, "Wait, supervisor for the girl's dorm?"

The guard smiled. "Of course. After all, according to this paper, you are the new supervisor of the girl's dormitory."

"What?" Gohan exclaimed. "This has to be some kind of mistake, right?"

The guard shook her head. "Nope, no mistake. I am glad though that the headmaster finally got a supervisor. Our last one had a sudden illness that needed to be taken care of. You are going to have fun since you are young."

Gohan sweat-dropped. He couldn't believe it. First being an assistant teacher and now a dorm supervisor? If Mom finds out, she is going to kill me after she has killed the headmaster. While lost in thought, the guard had gotten up from her desk to show Gohan around the building. "This building offers many things for our students since Mahora Academy is a boarding school. We offer a bath hall, laundry room, cafeteria, meeting rooms, student health care, student shop and other things as well. You name it, we have it. The first year students live in the third and fourth levels while the second year students live in the fifth and sixth levels of this building."

Gohan nodded to everything that she said. Well if I am going to be supervisor, I better make the most of it then. Gohan took in everything that he saw at the same time, he had picked up a lot of different ki signatures. Some that he knew were from his class especially Negi, Konoka and Asuna…Asuna? "Crap," he muttered. If Asuna-san finds out that I am the supervisor here, she is going to rip one on me for sure.

The guard stopped and said to Gohan, "This is your room Supervisor Gohan-san." Gohan peeked inside and it was an enormous room. It had room to fit in two futons. It was a Japanese style room with a table in the middle, a TV on one side of the room and the closet on the other. It was a very nice room. "The bath hall is right down the corner. You should take advantage of it now since none of the girls are using it."

Gohan nodded in agreement. He didn't want to get caught in the ball hall, especially by Asuna. After seeing the girls' reaction to his body, Gohan wasn't sure he would survive if the girls saw him naked at the bath hall. When the guard finally left, Gohan pulled out his Capsule pouch and pulled out a Capsule numbered 7. He clicked it and threw to the floor. There was a poofing sound and out came a pair of clothes and a futon. However, something was wrong. "Man, I didn't bring enough clothes with me," he said to himself. "I guess I will have to do some shopping but with who?"

After a few moments of thinking, Gohan got up and said, "Well, no use thinking right now. I need to take a bath. I really stink." He took off his clothes but left his teddy bear underwear on him just in case. He warped a towel around his waist and went off quietly to the bath hall.

Once he arrived, Gohan stood in awe. The bath hall was huge! It had everything that you could ask for in a bath hall: a swimming pool, showers, bathtubs, jacuzzi, etc. This bath hall had everything. Gohan shook his head. He had a mission. "I have to finish what I came here to do before anyone sees me. Luckily no one is here, so better do this quickly." He quickly went to the showers to wash himself. He used the shampoo, the Old Spice shower gel that he brought from home, and the conditioner. He was about to finish when he heard a voice.

The voice was small and couldn't be heard properly but Gohan knew who it was. It was Negi. He could feel his ki coming in but he also felt some anxiety coming from Negi as he was doing something against his will. There was another person with him. Gohan concentrated some more and immediately recognized as Asuna. "Oh man," he muttered. This was bad! Gohan immediately grabbed whatever he could and hid behind the trees in the swimming pool. However, he forgot his Old Spice shower gel at the showers.

"Now get in there!" exclaimed Asuna as she threw Negi into the water. She was wearing a school edition swimsuit while Negi was naked. "Honestly Negi, I can't believe that you haven't taken a bath since the fight with Evangeline."

"Awah-wah-wah… Asuna-san…" said Negi, hands flailing as he tried to free himself from Asuna. "I never had the time, and you know how I hate baths…" As soon as Gohan heard that comment, he face-faulted. I'm supposed to protect that kid? He is sounding more and more like Goten.

Asuna sighed. "Well, let's get you washed up before any of the girls show up." She grabbed a soap bar and a towel and started to wash Negi. "Boy oh boy, so helpless you can't even wash your own hair." She scrubbed the hair and the back as much as she could with soap and shampoo. However, as she went to grab the towel, she noticed the Old Spice shower gel. "Negi, there is someone else here."

Negi turned his head to where Asuna was looking at the shower gel. "You're right, but who would leave a shower gel like this?" Gohan flinched as soon as he saw that he had left his shower gel there.

Asuna pondered a bit until she said, "Unless, there is a pervert in the bathhouse."

Negi nodded. "You are right Asuna-san." He grabbed his staff and wrapped a towel around his waist as he got in defensive position. Asuna did the same as she got a broom that was nearby. "Okay, we know that you are here, come out and we won't hurt you!"

Gohan started to sweat nervously. He didn't want to be found out like this, especially by Negi or even Asuna. Gohan started to think of his options on how to escape this situation. However, his decision was taken by him when his stomach betrayed him with a grumble noise. "There!" yelled Negi as he pointed his staff at Gohan's direction and shot out some wind magic, nonthreatening but enough to disable an average man. However, Gohan was no ordinary man.

Gohan had avoided the blast in time, which caused the water to go up, blocking everyone's view. Gohan put his arms to protect himself from the water blast as he jumped back and onto the surface. He was about to say something to both of them but Asuna came up running to him and swung the broom at Gohan.

CRACK!

The handle of the broom went flying towards the other direction, almost hitting Chamo who was in the bushes ready to take some perverted pictures of the girls. Because of the water falling, Negi and Asuna couldn't see who they hit but once the water subsided they stood in shock as they had come across Son Gohan. "Gohan-san?" said Negi.

Gohan started to sweat nervously as he tried to figure out of how to get of this situation since he was half-naked and in a girl's bath hall. "H-hi, Negi-san and Asuna-san," said Gohan, waving his hand with a nervous smile.

Asuna blinked a few times until she had realized that it was Gohan who stood before her. She clenched her fists in rage. "So your true colors come out. You became a teacher because you're a pervert!" she yelled angrily. She walked up to Gohan, cracking some knuckles.

"Wait," said Gohan waving his arms in protest, "that's not true Asuna-san. I have been assigned as the…" Before Gohan could finish his sentence, Asuna had grabbed another broom and began to swing at Gohan. Gohan in the meantime, dodged each swing with ease even though Asuna was swinging as fast as she could.

"Hold still pervert," said Asuna as she continued to swing. She started to get really pissed that Gohan kept on dodging her swings with ease while Negi stared in awe at Gohan's abilities.

Gohan gave out a sigh. "I don't have time to deal with this right now," he muttered. He caught the broom handle with his right hand and crushed it, catching both Asuna and Negi by surprise. "Listen Asuna-san, I am no pervert. I was going to say earlier that I have been assigned as the dorm's supervisor."

"Bullshit," replied Asuna. "There is no way a male could be the supervisor. You are just a pervert."

"Wait Asuna-san," pleaded Negi. "Maybe Gohan-san is telling the truth." Gohan smiled. He knew that Negi would come to his rescue. "Why don't we ask the headmaster tomorrow?"

"Fine," Asuna said in defeat. Gohan let out a sigh of relief.

"Well, now that we got that cleared out, I should get going before the other girls see me," said Gohan as he grabbed his stuff and left the bath hall. As he walked by Asuna, he couldn't help noticing that she was blushing, but at what he wondered?

Once Gohan closed the door, Negi looked at Asuna and saw that she was blushing like crazy. "Asuna-san, is something wrong?"

Asuna flinched and was sweating nervously as she spoke, "Nothing's wrong Negi!" Asuna didn't realize at first but after settling the argument, she kept staring at Gohan's figure. He was well-toned everywhere you could think of. He carried some scars on his body. His muscles were buff and made him look sexy and…No! Asuna said to herself, shaking her head, I like Takahata-sensei, not some big, strong, lean and…no, no, no I mean dark haired idiot! I am so going to kill him now!

"Phew, that was a close one," said Gohan to himself as he entered into his room without being seen by anyone. "I guess I will have to introduce myself to everyone sometime this week." He got dressed into his pajamas, ate some food that he had from the Capsule refrigerator, laid on his futon and fell asleep straight away.



* * *



The next day

Gohan was walking into the class, sighing from the argument that he had this morning at the headmaster's office. Asuna had actually brought up what happened yesterday at the bath hall, after trying to beat the crap of him and failing. She mentioned to the headmaster that Gohan was a pervert and asked why such an idiot was the supervisor. The headmaster, like always, didn't give a clear explanation to why but Gohan knew. He knew that the headmaster had placed him there to protect the students including his granddaughter. Why can't I have a normal day? asked the demi-saiyan to himself.

As he walked into the class, he failed to notice, however, a little bit of trip wire on the floor. Gohan hit the string, setting it off. From above six water balloons came out and before they could hit him, Gohan instinctively dodged each one as they hit the floor. Some of the students gasped in awe at the skill. They were going to ask him later on how he did that. Around the corner a pair of twins was looking at their new teacher. "I can't believe we couldn't get him," Narutaki Fuka exclaimed. She was the older of the two twins and the more mischievous.

"Onee-san, I think it is a bad idea to prank Gohan-sensei," Fumika said to her older sister. Unlike her sister, this girl is that exact opposite of her. She is nice and likes to clean, even though she goes along with the pranks her sister goes through.

"But if we can't even prank Gohan-sensei, we will never be able to go up on our training from Kaede!" Fuka said.

"Fine," Fumika sighed.

The class started out normally. Well, normally in the sense for Class 3-A. Some of the girls started to talk about the latest gossip around the campus. "Hey did you guys hear?" said Shiina Sakurako.

"Hear about what?" asked Konoka.

"About this new super hero that everyone is talking about," said Shiina.

"Oh yeah, I heard about that too," said Izumi Ako. "He saved a burning building in the district by punching a hole in the water tanker."

"That's right," said Misora Kasuga. "I heard his name was the Great Singing Man."

"No! It's Great Saiyaman!" All four girls turned their heads to see it was Gohan who said that. He had a blush on his face as soon as he said it, trying not to draw attention to himself. He was obviously failing miserably at it.

"Gohan-sensei, how do you know his name?" asked Konoka.

Gohan flinched. "Oh, um…I heard from somebody who saw him." He ended the conversation there. At least he hoped so.

Kazumi picked this up and took out her microphone. "Gohan-sensei, what can you tell us about this Great Saiyaman?"

"Um…that he is a great hero," said a nervous Gohan, unsure of what to say and feeling a bit uncomfortable.

Kazumi smiled. Something had caught her interest. "Really? I heard he is from Satan City, just like you did."

Gohan gulped. How did she figure that out? "What do you mean? I told you that I am from a house in the mountains." He let out a loud cough to take control of the situation. "But enough of that, don't you have some work that Negi-sensei had assigned?"

Kazumi pouted as she wanted to learn more but Gohan was unwilling to give any more information. What are you hiding Gohan-kun? I will find out your secret soon.

After that, class went on normally. During the latter part of class, Gohan had gone on to help others with their work. While he didn't think much about what happened at the beginning of class, there was more trip wire from last time as well as some other things attached to it. The twins were innocently doing the work, except for the fact that Fuka kept looking at him every five seconds. Gohan didn't think much of it, though he was curious to why she kept looking at him. Gohan then set off the trap as everyone watched as three pies flew at him from the front. Gohan then turned serious as he saw the three pies come towards him. Making sure no one was behind him, Gohan took evasive action. He threw the book in his right hand into the first pie, while dodging to the right. He used his left arm to slice up the left pie as it landed perfectly on the table. Finally, he then turned a tiny angle so the last pie went whizzing by him, but he stretched out his hand, caught it and set it at the table with the two half pies.

All the girls were surprised at the skills of their sensei, especially one ninja in training. The two pranksters couldn't believe their eyes. Their sensei had managed to block their trap with random objects and used his hands to catch and slice up the pies. "Sensei, how did you do that?" Ayase Yue asked.

"Do what?" Gohan deadpanned, causing many of the girls to face fault.

"How did you manage to avoid all those pies?" Asuna shouted.

"Oh that! It's nothing. My old sensei made me dodge small rather pointy objects going faster than that, so blocking or dodging things at that speed wasn't too hard. Besides I survived worse things when he left me in the wilderness when I was five," Gohan said nonchalantly waving it off as nothing. The girls all looked at him having the same thought, What the hell type of school did he go to? And who the hell was his sensei? The bell then rang out and all the girls exited out.

Gohan sighed. "Maybe I shouldn't have shown too much then," he muttered as he started to walk out of the classroom. "I definitely need to buy some new clothes soon."

"Gohan-san?" Gohan heard the voice and turned around to see Konoka standing before him.

"Hi, Konoka-san, what can I do for you?" asked the demi-saiyan.

"I was wondering what you are doing tomorrow?" replied Konoka with a smile.

Gohan pondered a bit to see if he had any plans the next day. He knew that during class, Negi had given the girls a 'Free Day' to get ready for the Kyoto and Nara trip. "Nothing in particular, why do you ask?"

"Well, I was hoping that you could help me with something."

"Sure, I would be glad to help out my students. Why don't we bring Negi-san along with us too?" said the demi-saiyan, who didn't realize the sign of 'wanting to go alone with a cute girl' when Konoka frowned a bit when he asked if he could bring along Negi.

"Sure that's fine," said Konoka. "Besides, I wanted his help on this as well. And in the meantime we can go shopping for some new clothes for you."

Gohan flinched. "Wait, Konoka-san what do you mean?"

Konoka giggled. "Silly goose. I heard you wanted to get some new clothes and why not take this great opportunity to buy some."

Gohan sighed. He gave the ok and saw Konoka go off with a smile on her face. He had hoped that he didn't have to go shopping with a girl, especially with a student like Konoka. But he couldn't argue against a smile like the one Konoka had. It reminded him greatly about his dad. Which by the way, reminded him that he needed to contact his mom before she starts flipping hell and getting out her frying pan of death.

Later that day, Gohan was introduced as the supervisor of the girl's dorm and was welcomed with a similar reaction to that of his first day as an assistant teacher. He didn't tell exactly where his room was in fear of being mobbed by the girls. But he did take the time to know where each of his student's dorm room was.

That evening, Negi and the girls of Class-3A as well as some of the faculty members gave a welcoming party for Gohan. Gohan, in trying to act normal, ate little of the food that was at the party. At the party, he was able to meet most of the staff members including Takahata and the woman with a big bust, Shizuna. As soon as the party was over though, Gohan went out to buy some groceries including bags full of instant ramen. He definitely missed his mom's cooking. He knew that he would have to find a buffet to eat at for tomorrow to satisfy his stomach. "Man, I am becoming more and more like Dad," he said with a smile. "That reminds me, I have to call Mom."

Gohan got to the phone and dialed the number. The phone kept on ringing and ringing until finally, "GOHAN! WHAT ARE YOU DOING MISTER? WHY HAVEN'T YOU CALLED ME?" yelled the voice on the other line. Gohan knew it was his mom but how he wondered.

"Mom, I am sorry that I haven't called you yet. I have been kind of busy lately," said a nervous Gohan, unsure on how his mom would take it after telling her that he got a job as an assistant teacher.

"WHY? DON'T TELL ME THAT YOU HAVE BECOME A DELIQUENT!" yelled Chi-Chi.

"No! Of course not Mom. I have been very busy with school because," The moment of truth, "The school gave me the job of being an assistant teacher." Gohan got himself ready for the screaming but somehow it never came.

"That's great Gohan! Finally all that studying has paid off," responded Chi-Chi happily. Her emotions completely changing from one pole to the opposite which had caught Gohan by surprise. He thought that she would scream so loud that even he could hear it from his room. "Someone in this family has gotten a job, unlike your father."

"Mom, Dad is the Earth's hero. Remember he beat Boo," said Gohan before he realized it was too late.

"YOUR FATHER HASN'T DONE ANY WORK EXCEPT FOR FARMING!" yelled Chi-Chi. "Anyways, when can we come by and visit?"

"I'm not sure actually Mom, but I will let you know as soon as I know ok?" replied Gohan. He wanted to mention the supervisor position but he thought about not giving such big news until a later time.

"Ok dear. Have fun teaching tomorrow Gohan," said a happy Chi-Chi.

"Sure thing Mom, bye!" Gohan hanged up the phone and gave out a sigh of relief. "Well that went better than expected," he muttered as he put on his PJs and went to sleep.



* * *



The next day

"Yahoo! What great weather!" Shiina exclaimed as she, Madoka and Misa walked down the busy street.

"Nn…You're right," Misa agreed cheerfully.

"Okay let's hurry up and go to karaoke!" Shiina cheered. "I've been holding back since nine o'clock!"

"All right! I'm gonna sing my heart out!" Misa agreed excitedly.

"Hey! Hey! That's not what we're here for, you two! You can't just go off to karaoke because of some nice weather," Madoka said, exasperated. "We're here to buy clothes for the school trip's 'Free time day'! It starts the day after tomorrow, you know? So, you can't just play around like usual. You guys have got to prepare yourselves properly!"

"One Gouya Crepe, please," Shiina said at the food stand. Madoka groaned in realization that they had completely ignored her.

"Whoa! A Gouya Crepe, do you can handle it nee-chan? It's bitter y'know!" The food stand guy laughed jovially.

"We can totally handle it!" Misa assure the man. "Get me one too!"

"God damn it! Listen to me you idiots!" Madoka yelled angrily. "Argh! Now you've got me mad! I want one too!"

"Yes Madoka, eat and grow fat. Eat and grow fat…" Shiina said in a hypnotic voice before she took a bite of her crepe. "Uwaa! This is really bitter!"

"Ah! Look at these clothes, they're really cute!" Misa said as she looked in the window by the nearby shop.

"The karaoke here is really cheap! How about it?" A man advertised.

"This is so much fun!" Shiina said excitedly. "They don't normally let us out of Mahora!"

"Hm?" Misa stopped in shock.

"What's up Misa?" Madoka asked nearly bumping into her.

"Looks like you bought the sweater after all, huh Negi-san?" Gohan laughed.

"It looks nice doesn't it?" Konoka asked sweetly.

"H-Hey! Isn't that Negi-kun, Gohan-kun and Konoka?" Misa whispered as she hid behind a man in a suit.

"You're right…what are those three doing here?" Shiina wondered.

"Hey! Hey! How about this one Negi-kun? Gohan-kun?" Konoka asked as she held a sweater for them to see.

"Ah that looks good! It's real cute, right, Gohan-san?" Negi asked as he looked at Gohan who was trying on a blue sweater.

"Huh? Oh, it looks really nice on you," Gohan said with a hesitant smile. He didn't even really look at her; poor Negi hasn't learned how to shop with women yet. Gohan had experience from the times his mom went shopping, bringing him and his Dad along to carry the stuff. One time he remember, the Androids (#13,#14,#15) had attacked his Dad and him at the mall a few years ago and his mom got so mad with both of them for leaving her there. He also remembered when he went shopping with Videl before she stopped talking to him.

"Th-This looks like a date!" The cheerleader trio thought shocked.

"B-But Negi-kun's only ten years old!" Shiina whispered. "And, Konoka only met Gohan-kun the other day! Why would she go on a date with both of them?"

"That doesn't matter! Gohan-kun and Negi-kun's are teachers! It'll be a scandal if anyone finds out about this!" Madoka said, while seriously freaking out.

"If they find out Negi-kun and Gohan-kun are dating their students they'll be fired!" Misa said nervously.

"W-Wait! Isn't this more Konoka hitting on Negi-kun rather than the other way around and taking advantage of Gohan-kun on the rebound?" Madoka pointed out seriously.

"Oooooh! I see!" Shiina exclaimed.

"That's how it looks to me, too…" Misa said scratching her chin thoughtfully. "I mean Konoka lives in the same dorm as Negi-kun doesn't she? And isn't Gohan-kun the dorm supervisor too?"

"Yeah, living with Negi-kun might have stirred Konoka's maternal instinct, but those feelings of affection developed into romance! And then, under one roof they…"

The three pictured a naked Negi blushing nervously as an equally naked Konoka slowly climbed on top of him. "But, the Gohan-kun came and Konoka instantly fell in love with him too!" Shiina added jealously. "She couldn't choose Negi-kun over Gohan-kun at this point, and so she decided to date both of them!"

"That's not fair!" Misa fumed. "Why does she get two boyfriends and one as hot as Gohan-kun?"

"And, she's taking advantage of him too!" Shiina fumed. "I mean, Gohan-kun is very shy person! If he's fair game then I want to date him!"

"Me too!" Misa said jealous.

"You've already got a boyfriend Misa!" Madoka said shocked.

"So? If Konoka can have two then so can I!" Misa declared jealously before calling a number on her cell phone. "Either way we've got to contact the authorities!"

"T-T-The authorities? You mean the staff room?" Shiina yelled in shock.

"You idiot! They'll be fired and thrown out of school that way!" Madoka scolded.

"Yes? Hm? What is it Kakizaki?" Asuna said as she blearily sat up from her bed. She was still in her pajamas and her hair was out of her usual pigtails. "What do you want? I finally got a day off and you—"

"Stop sleeping until noon on a holiday, damn it!" Misa yelled over the phone. "We've got trouble! It's terrible take a look at this!"

"Hm? She sent a picture?" Asuna wondered before looking in the photo. It had Konoka showing a picture of Konoka holding a shirt up to her while Negi smiled happily at her and Gohan looked on admiringly.

"Well, isn't this a secret date?" Misa asked.

"What's going on with those three? Asuna, you have to at least know what's going on between Negi-kun and Konoka!" Madoka said blushing.

"She's going to steal Negi-kun from you Asuna," Shiina said nervously. "And, she's taken advantage of Gohan-kun too!"

"That's so stupid," Asuna said as she lay back down and kicked a sleeping Chamo off the bed while throwing her cell phone away. "There's no way Konoka would do something like that."

"H-HEY! C'mon Asuna! Don't fall back to sleep! Asuna! ASUNA!" Misa cried over the phone. "H-Hello? Asuna? ASUNA?"

"Awe…She didn't believe us," Shiina pouted.

"H-Hey! Pay attention! They're on the move again!" Madoka said.

"Huh?" Negi and Gohan looked back in unison.

"Crap!" Madoka cried as she quickly hid behind a wall.

"Let them go a bit further," Shiina whispered.

"Something wrong Gohan-kun? Negi-kun?" Konoka asked cheerfully.

"Ah…I thought I saw someone following us," Gohan said. Actually he knew that they were being followed as he had picked up three unique ki signatures from his class.

"Me too…" Negi agreed before looking down guiltily. "I'm sorry Konoka-san…you finally got a day off and of getting ready for the tip you're spending it with me and Gohan-san."

"Yeah, Konoka-san," said Gohan. "I know that you invited us and I am very grateful for helping out with my part of the shopping.

"I'm so happy," Konoka said brightly. "To think you two would care about me so much."

"Konoka-san," Negi and Gohan said blushing.

'H-Hey hey hey!' The three thought excitedly with blushes and drool.

"HYAAAAAAN! They're in a good mood! This is great! They're progressing so fast!" Shiina squealed.

"Those three can pull off this forbidden love! For sure!" Misa squeaked out excitedly.

"Kyah! I'm so nervous!" Madoka squealed just as equally as Shiina.

Asuna sat with Chamo eating her lunch in one of the many quads when her cell phone started to ring. Quickly, she picked it up and said, "Yes? Oh, it's you again Kakizaki. What d'you want?"

"It's amazing! It's incredible, Asuna! It feels like those three are going to quit school and run off to get married!" Misa shrieked over the phone.

"Huh? Konoka did mention going shopping with Negi today…though I didn't hear anything about Gohan…" Asuna mused jealously.

"No! It's a date! A date! A secret love-love date! KYAAAH!" Shiina squealed over the phone.

"Ara? What's the matter Asuna-san?" Ayaka asked as she suddenly appeared next to Asuna.

"Eh…! Absolutely nothing Iincho-san! Really!" Asuna said quickly and nervously.

"A-Anyway, we're going to keep following them. I'll send you another photo, so just hold on another minute," Misa said quietly, but Asuna suddenly realized how bad this could be.

"Ah! Hey Kakizaki you don't have to do that—!"

"You got mail," Asuna's cell phone interrupted.

"Hm?" Ayaka hummed questioningly and looked at Asuna's phone. "PFT!"

Ayaka's shock came from seeing the new photo of Negi, Gohan and Konoka. Negi and Konoka were drinking a fruit drink while Gohan was eating a big tray of French fries.

"What the heck is this? Even jokes have limits!" Ayaka screeched jealously.

"I don't know!" Asuna yelled as Ayaka tried to hit her. "I'm telling you I don't know!"

"All right! I'm getting pumped up! It's time for us to make a move!" Misa cheered grabbing her hat.

"Now that I think about it, Konoka and Negi-kun were obvious," Madoka said thoughtfully. "And, Gohan-kun did look lovingly at her yesterday…"

"Uh-huh! Uh-huh! There was that scandal during spring break when Negi-kun and Konoka were embracing in a classroom," Shiina pointed out before whispering quietly to herself. "But, maybe I can stop Gohan-kun from going for her…"

"I heard that Konoka had a marriage interview that day," Madoka said.

"Eh? Then the other interviewee was Negi-kun? T-That means that Negi-kun could be the future principal if everything goes right!" Misa said shocked. "Or, maybe Gohan-kun is also another interviewee! Ah…I wish I had a grandpa that would set me up with hot guys like Gohan-kun!"

"That must be why both of them were able to become teachers despite being school age!" Shiina realized.

"That's right! And, what's more, I've decided on a plan for us, the Mahora Cheerleading Squad!" Misa declared happily as the three pulled out pompoms. "We'll support their relationship! We'll stake our names on cheerleaders on it!"

I'll secretly sabotage Gohan-kun and Konoka's relationship… Shiina and Misa unknowingly thought together. Suddenly, Misa's phone started to ring. "Hm?"

"HOLD ON JUST A MINUTE!" Ayaka yelled over the phone much to everyone's shock. "THIS IS A DIRECT ORDER FROM THE IINCHO OF CLASS 3-A! THERE IS AN ABSOLUTE PROHIBITION ON IMMORAL STUDENT-TEACHER RELATIONSHIPS! YOU WILL STOP THEM RIGHT NOW! KAKIZAKI-SAN! KUGIMIYA-SAN! SAKURAKO-SAN! YOU WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR MAKING SURE THOSE THREE DO NOT BECOME ANY CLOSER THAN NECESSARY!"

"Eeeeh?" Shiina said doubtfully. Perfect! This is the perfect excuse to stop Konoka and Gohan-kun's relationship!

"C'mon! It's our job to support people!" Madoka countered.

"DO I MAKE MYSELF CLEAR?" Ayaka yelled and sent a demonic looking picture of herself to emphasize her point.

"R-Roger Iincho!" The three squeaked frightened.

"Sheesh…It looks like we've got no choice," Misa muttered. "Okay then, in order to conceal our identities…"

The three quickly changed their clothes. Misa and Shiina wore blue and white sailor uniforms, tanned their skin quickly and put their hair in pigtails. Madoka however wore a navy male uniform with a hat to cover her hair. She looked quite boyish.

"Let's go Asuna-san!" Ayaka declared and grabbed her arm as she ran off.

"H-Hey! Iincho!" Asuna cried out.

Meanwhile…

"Hey Negi-kun, Gohan-kun, what about this one?" Konoka asked.

"Oh no, not matching clothes," Gohan groaned. "You wouldn't believe how obsessed my mom was with these things when I was younger." Gohan was remembering the time that his mom made wear very ridiculous clothes for the trip to Namek.

"Really?" Konoka giggled. "It sounds like there's a story there."

"I'm not talking about it," Gohan told her and she pouted. "Nope, not going to work!"

Gohan turned away covering his eyes; Konoka and Negi snickered together at Gohan's embarrassed face. "M-Matching clothes…?" Madoka stuttered.

"Sakurako, attack!" Misa order Shiina.

"Okay!" Shiina agreed and grabbed Madoka rather forcefully; rushing forward, the two bumped Gohan, Negi and Konoka away. "Ah! This is so nice! Buy it for me, Kugio-kun!"

"Hahaha…I got it! Hey, Mr. Shop Assistant! I'll take one of these!" Madoka yelled out manly.

"Thank you so much Kugio-kun! Why don't we wear them together?" Shiina said as she leaned on Madoka's shoulder.

"You're over doing it," Madoka whispered urgently.

"Aww…They bought them first…" Konoka said disappointedly.

"Phew" Gohan muttered the same time Negi pointed to another item. "How about this one then?"

"Ah…This is perfect!" Konoka said perking right back up.

"Isn't it Konoka-san?" Negi asked.

"Huh, maybe I should get a set myself," Gohan said.

Misa charged forward as quickly as possible and kicked the three away. "Ah! This is it! I'll take this one please!"

"O-Okay, that'll be three thousand yen," the store manager said nervously.

"T-This is a dumbbell! I don't want this!" Misa groaned. "And, I spent my clothes money on this too!"

"Just charge it to Iincho's account," Madoka said. "Though I gotta say I'm surprised how health orientated those three are. Wonder why they need to keep their strength up…?"

The three pictured a dark room filled with rose petals and scented pillows; on the bed Konoka was…! "Continue the interruptions!" Shiina squealed jealously and angrily.

For the next few hours, whenever the three tried to buy anything, someone would come around and take it first; though the three were perplexed when Gohan could somehow buy clothes for himself without them noticing. "What's up with the people in this city?" Gohan wondered. "They keep taking all of the stuff we plan to buy." Especially these students.

"I think I've seen them before…" Negi muttered to himself. "But, where?"

"It's okay Gohan-kun, we've already bought these," Konoka said cheerfully showing her bag. Gohan and Negi suddenly let out a long and large yawn.

Battle for days? No problem. Go shopping for a few hours? I'm exhausted… Gohan thought tiredly. Now I know why Dad doesn't like shopping with Mom.

"Ara? You two look tired; maybe we should go find someplace quiet and rest," Konoka suggested and pulled the two along.

The cheerleader trio wheezed tiredly over the items they had to buy, but they were shocked at Konoka's suggestion. "UWA! A 'someplace quiet'! This is bad!" Misa shouted.

"Hurry up and get here Iincho!" Madoka groaned tiredly.

"I won't let anyone make a move on Negi-sensei, even if it IS Konoka," Ayaka said angrily on the train. "And, I will not let her take advantage of Gohan-sensei as well!"

"I'm telling you Iincho, Konoka wouldn't do that!" Asuna retorted annoyed.

"Isn't possible she only wanted Aniki for a card?" Chamo whispered.

"So, you think she wants a kiss no matter what? But, why would she take Gohan then?" Asuna whispered back.

"She might be hoping she can kiss nii-san instead," Chamo whispered back. "She did seem to really like him."

"Would Konoka really go that far?" Asuna mused. Well, when I think about it Konoka really loves anything to do with fortunetelling and I'm sure she would prefer to kiss Gohan over Negi, but…no way…

"Ah, today was fun!" Negi said happily from the stairs. But he started to slowly walk forward.

"Ara? Are you okay Negi-kun? You're swaying all over the place; why don't we sit here and rest for a while?" Konoka said giggling.

"O-Okay…" Negi agreed tiredly. He took a seat next to Konoka while Gohan leaned his back against Konoka's.

"Ahahaha…They fell asleep." Shiina giggled.

"H-Hold on take a look at that!" Misa said quickly and the other two turned quickly to see Negi laying his head on Konoka's lap.

"Aah! She's letting him sleep on her lap!" Shiina yipped in shock.

"Kuu…I'm so envious," Misa mumbled. "At least it's only Negi-kun and not Gohan-kun though."

"You can do that with your own boyfriend anytime," Shiina retorted. "Save some boys for me."

"Shh…quiet!" Madoka hushed before Misa could retort.

"Hah…Negi-kun looks so innocent sleeping right Gohan-kun?" Konoka said only to get heavy breathing from Gohan. "Hehe…Seems you have a nice innocent face too. Maybe I pushed you two too hard today? I know I'll help Negi-kun first!"

She extended her pointer finger and made a quick hand motion. "Fatigue, fly away!" Konoka giggled. "Just kidding!"

It's rather fortunate that Konoka can be an airhead sometimes or she would see her finger start to glow for a quick second. The three looked on in surprise not sure if what they saw was real. Did her hand just…? Misa thought wide eyed.

"Ah, that's right! The card!" Konoka said in realization. "It'll appear if I kiss Negi-kun! Perfect - he and Gohan-kun are asleep…huhuhuhu…"

"EH! What? A kiss?" Shiina shrieked in surprise.

"Is she going to do it?" Madoka yelped.

"Card?" Misa questioned puzzled. Slowly, ever so slowly she lowered her face to meet Negi's. "KONOKA!"

"Hold on! A-AAAAAAH!" Shiina gasped in shock.

"I guess I better not after all…" Konoka laughed. "I shouldn't kiss him when he's asleep, even if he IS a kid. Plus I don't think Gohan-kun would be very happy if he found out."

Suddenly she heard a thud from the bushes near there and saw the cheerleading trio lying face first in the ground. "Ara?"

"HEEEEEEY!" A voice called from the side and she saw two figures running towards her. "HOLD IT RIGHT THERE!"

"Huh? Iincho and Asuna…?" Konoka questioned. "Why are all of you here?"

Ayaka couldn't answer right away; she was too shocked to see Negi using Konoka's knee as a lap pillow. She was so jealous! "K-K-Konoka-san is letting Negi-sensei sleep on her lap!" Ayaka declared with a bright blush before muttering. "I want to try it too…"

"K-Konoka, are you really going to…?" Asuna asked quietly.

"Ah…Did you figure it out?" Konoka asked disappointedly.

"H-Huh? Asuna-san?" Negi asked. "Why are you all here?"

"Oh, apparently they figured out," Konoka informed Gohan and Negi.

"EEEH? What are we going to do?" Negi asked panicky.

"Huh, I thought they'd be more surprised…" Gohan muttered.

"F-Figured it out? Then—" Ayaka stuttered in shock.

"Then you three are really going to—" Asuna said wide eyed.

"We had no choice," Konoka interrupted.

"Th-That's right. It's one day early, but…" Negi said and started rummaging through a bag before pulling out a small wrapped box. "Here Asuna-san. For the twenty-first of April…Happy birthday!"

Asuna and the others could only stare at the little box in shock. "I've been looking for a present with Konoka-san and Gohan-san since this morning," Negi informed her.

"It's an organ that plays your favorite tune, Asuna," Konoka said in a chipper mood. "We were planning to give it to you tomorrow, but since you figured it out…"

"Ah! That's right! We've got presents for you too!" The cheerleading trio yelled together as they unloaded all of the stuff that they had bought because of Gohan, Negi and Konoka onto her.

"And, this one is from me," Gohan said handing her small box embarrassedly. "I would have gotten you a bigger present, but I had to buy quite a bit of clothes. Negi-san and Konoka-san didn't think it a good idea to tell me it was your birthday until we were on the train too."

"Th-Thank you Gohan…everyone," Asuna said embarrassed but extremely happy. "I-I'm so happy…"

"Ehehehe…" Negi and Gohan chuckled together as they scratched the back of their heads in embarrassment.

"Ah…Thank god," Misa muttered as the trio tried to sneak off. Konoka wasn't trying to take Gohan-kun after all.

"Just a moment girls," Ayaka said sternly, causing the three to freeze up.

"A-Ah…We're sorry Iincho," Misa apologized with a grin.

"It seems we had a misunderstanding." Shiina giggled nervously.

"You guys are always making trouble!" Ayaka shouted angrily.

"Iincho, you were the one who gave us orders!" Madoka countered nervously.

"Ah! That's right! We've come all this way anyway, so let's go to karaoke!" Shiina cheered. "We can make it a birthday party for Asuna!"

"That sounds like a great idea Shiina-san," said Gohan. "But, what's karaoke?"

"WHAT?" The cheerleading trio screeched, scandalized.

"That's it you're coming with us!" Misa and Shiina grabbed his arms while Madoka pushed his back.

"H-Hey! Don't change the subject!" Ayaka yelled as she chased after them. "Get back here!"

"I'm sorry I doubted you Konoka," Asuna said before she ran off with the rest.

"Huh? Konoka asked confused before she started to chase after them. "Hey! Hold on Asuna - I don't know what you mean! HEY!"

The karaoke party was quite fun in Gohan's opinion. The cheerleading trio was amazingly good, Iincho was good as well, he apparently was pretty good, and Konoka's voice was pretty majestic. Asuna could sing certain songs well, but Negi was only okay. As soon as Negi was finished with his song, a loud noise was heard in the room.

GRUMBLE!

"What the hell was that?" asked Asuna.

"Eh…that was me," said Gohan with his Son grin. "Hope you guys don't mind having dinner do you?"

"Not a problem Gohan-sensei," said Ayaka. "Let me handle the meal for everyone here." Oh how she would hate those words now.

Dinner time came around and Gohan, being the nice guy that he was, was able to find a restaurant that was having a dinner buffet. It was a nice restaurant too. However, everything changed the next few minutes.

The food had come around, but more were going towards a specific person…Son Gohan. He kept on eating like it was his last day on Earth. Everyone had started eating before but they stopped when Gohan went for his fifth plate. He kept gorging the food that the waiters kept on coming. "Excuse me, more spaghetti please!" shouted Gohan to the waiter, who shook his head in disbelief.

Negi and the others continued to stare as the waiter walked by him, muttering, "That's five pots of spaghetti!"

Asuna was in disbelief. She couldn't believe that someone so fit and strong would eat so much food and not get fat. She was going to ask him later about his secret. After a few long minutes of eating, Gohan was done eating. In front of him was a stack of dirty dishes that was higher than him. "Oh man that was some good eating."

"He ate food for thirty people," said Negi.

"No more like fifty people Negi," said Asuna.

Gohan turned to the waiter and asked, "Hey could have some to go please?" Everyone faceplanted. How could this guy eat more food? Everyone thought.

"We are out of food. Actually, you ate everything that we had in the kitchen," said the waiter, who also was in disbelief.

"Well, like my Dad says, 'Moderation in all things'," said Gohan with his Son grin as everyone faceplanted again.

"Who is this guy?" muttered Asuna.

Luckily Ayaka didn't have to pay for the meal thankfully. If it was at any other restaurant though, the bill would have been huge! Ayaka didn't want to think much about it as everyone headed back home to get ready for the trip to Kyoto tomorrow.

Once inside the building, Gohan went back to his room, got his stuff ready, put it in a capsule and went to bed.

Meanwhile, Negi, Chamo and Konoka were sound asleep. However, Asuna was awake. She wanted to see what gift Gohan had gotten her. She opened it, revealing a CD saying "Happy Birthday". Asuna put it in her CD player and put on some head phones. She listened and found that it was one of her favorite songs. She looked to the back and it had a track listing, all of which were songs she liked. A note fell out and it said,

"I asked Konoka-san what your favorite songs were and decided to make a CD for your birthday. I'm giving this to you as a sign of asking you if we're finally cool with each other? I mean we did have a rough start right? So Happy Birthday Asuna-san".

Baka, we're friends already, Asuna thought. I still should thank him tomorrow on the train... She drifted off to sleep listening to the CD.



* * *



Author's note: Hope you guys like the second chapter. It is going to follow mostly Negima canon but there will some DBZ fillers in it as well. I got inspiration of Gohan being a dorm supervisor from Love Hina and Dollgun. I didn't want to follow the same route as everyone else did with Naruto by placing him with Eva. That doesn't make sense for Gohan. A reminder that this is a DBZ and Negima crossover so there will be more DBZ characters like Goku in the story. Also, Gohan will have a harem but Gohan won't go lovey-dovey with everyone or maybe not. You never know! I wanted to give a shout out to these reviewers:

drake202 - truelion2 - SSJ5-Gohan - Forscythe - Ignisha - Fizuk - Dillionbig24 - Waffle192

Thanks for your comments. They were taken into consideration in making the decision to putting this as a series. Pat yourselves in the back! Yay! Anyways, kudos to those who can figure out where the opening scene is from. Keep the reviews coming! Peace!





*Chapter 3*: Trouble in Kyoto!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. See chapter 1 for more details.

Author's note: Hi ya everybody! Hope everyone is doing well. Sorry that I haven't updated in a while. I have been getting an error message every time that I tried to update. But thanks to some people, I was able to figure it out. I want thank you all for the reviews that you have been giving me. They keep motivating me to write more and faster as well. I wanted to take this opportunity to answer a few reviews.

RyumaOmega - Your idea is interesting. I'll think about it but I don't think I will have Goku teach them the Kaio-ken just yet. It may happen later on in the story though. Thanks for the suggestion.

black-ace-rockman - Goten and Trunks will appear in the story but not at the moment just yet.

I will give my shout outs to the new reviewers at the bottom, but I want to shout out a great THANK YOU to jazzzzz and to naidoka1992 who are beta-reading for me. Now I present the third chapter of Saiyan in Mahora!



* * *



Period 3: Trouble in Kyoto! Son Gohan, find the culprit!

Rays of sunlight filtered its way into Negi's, Konoka's and Asuna's dorm. As it reached Negi's face he awoke, before his alarm clock. He stopped the alarm and exclaimed, "Good Morning!" to the rest of the room. With unimaginable speed, Negi got dressed. "Yahoo! I've been waiting for this day for a long time…the day of the school trip! Asuna-san! Konoka-san! Get up we can't be late! Rise and shine!"

"I'll rise but I won't shine," Asuna mumbled as she groggily woke up. "Do we have to go right now?"

"Actually, since I'm a teacher I have to be there early," Negi responded.

"That's good, I'm going back to sleep," Asuna said. As Negi was getting ready to leave, Asuna mumbled suggestions through the bedcovers. "Do you have our guidebook?"

"Yes."

"How about your passport and a change of clothes?"

"Yes! I had everything prepared the day before yesterday," Negi said impatiently. "Okay, I'm going off now!"

"Let's get prepared too, Asuna," Konoka said. "I'll make breakfast."

"That sounds great Konoka," as she headed back into the dorm.

"I've been really looking forward to this trip. I mean, I get to stay in the ancient capital of Japan for 5 days! School trips are great!" Negi said as he sped through the campus.

"Don't get carried away aniki!" Chamo said as he appeared on Negi's shoulder. "We also have to deliver that letter to the head of the Kansai Magic Association."

"Right, then afterwards we can go to where the Thousand Master used to live," Negi said enthusiastically. "This is going to be the busiest I will be since I started being a teacher." He spun around, but bumped into somebody and fell to the floor. "Sorry, I wasn't looking where I was going." He looked up and saw it was…



* * *



Earlier…

Gohan was sleeping soundly in his futon, dreaming about good things like food and his studies. It was really good dream. But sadly most good things must come to an end.

BEEP! BEEP! BEEP!

Gohan moved his arm to snooze the alarm. He sat up on his bed, very groggy. He looked out the window and saw that it was bright and sunny. He put on his Son grin and exclaimed, "It's time for the trip!" He got out of bed, put on a new set of clothes which consisted of a white shirt with brown pants and a brown blazer. He then picked up his capsules and went off from the room.

Gohan was very excited. He finally was going to go on a school field trip. He didn't get to do that very often at his old school, primarily because Videl was in their class. If trouble sprang up in the city, the police would call Videl to help out. And since Gohan was the Great Saiyaman, he had help out too.

This time though was different. He was given a mission: To protect Negi and the students during this trip and beyond. That overruled over anything that was going in here. He gave his word. The fact that he will see the ancient city of Nara got him very excited as well. He had studied about them during his home tutoring. He couldn't wait and he hoped that the trip would go smoothly.

Gohan raced to the station. He stepped then onto the platform and bumped into someone. He heard the person say an apology and looked down. "Oh, hi Negi-san! You made it I see."

"Gohan-san, it's good to see you too," Negi replied. "Let's get to the train now shall we?" Gohan nodded as he helped his associate up. They walked to the platform to see that a majority of the class was already there. "Wah! They came early!"

"Looking forward to Kyoto, haven't you, Negi-kun?" Makie asked her the child teacher.

"Yes!"

Gohan joined them and looked at the librarian group. "Why are you bringing pillows?" he asked with Yuna seconding the question.

"I can't stand changing pillows," Nodoka said holding her pillow up.

"I cannot sleep on other pillows," Yue said holding up her pillow.

"You two are alike," Ako replied.

"Classes 3A, 3D, 3J and 3S please head towards your home room teacher for roll call and division into groups!" Shizuna announced. Gohan turned and walked towards Negi who was waving a flag that said 3A.

"Over here girls," Negi cheered. "Ah Gohan-san, can you please check off the people who arrive?"

"Sure Negi-san," Gohan took the clipboard that Negi had and looked over the list. "Let's get started then."

Group-1: Kakizaki Misa, Kugimiya Madoka, Shiina Sakurako, and the Narutaki twins Fuuka and Fumika

"KONOKA-SAN CLASS 3-A IS OVER HERE!" Fuuka shouted out the window.

"The twins are sure alike. They're noisy," Misa said jokingly.

"Aww come on, it's more fun that way," Madoka said.

"Negi-kun, Gohan-kun, the birthday party the day before was fun!" Sakurako said.

"Hey that's no fair, you got play with our senseis" Fumika pouted.

"It was fun, let's do it again sometime," Negi said. Gohan nodded in agreement. He never did karaoke before, so it was a nice experience.

Group-2: Yotsuba Satsuki, Kasuga Misora, Nagase Kaede, Hakase Satomi, Chao Lingshen and Ku Fei

Yotsuba Satsuki was walking around selling nikuman as she got on the train. "She sells those things everywhere huh?" Kasuga Misora, the tomboy track star of the class, said jovially. Kaede nodded as she was eating one as well.

"Do you want one too Kasuga-san?" Satomi Hakase, resident scientist of the class, asked. Misora didn't want any so she just shook her head. Chao Lingshen; the Chinese foreign exchange student; was looking around merrily, wondering if she could use Negi to sell the meat buns in England. She also watched as Ku Fei offered Negi some food which he gently declined.

"Chao-san, how much is the nikuman?" Gohan asked as he checked off each of the students.

"They are 120 yen a piece Gohan-sensei," Chao replied.

"Can I have four please? I was in a hurry due to all the excitement," said Gohan. At the same time his stomach made a loud grumbling sound. Immediately, Gohan blushed and scratched the back his head in embarrassment.

"I'm guessing you would like more than four then?" Chao laughed.

Gohan nodded and said, "Could have maybe ten?" Chao smiled as she took ten meat buns out and accepted the money Gohan gave her.

"Hungry aren't you?" said Chao with a smile.

"You could say that," Gohan said, taking a bite into the food.

Group-3: Asakura Kazumi, Murakami Natsumi, Hasegawa Chisame, Naba Chizuru and Yukihiro Ayaka

Natsumi entered the car, looking at everything with awe. Chisame was just considering everything as being stupid. Asakura was busy taking pictures of everything, especially the dark haired teen with a clipboard and nikuman in his mouth who was busy checking if the people got onto the train or not. She smirked at her success. Chizuru was busy laughing at Ayaka. "She's at it again."

"Hey Iincho, try to lower down the illegal child seduction to a minimum before lunch time okay?" Asakura said. She was promptly ignored due to dragging Negi everywhere.

"I've rented out the entire green car, so let's take our time and relax there. Just the two of us," Ayaka said whispering the last part.

"I-Iincho-san I still have some work to do!" Negi said waving his arms frantically.

"Ayaka-san, please let him finish his work before you do anything with said him," Gohan said as he was exasperated by the scene. Luckily he didn't have to do anything since group 4 decided to come in at the time.

Group-4: Okochi Akira, Tatsumiya Mana, Izumi Ako, Akashi Yuna and Sasaki Makie

"Are you guys okay?" Mana asked.

"Ako, are you sick even before the trip starts?" Akira asked rubbing Ako's back.

"N-no, I think I just ate too much nikuman," Ako replied using Yuna as support.

"You want me to get you water?" Yuna asked. Ako nodded and Yuna bought some from the vending machine on the train.

"Negi-kun! Do you want to hang out with us during free activity day?" Makie questioned happily. Negi, Gohan and Chamo sweat-dropped at her energy.

"Sasaki-san, he's taken, err, very busy," Ayaka replied hotly. This caused Makie to pout and turn away.

Group-5: Miyazaki Nodoka, Saotome Haruna, Ayase Yue, Kagurazaka Asuna and Konoe Konoka

"This is your chance, Nodoka. Go ask him 'Will you go out with me on free activity day?'" Haruna suggested to the quiet book worm.

"B-but…" was all Nodoka could say.

"Come on, I don't think Negi-sensei would turn you down if you ask him." Yue just watched her friends as she sipped her juice box.

"Negi, did you eat properly?" Asuna asked the boy.

"Yes I did. Thanks for the onigiri."

"Thank goodness they were okay," Konoka said. "Oh hello Iincho, Gohan-kun."

"Hi Konoka-san, Asuna-san. You like my gift by the way?" Gohan asked, Asuna getting the attention of those around them.

Asuna nodded. "Thanks Gohan, it was a nice gift. I brought it along so I can listen to it at night."

"Oh, so you got a gift for Asuna? Where's mine?" Konoka pouted and crossed her arms.

"Umm…" Gohan said nervously. He let out a loud cough. "Anyways, you should go to your seats right now."

The girls nodded and walked away, Iichino and Konoka talking about something. "Gohan-san, I think we are missing some people," Negi said.

"Let's see…" Gohan and Negi looked at the clipboard only to be interrupted by a new voice.

"Excuse me Gohan-sensei, Negi-sensei," the voice said. The duo looked up to see a girl with ebony hair put up in a pony tail that hung to the left with the right half of her forehead covered in bangs, while the other wasn't.

"Ah you're seat number 15 Sakurazaki Setsuna, and is that Rainyday Zazie behind you?," Negi asked as Gohan marked the two off the clipboard.

"I am supposed to be the leader of group six, but since Evangeline-san and Chachamaru-san are not here, it is only me and Zazie-san. What do we do?" Setsuna asked.

"Oh, I forgot Evangeline-san wasn't going on the trip," Negi said. Chamo sweat-dropped, thinking Like hell she can.

"I know, why don't you join another group," Negi suggested. "Alright, Sakurazaki-san can go with Asuna-san and Zazie-san can go with Iincho-san." The respective girls agreed.

"Ah Se-chan, it looks like we're in the same group," Konoka said full of mirth. Setsuna didn't know how to reply so all she did was bow and walked away. That was weird, Gohan thought.

After a few minutes the train started to move. Negi and Shizuna walked up to the middle of the car. Negi spoke up, as Gohan sat down at a window seat looking at the scenery. "All right everyone! The 15th annual school trip is about to begin. Let us make the most out of five days and four nights in Kyoto. There is going to be a lot of free time for the groups, so I think this is going to be a fun trip. Please try not to get hurt, lost or cause anyone else any trouble. Especially do not get yourself hu-AHH!" Gohan looked at the other two teachers and saw Negi on the floor with swirls in his eyes, a food cart right next to him.Ironic, he tells us not to get hurt, yet he's the first one to get hit by something. I just hope nothing bad happens, Gohan said to himself.

A voice was heard in the PA system as the train moved along and the students attended to their young teacher. "Please keep the aisles clear for the box lunch vendors. They will be coming by your seats."

The train was moving onwards and some of the girls were playing a card game that got Negi interested, while Gohan was trying to catch up on some sleep in his chair. Chi-Chi had called in the middle of night to ask more on the teaching job and when would be a good time to come and visit. Gohan had told her about the trip to Kyoto and Nara so he said they could come and visit after the trip.

"It seems like they are having fun huh?" Negi asked Chamo.

"Yeah, but it is a good time to check our surroundings," Chamo whispered.

"Huh? Why?"

"Didn't you hear the old man? There might be people trying to stop us. There may be spies from the Kansai Magic Association."

"Eh! Spies!"

Gohan was resting soundly until he heard a loud scream. Gohan cracked his eye open and looked at what could have caused it. He went over the top of his chair and saw a ton of frogs aboard the train. Gohan sighed. "Why can't I have just one normal day?" he muttered as he got up from his seat. He had to catch at least some of the frogs without drawing suspicion.

"What's with all these frogs?" Negi shouted as he attempted to catch some frogs.

"They all just appeared like magic!" Asuna shouted, helping out. Then suddenly, both of them felt a breeze in the train. They turned around and saw most of the frogs gone.

"Sensei we've managed to get most of the frogs-aru," Ku Fei said.

"Shizuna-sensei fainted," Makie called out.

"Somebody bring her to the health committee officer, Iincho take an emergency roll call," Negi commanded seeing as he was the senior teacher there.

"I'm on it!" said Ayaka.

"The health officer has fainted too!" Asuna cried out.

"Here give them to me," Gohan said walking up to them. "I'll take care of them."

"Eh Gohan-san why is there a bag over your shoulder?" asked Negi.

"Oh this bag contains the frogs that I captured," said Gohan as he put down the bag. It was larger than the bag that Ku Fei had brought in.

"How were you able to capture so many?" asked Asuna.

Gohan flinched. Maybe it wasn't good idea to capture a lot, he thought. "Umm…anyways, I would like you to give me the people who fainted. I brought some smelling salts for this kind of problem." Negi nodded, leaving Gohan to his job. He carried Shizuna bridal style to the front of the car placing her on a chair, and did the same with Ako. Taking a salt stick that was kept on his front pocket, Gohan broke it and waved it in front of the unconscious people. Always be prepared his mom said and Gohan was prepared to the extent that he forgot senzu beans, thinking that he didn't need them. A few seconds later they woke up.

"Uh what happened?" Shizuna groggily asked.

"Did I have a fainting spell again?" Ako too seemed dazed.

"You two fainted due to the multitude of frogs," Gohan answered as he put the stick away. He took off his suit jacket and placed it on Ako. "You two rest. Negi-san and I have this under control," Gohan instructed as the two nodded and fell asleep.

He looked up in time to see the letter Negi was supposed to deliver being taken by a bird, then he saw Negi giving chase. Gohan sighed, as he was starting to regret when he accepted the job. "I seriously thought this was going to be easy." Gohan glared at him and tailed Negi across the train. He followed them without being seen and reached the end of the train. Gohan was surprised to see Setsuna in the back of the train with the letter. He saw on the floor a piece of paper in the shape of a bird split in two. Shikigami? If I remember correctly from the books that the headmaster had given me to study on, a shikigami is a piece of paper that moves and is infused with Japanese traditional magic. But why would one be here?Gohan thought as he stood up and went to where Setsuna and Negi were.

"You dropped this," Setsuna said to Negi.

"Ah! My all important letter!" Negi exclaimed. "Thank you Sakurazaki-san"

"You should be careful sensei, especially when we reach the other side." Setsuna said as she was walking away. She turned her eyes toward Gohan which made Gohan's eyes narrowed. Something is not right about this.

Negi turned around and saw Gohan catch up to him. "Gohan-san what are you doing here?"

"I wanted to see if you needed help Negi-san," Gohan replied looking at Setsuna's retreating form. "Why was Sakurazaki-san over here?" Gohan asked.

"Ah! She was helping me get back this important letter!" said Negi as he held up the letter to Gohan.

"This is the same letter that the headmaster had given you right?"

Negi nodded as Chamo stood on Negi's shoulder with a cigar in his hand. "You ask me, you need to keep an eye on her. I don't trust her."

"Huh? What do you mean Chamo-san?"

"She might be a spy from the Kansai Magic Association! I mean look at the paper - it's in the shape of bird that took the letter. She must have been the one controlling it," replied the ermine.

"What! First Evangeline and now her? What am I going to do?" Negi asked, mouth agape as he stared at his student. Gohan sighed. Well, no helping it I guess. Gohan put his hand on Negi's head.

"Don't worry Negi-san. You have me and (hopefully) Asuna-san helping with this problem. So don't sweat it," Gohan reassured the boy as he walked passed him.

I don't think Sakurazaki-san is a spy, Gohan said to himself as he took everything into account. No, she wouldn't be if the bird was cut up like that. She is hiding something; I could feel it when I read her ki signature. Also, something about her ki feels familiar to someone in the class. I'm willing to find out what is going on in order to protect my friends!

"We will be arriving in Kyoto shortly," the locomotive engineer said over the intercom. "Please ensure that you do not forget your bags or any other personal items you brought with you."

"Everyone please get ready to disembark!" Negi announced to his class.

"Eh? Already?" Misora said surprised; she had fallen asleep during the ride and had missed ALL of the panic.

"That was fast!" Natsumi agreed.

"We're finally arriving in Kyoto!" Negi said, pleased. "Now we might actually be able to find some clues about the Thousand Master!"

"Hm? What was that Negi-kun?" Konoka asked appearing behind him.

"Eh…Don't worry about it Konoka-san," Gohan said as he ruffled up Negi's hair.

"Hehehe…You two have sure grown close!" Konoka giggled. "It's so adorable!"

"Really? I guess it's because I have experience in that department," Gohan answered with his Son grin.

"Oh you." Konoka gave him a small slap on the arm and Negi noticed that Setsuna was glaring spitefully towards them.

Sakurazaki-san…I'll have to keep an eye on her as much as she's keeping one on me, Negi said himself. But she does look really angry for some reason…

"We've arrived Negi-kun!" Fuuka, Fumika and Makie cheered together.

"Ah, yes! Sorry!" Negi said nervously.

"All right everyone! Off to Kyoto we go!" Negi yelled pumping his arm excitedly.

"YEAH!" Fuuka, Fumika and Makie excitedly agreed.

"Let's take a picture to commemorate the event," Kazumi said and everyone readily (except Chisame) agreed. "You can take the photo, can't you Nitta-sensei?"

Gohan stood in the back next to Asuna and Mana with Fuuka and Fumika each leaning on one of his shoulders while he sat on the railing. As the picture was being taken, he made sure to hold onto Fuuka and Fumika so they wouldn't fall off. (See Profile for picture. Will post up a bigger one on soon) After the picture was taken they finally arrived at their first stop: Kiyomizu Temple.

"KYOTOOOO!" Shiina cheered with a fist pump.

"This must be that place where you jump off! I've heard about this!" Yuna said gleefully. "Someone try to jump off!"

"Okay then," Kaede and Gohan said together.

"Stop that!" Ayaka shouted in annoyance.

Moron, Chisame thought spitefully.

"This is Kiyomizu Main Temple's famous Kiyomizu Stage. It's a national treasure," Yue stated plainly. "The phrase 'Kiyomizu kara no butai kara tobiorita de' – 'like jumping off the jumping of the Kiyomizu stage' – was coined here, referring to performers who fatally fell off the butai, or perhaps to frustrated suicidal lovers. Such romantic leaps had a surprising 85% survival rate. Today, the term refers to summoning your courage before plunging into the unknown."

"Whoa! She's a freak!" Yuna said in stunned belief.

"It can't be helped." Haruna laughed. "Yue really loves those statues of Buddha from the shrines so…"

"Ah…What nice weather…" Madoka said with a nice stretch.

"You're right!" Misa agreed readily. "Hey! Asakura, you should take a picture of this!"

"Already did!" Kazumi said with a thumb's up.

"Man what a sight," Gohan said, leaning on the railing and letting the wind gently blow into his face. A lot of the girls went beet red from seeing his mature calm face.

"Amazing! You can see the whole city from up here!" Negi shouted in amazement and just like that the girls went from blushing to giggling.

"Hey Negi! It's okay to have fun, but don't fall over the side," Asuna scolded, and Gohan pulled Negi off the railing.

"I'm so glad Negi-sensei is enjoying himself!" Ayaka said with a fond glance at said boy.

"Ah…This breeze does feel nice," Akira said with a small smile.

"It looks like Setsuko-chan is enjoying it too right Zazie-san?" Satsuki asked as she watched a bird fly around.

"…Yes…" Zazie said with a content smile.

"Oh, that's right. If you go a little further from here, there's a fortune telling place called the Jiju shrine that gives predictions for your love life! It's very popular with the ladies," Yue explained.

"Eh?" Makie yelled with hearts in her eyes.

"Love fortune-telling?" Ayaka asked excitedly. "Let's go together Negi-sensei."

"S-Sure…" Negi stuttered.

"Ah! I want to go too!" Makie said cheerfully.

"We'll go as well," Yue stated as she grabbed a blushing Nodoka's hand to pull her along.

"Just below where those stone steps are the famous Otowa Waterfall," Yue continued to explain. "If you drink from those three streams, you'll stay healthy, do well in school, and even get married…"

"Married?" All of the girls exclaimed together. "That's it!"

"Come on Negi-kun, let's go!" Makie said as she and the twins pushed him along.

"You too Gohan-sensei," Chizuru said as she pushed Gohan along with Misa, Shiina, Chao and Kaede trailing along very closely.

"Ah! Hey, Makie-san…You guys!" Ayaka called out in shock. "No flirti—I mean, group activities should be…!"

"Negi-kun! Gohan-kun! Over there! Over there!" Makie yelled pointing to her right once they got down the street as the girls ran and cheered.

"Don't run too fast, okay?" Negi called back before turning to Chamo and Gohan. "It sure is nice here, isn't it?"

"Yeah, but that's Kyoto for you," Gohan said basking in the warmth of the sun.

"These old buildings made out of wood are amazing," Negi said with a small smile.

"That's so true, but you wouldn't believe the stuff that I have seen," Gohan said with a smile.

"Oi! OI! Don't lower your guards you two! We're on the enemy's home turf you know!" Chamo called. "That Setsuna person might be a spy. Remember, she was tied to that bird somehow!"

"I think it was just coincidence that happened," said Gohan.

"What do you mean Gohan-san?"

"Hurry up Negi-kun! Gohan-kun!" Makie called from the top of the stairs. "This is the stone that foretells your love life!"

"We're coming Makie-san!" Gohan said, but he honestly wasn't looking forward to this. He wasn't very good in these kinds of situations. When they reached the top, their girls were standing around a couple of rocks looking at them reverently.

"So, let me get this straight," Gohan said, looking at the two rocks. "If you can get from one rock to the other without opening your eyes you'll find success in love?"

"Yup!" Yue confirmed plainly.

"Wow that looks to be at least twenty meters!" Negi exclaimed in amazement.

"W…Well, as Iincho I shall…" Ayaka said trying to remain cool and aloof, however she was failing miserably.

"Ah! That's not fair! I'm going too!" Makie retorted.

"M-Me too…" Nodoka stuttered.

"I'll go as well," Chizuru said with a smile.

"R-Really Chizu-nee?" Natsumi asked. "Does that mean you have som—"

"A woman must always think about her future Natsumi-chan," Chizuru interrupted with a slight blush, but a smile that Ayaka and Natsumi knew meant that pain may befall them if they try to contradict anything.

"O-Of course Chizu-nee!" Natsumi squeaked.

"Go for it you four!" Yuna cheered.

"Not that way Nodoka!" Haruna called out as she accidentally turned to the left.

"I got fifty yen on Makie!" Misa yelled.

"I've got a hundred yen on Iincho!" Fuuka shouted.

"Put a hundred fifty yen on Chizuru-aru!" Ku announced.

"Gohan-san, who did think will win?" asked Negi.

Gohan put his fingers on his chin as he pondered. He saw all four contestants and felt some bad intentions were coming from them except from one: Nodoka. "I guess I would go with Nodoka-san."

"Why?" Misa asked.

"Call it a feeling that I have," Gohan said with his usual smile.

"Aniki, Sakurazaki is missing," Chamo whispered making sure no one heard him.

"Huh?" Negi asked and quickly looked around. "You're right…"

Huhuhu…I feel bad for Makie-san, Miyazaki-san and Chizu-nee, but for one such as I who is trained in the various forms of martial arts, this won't even be a challenge! Ayaka thought seriously. Now to use my ultimate technique! Yukihiro Ayaka Style: The skill of seeing with the mind's eye of love!

This powerful, mysterious technique allowed Ayaka to not only locate where she was, but where her goal was. In other words, she peeked.

"Target acquired! I'm going for it!" Ayaka announced and made a dash straight for the stone.

"Ah! What's that?" Makie asked opening her left eye reflexively. "That's not fair Iincho!"

"That's not fair! You peeked didn't you?" Makie yelled as she ran with her and had one eye open.

"Hohoho! I would do no such thing! This is to ensure the success of the love between me and a certain teacher's who name starts with an 'N'," Ayaka denied.

"I had no idea you felt that way about Nitta-sensei Ayaka-chan." Chizuru giggled as she followed them with her left eye slightly open.

"What?" Ayaka asked stunned. "I'm not into old men like Asuna-san Chizu-nee!"

"I heard that!" Asuna yelled angrily but blushed a bit at the comment.

"It's true anyway," the entire class said together and Asuna pouted. Asuna's pout however turned into a smirk when she saw Ayaka, Chizuru and Makie fall into a pit trap.

"Wh-What the?" Makie yelled as she tried to untangle herself from the two buxom girls.

"F-F-F-F-Frogs!" Chizuru screamed as they hopped onto her panties.

"Not again!" Ayaka screamed.

"What happened?" Yuna asked with a laugh.

"I don't know!" Ayaka screamed as Asuna helped pull her out. "Who would build a pit trap here?"

"Are you okay Chizuru-san?" Gohan asked as he picked her up and held her bridal style.

"I-I-I'm fine G-Gohan-kun…" Chizuru said, with a deep red blush.

"That's good," Gohan said with a smile. "I wouldn't want you to get hurt."

Chizuru could only stare at him dazedly and a deep blush.

"Are you okay Makie-san?" Negi asked as he helped her pull her out.

"Help me Negi-kun! These frogs are so slimy!" Makie cried and Negi finally pulled her out.

"Hold on Makie-san," Gohan called and he pulled a frog off her head. "Looks like you had an extra passenger."

"Thank you Negi-kun! Gohan-kun!" Makie cheered and grabbed both of them in a hug and she ignored the glares majority of the class was giving her. Negi didn't care about that right now though; something else was on his mind.

C-Could this have been the work of the Kansai Magic Association too? Negi thought worriedly.

"G-Goal." Nodoka sighed in relief as she grabbed the stone. Gohan jumped when he heard that.

"Nodoka-san won. What was the prize again?" Gohan asked with a deadpanned face.

"EH?" The class screeched as they facefaulted.

"The prize was money! And it's not fair Gohan-kun!" Misa shouted.

"Yeah, how would we know the others would fall into a hole?" Fuuka argued back.

"Aww…I lost-aru." Ku pouted.

Gohan let out a smile as he jumped to the love rock. He bent down to get to Nodoka's eye level and said, "Here you go Nodoka-san," Gohan said as he handed the winnings to Nodoka, who in turn accepted them.

"T-T-T-Thank you Gohan-sensei," Nodoka stuttered and bowed, trying to hold back her fear.

"I wish you the best of luck with your intended," Gohan said with his Son grin and patted on her head. "Keep up the good work and I'm sure it'll work out."

"Th-Thank you," Nodoka said with a small smile. He really is very kind and not scary like other men…

"See Honya!" Konoka giggled. "I told you Gohan-kun was very kind."

Yue eyed their new assistant teacher warily and tried to evaluate him. She couldn't deny that Gohan exhumed a great deal of warmth and security. It's like him just being there makes you feel a lot safer which she believes was perfect for helping Nodoka get over her fear of older men.

His eyes were friendly and they looked genuinely happy for Nodoka's success; he didn't show any sort of attraction to Nodoka though. She didn't really expect there to be any attraction. From what she saw, Gohan appeared to be a bit shy when it came to the ladies.

"What the hell were you doing Iincho? Are you sure this isn't some sort of divine punishment for cheating?" Asuna asked with a smirk. "Or, maybe punishment for making fun of other people's love lives?"

"W-What? I was not cheating!" Ayaka denied.

"Maybe it's because I had my eyes half open?" Makie said adopting the scratching the back of the head pose.

"Me too," Chizuru admitted.

"What kind of divine punishment is man-made?" Ayaka asked.

Sakurazaki-san…She's looking this way again, Negi thought nervously.

"Yeah, yeah. Pull yourself together and we'll go to the Otowa Waterfall," Asuna said dismissively.

"Let's hurry up Gohan-kun," Konoka said with a giggle as she held his hand which she had grabbed when she pulled him back over to Negi and Asuna.

"There really is something suspicious about her," Chamo whispered making sure no one was hearing them.

Gohan saw Negi looking at Setsuna who was also looking that way. Gohan frowned. She is making it harder for me to prove her innocence.

He continued to follow the group to the famous waterfall. "So Yue-san, which one is which?" Gohan asked.

"From right to left it is health, career and marriage," Yue explained as she still sipped on her juice. Gohan watched as majority of the class was making a mad dash to the last fall as they wanted something from the marriage one.

"The left one! The left one!" Ako cheered as she held out a cup.

"Ah! I want some too!" Fumika yelled.

"H…Hold on everyone! We should form a line…!" Ayaka scolded as she tried to cut through and get her own cup full.

"Um…Everyone…Please do not inconvenience the public…," Negi said fruitlessly.

"D…Delicious! Another cup!" Yuna cried out enjoying the drink. It was very, VERY good!

"Phew! What is this stuff?" Makie asked with a strange blush but she was enjoying the drink.

"I-It does look rather effective…Is this the taste of miracles?" Ayaka asked but for some reason she felt her vision start to turn blurry.

"If I drink a lot, maybe it'll be extra effective…" Nodoka muttered as she tried to take another step but found she couldn't walk straight.

"Sakurazaki-san is missing again," Negi noted absently as he was starting to believe Chamo over Gohan.

"H-Hey Aniki! This looks really bad!" Chamo shouted looking at the girls.

"It seems they are all dead drunk," Yue stated with a sweat drop.

"EEEEEH?" Both Negi and Gohan screamed in shock.

"Get a hold of yourself Iincho!" Asuna said and tried to wake said girl.

"How did that happened?" asked Negi. Gohan looked around to see if there was any guilty person. He put his hand on Negi's shoulder to calm him down.

"Negi-san, check the top and see why these girls are drunk," commanded Gohan. Negi nodded. He went to the roof.

"There's sake on top of the waterfalls!" Negi told Gohan when he checked the top. "Who would do such a thing…?"

"Is that wine I smell?" an elderly sensei from Mahora asked.

"Ahh! Nitta-sensei, Naruhiko-sensei! Wine? Where? The class… they're just… they're very tired! You know, long day and all that…," Asuna stumbled to find an excuse, covering for her class.

Yue was slapping the hell out of Ayaka trying to get her up, muttering, "Iincho, please wake up! If this gets out, they'll shut down the field trip and expel the lot of us!"

Meanwhile, the other students were helping the drunk ones. Gohan stood back, watching the scene. He turned up to see Setsuna on the same roof as the sake bottle. His eyes turned serious. He started to question his own gut feeling, but that wasn't like him. What would Dad do in this situation? the demi-saiyan wondered.

"Okay everyone let's drag the tired girls on the bus and take them back to the hotel. We don't want to cause a worse scene here folks!" Gohan commanded.



* * *



Later that day...

"It has to be that Sakurazaki doing this!" Chamo shouted. He, Negi and Gohan were in the lounge of the hotel; Negi was sitting on the bench with Chamo on his shoulders, while Gohan was leaning against the vending machines.

"I really don't think it is her," Gohan said defending the girl. "So don't go on assuming things Chamo-san."

"Negi! Gohan!" Asuna called as she entered the room. "We put the drunk girls in their rooms so they can sleep, but tell me what is going on here." So Negi got into explaining what has happened and what he is going to do there. Gohan decided to stay out of the conversation. "So there's this weird magic association from Kansai attacking us?"

"Hai."

"Magic disasters seem to follow you everywhere, Negi!"

"I'm sorry, Asuna-san."

"So now you're gonna ask me for my help, right? Ok! I'll lend you a little bit of my strength, unlike someone here who has yet to say anything," she said, shooting a glance at the dark-haired boy who didn't have any input on the situation. Gohan flinched when he saw her evil stare. He scratched the back of his neck in nervousness. He really didn't have to say anything.

"I'm guessing that it's that Sakurazaki that is a spy from Kyoto" Chamo stated.

"Eh? Sakurazaki, a spy?" Asuna said, shocked. "Well from what I heard she was a childhood friend of Konoka, but I have never really seen them talking to each other."

"If they were childhood friends that means…" Chamo started.

"Wait I got something here," Negi said taking out his roster from his bag. "It's says Kyoto under her name right here!"

"So she must be from Kyoto after all!" Chamo said, getting the book and staring at it. "There's no doubt about it! She is an assassin sent by the Kansai Magic Association!"

Gohan had enough as he got off from the vending machine, walked over to where Chamo was at and stared at the ermine with serious intent. "Listen here Chamo-san. You are my friend, but I do not like it when you accuse others without evidence. I still believe that she is innocent, even if I have to prove it," said Gohan. He then backed away from the scared ermine and walked away from the group. "I'm going to take the bath, you should take one too Negi." He said walking away.

"What was that about?" Asuna wondered.

"Gohan-san thinks Sakurazaki-san is innocent and is willing to defend her to a great length as you have seen," Negi replied frowning. "I wonder why he defends her so much?" Asuna also frowned and thought along the same lines, but in a totally different aspect.

Why is he willing to go so far for someone he doesn't even know too well? She may be the enemy yet he is willing to help her…will he be willing to go that far for me? WAIT WHAT? Where the hell did that thought come from? Just think about Takahata-sensei! Asuna repeated the mantra in her head as she walked away. "Negi, we'll talk when we have free time." She then took a whiff of the boy. "And Gohan is right, you do need a bath." Negi laughed, embarrassed that he smelled.

Damn it Chamo-san, it really is hard to change your mind, Gohan thought as he sat in the open air bath. He ran a hand through his soaked dark hair. Sakurazaki-san isn't making it easy either. She coincidentally appears where the accidents occur and it makes her look suspicious. But I know I am right, I just know she isn't in the wrong here.'

His thoughts were interrupted when he heard someone open the door. "Must be another teacher," he said under his breath. He turned around, but then hid behind a rock. Inside the bath with him was a naked Setsuna. Sakurazaki-san! Gohan turned wide-eyed, What is she doing here?

"Hmm. If Negi-sensei is a mage I will need to take action. But I wonder what Gohan-sensei is? If I don't find out, I won't be able to prepare for what's ahead," Setsuna pondered as she paused in her bath. Gohan flinched. She knows that Negi-san is a mage! How is that possible, unless… before Gohan could finish that thought, his stomach betrayed him once again by letting out a very loud grumble. "Who's there? Show yourself!"

Ah crap, why does my stomach always betray me? Gohan thought. He was about to tell her to stop and that he wasn't a threat when he heard.

"Shinmei-Ryuu Secret Technique: Zanganken (Stone Cutting Technique)!" Gohan's eyes widened. What? Gohan ducked as the blade cut the rock above him. What kind of technique was that? But before he could process the attack, Gohan had to dodge another attack coming from Setsuna.

Darn, Gohan said to himself, why does this feel like déjà vu? I need to finish this before this gets out of hand…again. Gohan proceeded to dodge another attack and jumped in the air. Gohan stayed in mid-air as he collected some his ki into his hand. But instead of forming the usual ki balls, Gohan was collecting as minimal as possible. He then pushed his hands forward, creating a large gust of wind that made the water have large waves.

This had caught Setsuna by surprise but luckily she was able to dodge it. Once on safe ground, she looked up and saw a figure in the sky. At first, she thought about who could fly in the air but she couldn't see the figure clearly. She then readied her next technique, infusing electric energy into her blade.

"Interesting," muttered Gohan as he put on a smile. He wanted to know more about this sword style since Future Trunks only taught him one style in order to be prepared against armed opponents. He readied himself against the unknown technique as he channeled ki into his arms and legs to block the incoming attack.

Setsuna charged forward and shouted the move's name: "Raimeiken!" Once she brought down the sword, an electric current was sent towards Gohan's position. Gohan prepared himself and blocked the attack with ease but with a little difficulty since this was the first time facing such a technique.

He brushed off the attack and realized something about the attack. These attacks are ki-based! Gohan put a smirk on his face. Maybe I shouldn't do this but I want to test her skills to see what I am up against. Let's see if she can block this attack. Gohan collected ki in the palms of his hands and put his hands to each of his sides. With very little energy in the ki attack, Gohan sent forward his attack with multiple low-level volleys of ki balls.

Setsuna saw the attack coming and prepared herself defensively. I can block this attack! However, Setsuna's eyes widened as the attacked grew and grew from a few balls to many. The ki balls were approaching fast. She closed her eyes and thought of her end. "I'm sorry Ojo-sama," Setsuna said with a tear.

"Kuso! She's not blocking," Gohan said. Gohan phased and appeared in front of Setsuna. He turned face forward to the attack. He clenched his fists and let out a yell to expel some ki to form a shield. The volleys came and upon hitting the shield, they immediately disappeared.

Setsuna decided to open her eyes when she didn't immediately feel pain. She saw her teacher, Gohan-sensei, appear out of nowhere and forming a shield? Who was this guy? "Gohan-sensei?"

"Che, and here I thought the fight was going to last longer…" Gohan said as he turned his head towards where Setsuna was. "You know Sakurazaki-san, you could have easily dodged or blocked that move. They were all aiming at the same spot. I know you could do it since the attacks were ki-based."

"Gohan-sensei I didn't mean to attack you, I'm sorry," Setsuna said bowing.

"Don't worry about it, Sakurazaki-san. I should have stopped you after the first attack, but I wanted to see more of this sword style that you were using. And…" Gohan quickly turned his head around, with his back facing her and blushed hard. "I think we should continue our talk after we get some towels."

"Huh?" was Setsuna's smart reply. She then looked down to see herself naked, and Gohan naked as well. She blushed and immediately grabbed her sword to strike him down, but Gohan put his hand on the sword. As a result, his body was close to hers. He covered her mouth as he turned his head towards all directions to make sure there wasn't a person or an ermine waiting around.

"We will not make a scene okay, Sakurazaki-san?" he said as he held her against his body. She nodded, blushing harder at the closeness. Gohan let go off her and shyly ran toward the rack to get a towel. He needed to be quick, especially if another teacher where to come in right now. If his mom found out, she would skin him alive and then beat him with the legendary frying pan. As Gohan was left to his thoughts, Setsuna grabbed a towel as well but didn't say much, considering the situation that they were just in.



* * *



Author's note: Yay! Another chapter completed. Hope you enjoyed it. I know that there isn't a lot of action going on right now but I think the next chapter will make up for it. After it is prelude to the battle that lies ahead. For those who are confused on Gohan's attack, I drew inspiration from a good DBZ video game. If you have played DBZ Budokai Tenkaichi 2 and 3, you know there is that attack. I think it's called Full Throttle Volley or something like that. Anyways, I wanted to give a shout out to these new reviewers:

Teddypro - RyumaOmega - black-ace-rockman - reven228 - SonicAnime2010

Thank you for your reviews. And thank you everyone else. Keep on bringing these reviews! Have a good week everyone! Peace!





*Chapter 4*: Pursuit!


			Disclaimer: See chapter 1 for details.

Author's note: Hey everybody! Hope you guys are enjoying your week. Thank you for all the reviews coming in. Please send in more. I really enjoying reading them as some of the suggestions that you guys mention might come later in the story. I want to give a shout out of THANK YOU SO MUCH to jazzzz and naidoka1992 who are beta-read this chapter. They are awesome. Now I present chapter 4 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 4: Pursuit! Rescue the Princess Son Gohan!

"I'm sorry for attacking you sensei," Setsuna said as she and Gohan reentered the onsen appropriately covered.

"I should be the one saying sorry Setsuna-san," Gohan apologized. "I shouldn't have led you on thinking I was an enemy. That and put us in a very awkward situation, which will never leave the onsen, right?"

Setsuna nodded. "Gohan-sensei, I wanted to ask you. How do you know how do ki attacks?"

Gohan flinched. Maybe I shouldn't have shown too much. "I am a martial artist and I learned a great deal about ki from Piccolo-san, my sensei."

"I see," Setsuna said. Gohan let a sigh of relief. He didn't want Setsuna to dive more into the subject. He was going to have to tell her and Negi who he really was.

They got near the water when the two saw Negi sitting down. "Hey Negi-san! Finally taking a bath I see," Gohan quipped.

"Gohan-san I was looking for you," Negi said from water. He stood up to face his assistant when he saw him with Setsuna. Negi got out his wand and pointed it at Setsuna. "Get away from her Gohan-san."

"Yeah! She's a spy from the Kansai Magic Association!" Chamo shouted as he landed on Negi's head.

"That's not true, sensei!" Setsuna shouted at the ermine and boy.

"What's not true? You better fess up we're on to you!" Chamo insisted.

"Chamo-san, if you let her talk she would be able to explain everything to us," Gohan sighed.

"Hai. I am not your enemy. I, Sakurazaki Setsuna, am an ally to senseis."

"Eh!" Negi and Chamo both exclaimed.

"What do you mean by that?" Negi asked.

"I am Konoka-ojou-sama's…" Setsuna was interrupted by a scream coming from the changing rooms.

"Is that?" Gohan asked.

"That scream, its Konoka-san!" Negi said.

"Konoka-oujo-sama?" Setsuna asked worriedly. "Could the Kansai Magic Association be on the move to capture Konoka-ojou-sama right now?"

"Ojou-sama?" the three males kept wondering why she called Konoka that.

"Ojou-sama!" Setsuna rushed out the onsen with her nodachi in handy.

"A little impulsive ain't she?" Gohan commented as he too followed her out.

"Gohan-san, Setsuna-san, wait for me!"

The trio reached the changing rooms and opened it, only to see Asuna and Konoka being stripped by monkeys. "Negi what the hell are these monkeys doing to our clothes," Asuna screamed trying to keep her clothes on. The monkeys then took off Konoka's remaining clothes, her bra and panties, leaving her stark naked on the floor.

"AHH! Se-chan, Gohan-kun, Negi-kun don't look!" Konoka cried. Gohan had the decency to look away at the moment. Gohan also felt killing intent coming from Setsuna. He saw her holding up her blade with a look of fury in her eyes. She was scary. She is giving off Mom's aura, Gohan said to himself while sweat dropping a bit.

"What are you perverted monkeys think you are doing to ojou-sama?" Setsuna threatened.

"Hey Setsuna is that a real sword?" Asuna asked surprised.

"Yes don't attack them! They're just poor monkeys," Negi stopped her from doing anything by latching himself onto her body.

"These are all just low level Shikigami! They will only turn to paper if I cut them up," Setsuna explained. A monkey had snuck up on them and stole Setsuna's towel causing her and Negi to fall. Negi was on the floor and looked up to see a good view of Setsuna's lower region. Asuna could only stare in shock at what happened.

"Hey the monkeys are getting away with Konoka!" Asuna stated pointing at the door.

Gohan dashed forward at lightning speed towards the door. Setsuna hopped from the floor and away from Negi as she also chased after the perverted monkeys. Gohan landed in front of the monkeys while Setsuna was behind them. Gohan let out a smile, knowing that Setsuna was going to take care of them. He was there to merely block the path. Setsuna readied her attack as she said, "Shinmei-Ryuu Secret Technique: Hyakuretsu Kazan (Hundred-strike Cherry Blossom Slash)!" She spun in a circle and sliced up all the monkeys, changing them back into pieces of paper. Setsuna then caught Konoka in her arms. "That was cutting it close," Gohan said frowning.

"I agree Gohan-sensei," Setsuna replied.

"Konoka-san! Are you alright?" Negi shouted as he and Asuna got closer. As he drew closer he felt a presence in the trees as did Gohan. Negi looked at the trees but saw nothing, however Gohan reacted differently. He phased out and went to the spot where he felt the person, but there was no one here. It didn't help that they were having their ki very low so that they wouldn't be able to be detected.

Damn, they got away,Gohan and Setsuna thought at the same time. "Se-chan," Konoka said from her position. The group looked down and saw her smiling at Setsuna. "I don't know what is going on but thank you Se-chan."

Setsuna blushed and promptly dropped Konoka in the water and ran away. Gohan, Negi, and Asuna gained a rather large sweat drop at the scene. "What was that all about?" Gohan asked.

"Konoka-san just who IS Setsuna-san?" Negi questioned waving his arms frantically. "Why does she call you oujo-sama?"

"Did something happen before with Sakurazaki-san?" Asuna asked.

"Hai. I rarely talked spoke about this with you Asuna. Before I came to school and lived with Asuna, I used to live in Kyoto," Konoka started. "I lived in a big mansion in the mountains. It was always so quiet and lonely. It was because it was secluded I didn't have a single friend. But one day, Kaa-san brought over some guests and along with them was a little girl. It was Se-chan. She was the very first friend I had when I was young. Even at a young age she practiced kendo, and protected me by driving away dogs and helping me when I was in danger. There was this one time I was about to drown, and she did all she can to help me out. In the end we were both saved by adults. She then started to dedicate her time with her training. She became busier and busier that I rarely got to see her. We didn't have time to talk much and then I had to move to Mahora. When it was my first year of middle school I saw Se-chan moved here too. I was happy we were able to meet again but she still didn't talk to me," Konoka said crying. "It was like I did something wrong. Se-chan wouldn't talk to me like she did before."

"Konoka-san," Gohan was about to reach out to her but she stood up.

"Asuna, let's go finish our bath okay?" she then took Asuna by the hand and dragged her away. This left a sad but curious Negi and a Gohan who wanted to question Setsuna, but also comfort Konoka.



* * *



A while later...

"Konoka-san seemed sad didn't she," Negi said as he, Gohan and Asuna walked the halls of the hotel.

"Yeah, it's a face you'd never see on Konoka," Asuna replied with her hands behind her head.

"That expression should never be on her face," Gohan said. "It just seems so…wrong." His companions agreed.

"She did seem depressed ever since we arrived in Kyoto," Asuna thought aloud. "She didn't even say anything to me. Here I thought we were closer than that. More importantly what about Sakurazaki-san? Is she really on our side?"

"I think so," Gohan said. "She helped us stop those monkeys didn't she? I really think she is on our side."

"Maybe we should ask her in person," Chamo suggested.

"We could have done that in the beginning Chamo-san," Gohan grumbled.

"We had to be cautious," Chamo shot back.

"Fine, let's just get this over with. I am hungry and exhausted," Gohan said as his stomach let out another grumble.

Asuna, Chamo and Negi sweatdropped at the grumbling noise since they knew it was Gohan. "How can you be hungry at a time like this?" asked Asuna. Gohan blushed a bit in embarrassment. He couldn't tell them that it was due to his Saiyan ancestry. Luckily he remembered that he brought the capsule that contained the refrigerator capsule.

They walked into a hallway where their students were stay. "Okay everyone it's time for bed! Get to your rooms!" Gohan said to the girls in the hall.

"Ah! Negi-sensei, Gohan-kun," Kaede greeted as she was heading to her room. Asuna's eye twitched when Kaede didn't refer to Gohan as "sensei" like she does with Negi. "You two seem worn out. Luckily it's a pretty quiet first night on the trip."

"Well the girls are passed out from the wine," Negi laughed.

"They'll be fine in the morning," Gohan said, smiling at the ninja.

"Yes but tomorrow night will be different. But there seems to be trouble brewing again. Call me if you feel you need it," she whispered to Negi. "You too Gohan-kun," she added more seductively as she passed him causing Gohan to flinch and scratch the back of his neck nervously.

"I might call you Nagase-san," Negi said enthusiastically completely oblivious to the underlying meaning of Kaede's tone.

"Hey!" Asuna grabbed Gohan by the collar of his sleeping clothes and pulled him close to her face. "What the heck was that all about?"

"What was what all about?" Gohan asked.

"Don't play dumb with me! What was with Kaede calling you 'Gohan-kun', especially with that sort of tone?" Apparently Asuna did not miss the meaning of what the two were saying.

"Well Kaede-san and I have hung out a few times, spared a bit before the trip, got to know each other especially after the twins tried to prank me. It was a very interesting first meeting though. She is a great fighter. I still don't know why she says my name like that though," Gohan said in a hushed voice. "Why, is there something wrong with it?" said a deadpanned Gohan who was totally oblivious to what was going on.

"Baka," muttered a blushed Asuna as she walked back to where Negi was.

"Well, call me if you guys are in trouble," Gohan said as he walked back to his room. In reality though, he was going to be around the corner, listening to everything that he could. If trouble comes up, he would switch to the Great Saiyaman quickly.

Negi and Asuna continued to walk through the halls and saw Setsuna setting up something on the door. "What are you doing, Sakurazaki-san?" Negi asked.

"Ah Negi-sensei, Kagurazaka-san," Setsuna said from her place on a stool. In her hand was a piece of paper she was placing over the door. "I'm placing barriers to ward of shikigami."

The group then sat in the lounge waiting for Setsuna to come over. "So Setsuna san you know Japanese magic too?" Negi asked curiously.

"Yes it compliments my swords skills," Setsuna answered as she fixed the papers on the desk. "And we can talk about this in front of Kagurazaka-san?"

"Y-Yeah, it's fine," Negi responded.

"I'm already in deep," said Asuna.

"The attacks of the enemies seem to be growing. Sooner or later Konoka-oujo-sama will be in the crossfire too. We have to come up with some countermeasure for this," Setsuna planned. "Negi-sensei, I heard you are one of the most talented Western mages, can you think of anything? The enemies seem to be getting confident since our counter attacks seem to be ineffective."

"Sorry I'm not a full one yet," Negi said embarrassedly.

"So you really are on our side huh?" Chamo said.

"Do I have to spell it out for you?" Setsuna said.

"Can you tell us more about the enemy Setsuna-san?" Negi asked.

"Hai Negi-sensei. We are going against, yin yang charm-users. They are an area subdivision within the Kansai Magic Association. Long ago they were said to be the ones who had established independent magic in Japan. Like all mages they are vulnerable when chanting their spells, very much like you Negi-sensei. Just like you have partners, they have guardians. They are spirit warriors called Onmyou God and Goki (offensive demon and defensive demons respectively). As long as their guardians are around we cannot touch the spell caster themselves."

"They sound pretty strong," Negi said.

"That is not all. They were deeply tied in with the Kyoto Shinmei-Ryuu. The organization used to protect the capital by destroying demons; they were also accompanied by the charm users making a very strong combination."

"That sounds bad for us doesn't it?" Asuna said sweat dropping.

"So does this mean the Shinmei-Ryuu is going our opponents too?" Negi asked.

"Yes you can say that," Setsuna sighed. So those guys are going to be our opponents then, Gohan said to himself as he lean against the corner wall, hearing their conversation and eating at the same time. He wanted to make sure who his opponents were. As much as he didn't like fighting, Gohan was going to face some nasty opponents but after seeing the skill level of Setsuna, he shouldn't be too worried.

"They would consider me a traitor for leaving Kyoto," Setsuna continued. "But I wanted to protect Konoka-ojou-sama and that is all that matters. As long as I can help her out I am satisfied."

"Right. Seeing as you don't really hate Konoka I'm glad. A friend of my friend is a friend right?" Asuna said.

"Kagurazaka-san."

Negi ran up and grabbed the group's arms and put them into a pile. "As of now 3-A's 'guardian angels' are formed. We will protect the group the class from the Kansai Magic Association."

Gohan smiled at the name. It sounded cool, just like Saiyaman but maybe Negi could have gone with some more cool names like the 3-A senshi or the Saiyaangels.

"We might have another attack tonight," Negi said walking outside. "I'd better get outside right now and patrol!"

"Ah, Negi, wait," said Asuna as she tried to stop Negi but to no avail.

"No, it's okay. Let's stick to protecting the groups rooms," Setsuna responded. Asuna nodded as they headed towards the rooms upstairs.

Gohan took this time to plan as well. He was going to follow Negi and see if he could help out with anything. He put away the capsule containing the refrigerator and proceeded to follow Negi as quietly as possible.

"Aniki, did you bring your cards?" Gohan heard Chamo ask when he caught up with the two as he hid around the corner.

"Yes why?" Negi said.

"If we're to believe Setsuna-ane-san's story, we may be facing a very tough enemy. I think it is a good time for me to teach you how to actually use those cards," Chamo explained.

"Huh? How to use the card? What do you mean?" asked Negi. However, Negi wasn't looking where he was going and bumped into a cart of towels. "Oh I'm so sorry let me help you out," Negi apologized as he grabbed some towels and helped the lady.

"No I should be sorry sir, I wasn't looking where I was going," the lady replied. After helping her out, Negi went on ahead. Gohan followed close pursuit without being detected by either party. However, they didn't get to hear the lady comment on how Negi was a cute little mage as monkeys appeared on her shoulder.



* * *



Asuna and Setsuna reached group five's sleeping quarters. Haruna, Nodoka and Konoka were asleep on the floor while Yue was sleeping soundly on a chair. "Well it seems like everyone fell asleep before me," Asuna said with a sweat drop.

"I'm going to patrol the hallways," Setsuna said.

"Let's switch shifts later on okay," Asuna yawned. "I'll keep a watch on Konoka."

"Thank you, I'll be going now."

"Ah who is it? Asuna?" Konoka said dazed.

"Eh? Konoka, sorry did I wake you?" Asuna asked. She was then surprised as Konoka got up. "Konoka where are you going?"

"Toilet." was the only response she got.

"Well if it is the toilet it can't be helped then."

Konoka walked towards the bathroom and opened it. She was surprised to see a giant monkey inside. "I'm still using it," the lady in the monkey costume said. She then put handkerchief on Konoka's mouth drugging her. "Just kidding!" she dragged Konoka into bath room and shut it.

A few minutes had passed since Konoka had gone to the bathroom, and Asuna was getting worried. "She's taking pretty long time in the bathroom."

"I have to use the bath room too," Yue said walking out of the room with her. "Hey Konoka are you done yet?"

"Sorry still using it!" Konoka replied from the bathroom.

Setsuna then came bustling into the room. "Kagurazaka-san, where is Konoka-ojou-sama?"

"She's in the bathroom," Asuna said. She was trying to help Yue control her bladder, because at this point she was basically doing the funky chicken.

"How long has it been?"

"Ten minutes" Yue said struggling. "We both drank from the spring earlier, just please make her hurry up."

"Konoka you arein there right?" Asuna asked knocking on the door.

"I'm still using it," came the reply.

"Konoka-san, whatever you are doing, hurry up! I can't hold on much longer!" Yue said banging on the door.

"I'm still using it." Yue face faulted. She knocked on the door again, her eyes filled with anime tears. The same phrase was said.

"I'm approaching my limit…" Yue mumbled towards the door.

"Something doesn't seem right," Setsuna said.

"I agree," Asuna well agreed. They heard the door bang, and saw that Yue had kicked it open. Inside was just a seal that kept repeating 'I'm still using it'.

"We've been had!" "W-wh-what do we do!"

"I DON'T CARE WHAT THE HELL YOU GIRLS DO! JUST GET LET ME USE THE DAMN BATHROOM!" Yue shouted kicking the two girls out of the room.



* * *



"So, that's how the card works," Chamo finished explaining.

"It's amazing. I can use it to: communicate telepathically with my partner, summon her from far away, and invoke my partner's abilities and tools. That's really something," Negi said, reiterating what Chamo had just explained earlier.

"Let's test it out aniki," Chamo said happily.

"Okay, I think I'll talk to Asuna-san telepathically," Negi chirped with as much enthusiasm. He really is just a kid, Gohan thought. "Hello Asuna-san? How come I can't hear her voice?" At that moment Negi's actual cell phone went off.

"Negi we got trouble! Konoka's been kidnapped! What should we do?" Asuna said… no shouted into the receiver.

"What mage uses a cell phone," Chamo cried with anime tears.

"Wait, Konoka-san has been kidnapped," Gohan muttered with a shock in his face. How was that possible? Why couldn't he feel the ki, unless… Gohan's thoughts were interrupted when he felt the unknown ki approaching.

"Aniki, what's that?" Chamo asked pointing at the oncoming figure shadowing the moon. The figure landed with a crash and revealed to be the giant monkey costume from before. In her hands was Konoka.

"Konoka-san!" Negi yelled.

"It's been fun, little wizard-san," the monkey lady said. "Anyone ever tell you you're cute?" She then jumped off into the night holding Konoka, but didn't leave without giving him presents. She left monkey shikigami to handle Negi.

"Get back here with Konoka-san! Ras Tel Ma Scir MMMFF" Negi was interrupted as he chanted. However, Negi was able to kick the monkeys off as Asuna and Setsuna had arrived right after the monkey lady left. "She got away."

"We gotta go after her," Setsuna said with a determined voice. Negi and Asuna nodded in agreement as they went running towards the direction where the monkey lady was heading. Gohan, meanwhile, saw everything from a corner.

"It's hero time," he muttered as he slid up his sleeve to reveal his special watch. He pressed a button and immediately changed into the Great Saiyaman. He then flew up in the air and pursued the group.



* * *



"Heh heh heh," the monkey lady chuckled. "Western wizards aren't any big deal! Capturing Konoka-ojou-sama was a snap. As it stands, when I bring back Konoka-ojou-sama, the Kansai Magic Association will be very pleased."

"Wait!" Negi shouted as they saw the monkey lady running.

"Grr," the monkey lady growled. "I hate people who don't know when to give up."

"Quickly she's escaping into the station!" Asuna shouted. As they ran over the railing of the station Asuna also took note of something strange. "Hey I know it's really late and all, but shouldn't there be at least some staff and passengers here?"

"There is a warding charm on the walls. No ordinary person would be able to get inside this place without them," Setsuna explained. The rest of the group then slid into the carriage the monkey lady went into.

"Well it looks like they caught up, let's see you handle this," the monkey lady said. "Talisman-san, Talisman-san. Help me escape!" She then threw a charm in front of her as the carriage door closed. Water started to flow out of the charm and filled the carriage.

"Can't breathe!" Negi gurgled out as he struggled against the water.

I can't swing my sword like this, Setsuna thought. I guess I'm still not strong enough to protect Konoka-ojou-sama. "Don't give up!" a voice screamed that boomed throughout the cart. Everyone opened their eyes to figure out where the voice came from. The voice though sounded familiar, but it was good enough for Setsuna to snap back into reality. An image of Konoka drowning in the river flashed through her mind. Setsuna's eyes opened with determination. This was not going to stop her from rescuing Konoka. She prepared her sword and said, Zankusen! She swung her sword sending a spiral Ki attack at the door. The attack hurled towards the door sending it spiraling off the hinges, and releasing the water and themselves onto the next station. "Now hand over Konoka-ojou-sama," Setsuna threatened as she got up, along with the rest of them.

"You guys are pretty good, but I'm not giving back Konoka-ojou-sama," the monkey woman said before bolting away. The group gave chase. Up in the air, a figure was watching over what was happening, waiting for his moment to come in.

"Setsuna what are you not telling us?" Asuna asked.

"The truth is there were some sects within the Kansai Magic Association that did not approve of Konoka-ojou-sama leaving for Mahora. It is likely that they intend to use Konoka-oujo-sama's power to take control of the Kansai Magic Association," Setsuna said. "The headmaster and I underestimated them. We did not expect them to kidnap her during a school trip. They are also not above hiring others to do their dirty work, that is why it seems they are getting more forceful," she explained.

"Look! Another talisman to try and keep us out," said Negi.

"Someone's been planning this crime from every angle," Asuna said.

"Not while I'm around!" With that response, Setsuna sped off fast.

"Hey Setsuna wait up!" Asuna shouted as she and Negi increased their speed too. They jumped over the ticket railing thing and up the stairs to see the lady Negi had bumped into earlier. "Eh she took off the suit!"

"That's right, but that is as far as you go!" the monkey woman said. "I'll have you deal with the third of my charms." She then threw the charm and it exploded into flames creating the kanji for great (dai). "Those flames will ward off any normal person. This is goodbye."

"MASENKO HAAAAA!" Suddenly a yellow ki beam crashed from the sky to blast away the fire. Everyone stood surprised, including the monkey lady.

"What the…!" the monkey lady said.

Negi, Setsuna and Asuna were about to say the same thing when they saw another figure before them. Two pieces of white cloth were floating along with the wind, sunglasses glinting with the artificial lighting. A green vest wore on top of a black body suit, wearing white gloves and white boots. "Evildoer, prepare to be stopped!" said the figure. "For I am…" the figure then started to a series of poses that caused Asuna and Setsuna to sweatdrop. He continued his cool poses until he reached his final pose which as like a disco dance step, "…the Great Saiyaman!" Gohan put on a smile. Totally nailed it. Everyone is left speechless!

The monkey lady, Asuna, Chamo, and Setsuna were sweatdropping at the sight of his pose except for one Negi Springfield. "That was so cool!" As any ten year old would say.

The monkey lady was about to turn purple and started to laugh hard. "W-What are you? A comedian?"

Gohan smirked. "Your insults have no effect on me evildoer. I am here to get back that young lady, Konoka-san, who I hear that she is from Gohan-sensei and Negi-sensei's class."

Negi, right then and there, literally light up with sparkles all over his face. A superhero knew his name! He needed to get an autograph from this man. However, the time for that would come later. Right now, they needed to rescue Konoka.

"I won't let you get away with her. Konoka-san is a student and precious person!"Gohan shouted as he got into a battle stance. "Negi-san, hope you are ready for this!"

Negi nodded as he got into a battle stance, but this time with the pactio card.

"Activate the contract for 180 seconds for Kagurazaka Asuna!" An aura of energy had surrounded Asuna making her glow a white light.

"Asuna-san, Negi-san, Setsuna-san let's go" Gohan said as he raced to the monkey lady. The other two following him shortly afterwards.

He extinguished my fire so easily. What is he? And that light…is she one of those partners that western mages have?' the monkey lady thought.

"Asuna I'm going to give you an artifact. It's a giant blade weapon only you can use," Negi said.

"Alright give it to me!"

"Potentium excelgias Kagurazaka Asuna." Another light appeared in Asuna's hands and started to take shape. She was sadly disappointed however, because instead of a sword she got a fan.

"Hey Negi, this is an ordinary paper fan," Asuna said.

"That's funny."

"Guys this isn't the time to be fooling around," Gohan shot back still going towards the monkey lady.

"Alright there is no helping it" Asuna, Setsuna and Gohan attacked, but were stopped when the monkey costume and two more appeared. One looked like a giant plush bear the other a lion. The monkey block Asuna's fan, while the bear did the same with Setsuna. The lion grabbed Gohan's arm and held him. "Eh they can move?"

"Kagurazaka-san, Saiyaman-san, be careful. They may look weak but they hide great strength," Setsuna said.

"My minions are strong, you will never get passed them," the monkey lady said hauling Konoka over her shoulder.

"Konoka!" Asuna swung and banished the monkey suit.

"You think that this will stop me," Gohan said. He grabbed the lion's arm and flipped him over onto the floor. Gohan proceeded to curb stomp the lion out of existence with a foot to the face.

"I don't know what is happening but you two can go ahead. Leave the bear to me," Asuna said to Gohan and Setsuna. "You two go after Konoka!" The bear seemingly sweatdrop at the announcement.

"You got it Asuna-san!" Gohan said as he and Setsuna ran up the stairs. That's when he sensed someone charging at them. He dodged to the side and was going to let Setsuna handle the other person.

Setsuna, without realizing that someone was coming until the last second, unexpectedly crashed into a blond girl in a Gothic lolita dress. Both girls went flying in different directions. Gohan continued to charge at the monkey woman. He jumped in the air, ready to take down the monkey lady when all of the sudden he felt a pain in his abdomen.

He looked down to see a white haired boy with an open palm blasted into his stomach and with a slight cough of blood, Gohan went flying backwards and crashing into a wall. "Hey new guy! You weren't supposed to be here!" The monkey woman whispered harshly.

"My apologies," the boy said monotonously. "I had sensed a power far greater than expected and came to investigate."

He turned his head towards where he had knocked Gohan back. "It seems my worries were unjustified." But suddenly, at the sound of the small debris falling off to the ground, the pile was engulfed in a bright light. Everyone covered their eyes to block the bright light and once it had died down, they saw that the pile of debris was nowhere to be found; only to see the Great Saiyaman, standing firm before his opponent. "Very interesting."

Gohan meanwhile looked sternly at his new opponent. Damn this guy came out of nowhere, he said to himself. I didn't even feel his ki. I better get serious or else Konoka-san will be taken away. Gohan clenched his fists and crosses his arms. As he brought his arms down, a white aura appeared around him, causing some eyebrows to go up.

The boy jumped back with the monkey woman. "Get up Tsukiyomi," the boy said sternly. "A Shinmeiryuu should not be knocked down so long." The girl got up and dusted herself off. In her hand were a dagger and a short sword. "Owwie. I think I hurt my head. Hello nice to meet you, I'm from the Shinmei-Ryuu! My name is Tsukuyomi!" She turned to Setsuna, "You must be my senpai. But I have been assigned to protect her so I have to take this seriously."

"You'll get hurt if you underestimate her. Well I'll leave things to you Tsukuyomi-chan," the monkey lady said smirking.

She did bring a Shinmeiryuu to protect her! This is bad! Setsuna thought nervously as Great Saiyaman appeared next to her which surprised her.

"Setsuna-san, I know that you can win. But once you get Konoka-san, I want you to take her, Negi-san and Asuna-san as far away as possible," Gohan explained.

Setsuna looked at him in shock and said, "No way, I'm going to stay here and defeat everyone who thought that they could harm ojou-sama."

"Listen Setsuna-san, the white haired boy is no push over," Gohan said in a stern voice. "I don't think I can hold back much of my power. But if that happens, I don't want you or anyone else in the crossfire."

"I am not a weakling that needs protection Saiyaman-san," Setsuna responded.

Gohan let out a smile. "I know Setsuna-san, that is why I am handing you the responsibility of getting Konoka-san back. You have a goal and will fight to your last breathe to achieve it. I know you can do it." Setsuna stood in surprise. She had just met the Great Saiyaman for a few minutes and for some reason, she felt very safe around him. Setsuna smiled and nodded as she went towards the direction of Tsukuyomi and the monkey lady. Gohan in the meantime stared down the white haired boy.

"Oh brave words from someone who was knocked down so easily," the boy said with a hint of amusement.

"You only caught me off guard, but now I am ready!" Gohan went into his fighting stance and expanded his ki aura around him.

"A simple power up will not work against me," the boy said calmly. He then dashed towards Gohan's position. Within moments, the boy reached his opponent, and without hesitation the white haired boy pulled his left fist back and sent it in a hook straight at his opponent's face. It was then when he felt it, the true nature of the Great Saiyaman's power. His fist hit nothing but air as it passed through an afterimage. The white haired boy wasn't even aware of it till he felt his fist hit nothing. He gasped in shock, flying through the afterimage and coming to a skidding stop.

"You so sure about that?" Gohan asked from behind him as he nearly cut the boy's head off. The boy easily dodged it, but couldn't understand what just happened. He was positive that Saiyaman had not moved and he didn't sense any clones. How did he get behind him? It was clear he was no ordinary fighter.

"Confused? Then let me explain!" Gohan said as he kicked the boy in the stomach to send him flying in the air. Gohan jumped in the air to follow the boy, but stopped when he saw the white haired boy turn around in mid-air. The boy quickly gave a palm to the chest that pushed Gohan back all the way to the ground. Gohan watched the boy fly up until he reached an edge to stand on, before getting to his feet and following him. "I am the Great Saiyaman, a hero with super powers!"

"Interesting," the boy replied. "If you have powers, care to demonstrate them." Suddenly, the boy disappeared from sight and immediately hit Gohan hard at the rib cage. He was sent flying towards the ground, causing a crater to be formed. Everyone looked for a moment at the crater to see what had happened. Once they saw Gohan get up, they immediately returned to what they originally were doing.

As he stood up, Gohan coughed up some blood. "Man, I haven't been hit that hard for a while now," the demi-saiyan muttered. "This guy might prove to be a bit of a challenge for me in my normal state." He flew up to the sky and clashed fists with the white haired boy.

As the fight between the boy and Gohan continued, Setsuna stared down her opponent, Tsukuyomi. "Shall we begin?" Tsukuyomi asked. "Please go easy on me." She went to attack Setsuna.

She then went on the offensive and kept doing multiple stabs at Setsuna, which she had to parry out the way. "Zanganken!" Tsukuyomi brought her sword into an upward cut breaking the tiles. Setsuna jumped away to avoid being hit. To counter attack she did the same move as the two swords collided, causing some of the tiles and walls to break apart.

They went on and kept attacking each other. Setsuna went for a slash to her arm and she went for a slash at her legs. They both blocked. They moved around the staircase as they kept fighting, their attacks causing collateral damage to the area. Setsuna had to dodge a close cut to the chest by ducking under it but got kicked in the face sending him to the wall.

She then charged forward again and brought her swords down, while Setsuna was on her knees bringing her blades up causing them to go into a deadlock. Tsukuyomi was smiling as Setsuna instead was scowling. She struggled to keep Tsukuyomi from overpowering her in the deadlock.

In the sky, the boy and Gohan continued to exchange punches. Once they hit each other across the face, the two of them put some distance between them. Gohan was still in the air, while the white haired boy stood on one of the beams in the station. Taking a deep breath the boy calmly looked at Gohan and smirked.

"I see...you are indeed more troublesome than we had accounted for. That's why you need to be eliminated." The boy just smiled and Gohan heard a whistling sound from behind him. He turned around just in time to get impaled by a stone spear that sent him crashing to the ground.

"Saiyaman-san!" Setsuna cried out in horror as she fought the Shinmeiryuu Tsukiyomi. Damn, she's better than she looks!

The boy looked at the ground to see if Gohan had survived the attack. Once the dust was cleared away, there was no sign of a body. The boy of course was surprised to see Gohan all of the sudden in front of him. Gohan then kneed the boy in the stomach and then delivered an uppercut to his face. "What's your name anyway? And, you too monkey lady! It is rude for a villain not to give their name."

"As you are the first person to ever deliver an injury much less so many, I shall allow you to call me Fate Averruncus," Fate said calmly.

"Tch. You don't need to know my name!" The lady said.

"Why doesn't he Chigusa-san?" Tsukiyomi asked.

"Stupid…" Chigusa muttered.

"Well Fate, I guess that means I might have to go serious," Gohan said as he brought back his white aura. "So if you don't mind that we finish this early, I am kind of hungry. I'll be taking Kono—"

Gohan was cut off when Fate punched him in the face and then used a stone spear to stab him in the shoulder followed up by a powerful open palm punch to the stomach.

Gohan went flying and slammed hard into the wall; Fate appeared in front of him and jabbed his elbow into Gohan's chest. Gohan cried out in pain as he slumped to the floor. "You are a danger," Fate said simply. "You must be taken care of."

"Stone-Cutting Sword!" Tsukiyomi declared as she struck Setsuna down.

"Sakurazaki-san! Great Saiyaman!" Asuna called out only to be tackled by a bunch of monkey shikigami! "What the heck is this? Even more monkeys?"

"Finish that weird new guy and we'll be on our way," Chigusa said proudly. "We are only dealing with an amateur middle school student, an apprentice swordsman and a wannabe superhero after all."

"Ras Tel Ma Scir Magister!" A forgotten voice called out.

"She put Konoka-san down!" Chamo said. "Now's your chance."

"Eleven spirits of air! Become the bonds which bind the enemy!"

"Ah crap! I forgot about the brat!"

"Too late! Magic Projectile: Wind Arrows of Binding!" Negi declared as eleven arrows of wind appeared and shot instantly towards Chigusa.

"AHH! Someone help me!" Chigusa cried as she grabbed Konoka to use as a shield.

"Ah!" Negi cried in surprise. "Diverge!"

And, just a couple inches from Konoka's face the arrows of wind shot up and away harmlessly. "Ara?" Chigusa muttered in surprise.

"P…Please let go of Konoka-san!" Negi pleaded unhappily. "This isn't fair!"

"Ha! I see…I know your type…" Chigusa said with a pleased smile. "You're too weak…You'll back off as soon as it looks like the hostage is going to get even slightly injured…Ho! Hohohoho! Well, this girl certainly came in handy!" Chigusa laughed as she threw Konoka over her shoulder and smacked her bottom. "I should just keep using her like this!"

Asuna was grabbed by Yuuki and held up in the air. "What…What are you planning to do with Konoka?" Asuna gasped out.

"Well…I guess we'll use drugs and spells to control her…" Chigusa said thoughtfully. "She'll be no more than a puppet who listens to our very word…It'll be great!"

"What—" Negi began.

"—did you—" Asuna added.

"—just say?" Setsuna finished furiously!

"WHAT DID YOU SAY?" Gohan screamed above everyone else suddenly and everyone shivered at the killing intent. "NO ONE DOES THAT TO MY FRIENDS! I WILL NEVER LET YOU GET AWAY WITH THAT!" Gohan's head shot up as he screamed, releasing all the anger that he had built up. His hands balled to fists at his side and clenched them hard. He put himself in a horse stance that caught the attention of Chigusa and Fate. Suddenly the ground started to shake and pieces of the pavement started to crack and rise up into the air.

Chigusa watched first in question and then in complete shock and utter horror. The man's energy, his power. . .she could feel it. Actually FEEL IT! Raging uncontrollably. A power hundreds of times greater than her own. Greater than ANYONES!

Negi, Asuna, Tsukuyomi and Setsuna stopped in their tracks as the ground began to shake violently! Their opponents as well as soon as all of them heard someone yell furiously. All of them turned their attention to Gohan who was screaming. The shaking seemed to be emanating from HIM! Small rocks began to levitate from the ground! The walls of the station started to crack. The windows in the vicinity were also shattering as well. Bolts of lightning were scattering across the place! It seemed like the world was coming to an end!

A blinding light flashed and the shaking increased. A shock wave of energy almost sent everyone except for Fate flying from where they were before towards on the ground. Fate stood still, watching as Gohan was doing something incredible. It was catching his interest. The light subsided but the shaking continued, though not as violently.

As the light went away, everyone opened their eyes to see something amazing. Where Gohan had once stood, now there stood a man with spiky blonde hair with two yellow bangs, one large and one small, in front of his face. His eyebrows were dyed blond too. A strange yellow light swirled about him and his muscles builded tenfold. His turban flew off and was burning on the ground. Gohan took off his sunglasses to reveal his green jade eyes and his face had a serious look on it. Negi, Asuna and Setsuna all stood gaping at the sight of the Great Saiyaman without knowing that it was in fact Gohan.

"Saiyaman-san…" muttered Negi.

Chigusa was shaking with fear. She never felt a power like that ever. It was an incredible power. "W-who or what are you?" she stuttered, trembling in fear.

Gohan was stern in his response as he spoke, "That doesn't matter. I'm going to stop you, here and now! No one hurts my friends!" He expelled more ki which caused the aura around him to grow.

"I am afraid that you will not have a chance to stop her," Fate said seemingly unbothered by the killing intent as he caused a stone spear to impale him again.

Except, Gohan was able to catch the spear without even looking at it. "Out of my way," Gohan said as he picked Fate up by his face and smashed it into the wall causing him to dispel into water.

Gohan didn't care about the Water Clone as he turned his attention to Chigusa and her gang. He then appeared in front of Yuuki and cutted him in half faster than anyone could blink using only his forearm.

Before Asuna could process what just happened Gohan was already on top of the stairs and kicked Tsukiyomi away from Setsuna. As Tsukiyomi went flying, Gohan phased out and then reappeared in front of the girl, holding out his hand. In his hand there came out a ball of yellow ki that slammed the girl into the ground.

Gohan then returned to where Setsuna was at while at the same time looking around for Fate. Suddenly giant stone pillars came flying down at him from across the room, but Gohan simply stood there and caught them. "Are you okay Setsuna-san?" Gohan asked calmly and she could only stare at him in disbelief. Who is this guy? Setsuna thought. The only response that she gave to Gohan was a nod. "That's good. Now let me take care of this guy."

Fate remained as he was, with Gohan still staring at him. "What you did just now, I believe, is nothing more than a cosmetic change. You had this power earlier. As I stated before, you just did a simple power up. That will not be enough to stop me."

"We will see about that!" Gohan roared as the ground began cracking beneath him, his energy warping faster with greater intensity. Debris flew into the air. Everyone was standing in shock while Fate stood unfazed by the commotion.

With a shockwave, Fate leaned forward and shot at his opponent, hurling through the air and coming up on Gohan at an amazing speed. With a tremendous show of strength, the white haired boy pulled his right leg back and sent a roundhouse kick at his opponent, who held up his left arm and blocked it easily. The ground shook violently as the force of the colliding beings expanded outwards in one mighty burst. Fate, still unfazed at what happened, pulled back through the air a bit and withdrew his leg. Pivoting on the spot, the boy then wheeled around, bringing the same leg around in a backwards roundhouse kick. This one struck another block, this time Gohan was holding up his right arm. Failing to penetrate the warrior's defenses, Fate drew back a moment and then hurled himself at his opponent, beginning to bombard him with lightning fast, powerful attacks. He first came in with a barrage of punches, averting them to hooks and upper cuts first. Gohan blocked them all, his arms moving in faster moving blurs then Fate's fists. They were so fast that his arm movements left afterimages behind every time he moved them. The boy then turned to launching more complex combinations, using side kicks, roundhouse kicks, knees and combo punches as well as using some of his magic. But all in vain, his attacks were either all blocked or dodged by the Super Saiyan Gohan.

Despite everything thrown at him, Gohan remained standing in that same position, staring quietly. Fate dropped into a fighting stance, eyes locked firmly with his opponent. He didn't dare blink for even a moment, fearful he might miss something, what with the Gohan's incredible speed. It wouldn't help him. Suddenly Gohan pushed off the ground lightly, the young warrior suddenly hurling at his opponent at an incredible speed, but appeared in slow motion. He drifted through the air, shocking Fate a bit on his approach. Just then, before he could lock into a fight with the white haired warrior, Gohan floated around him, Fate's eyes stale and staring after him. The Super Saiyan Gohan landed right behind him and pushed off the ground hard. This propelled him straight at the white haired boy, where he sent a swift, left knee straight into Fate's face and he was knocked falling to the side, spit flying free of his mouth. It was then that Gohan dropped low really fast and sent a left upper cut straight into his gut, making Fate reel forward at the strength of the attack. Then, with a quick lift into the air, Gohan drew his right fist back and sent it at Fate's face in a powered up hook. The attack knocked Fate senseless and flying across the station, spinning out of control. Seconds later, the white haired boy struck the ground, bouncing once, then twice and then skidded across the hard surface. He jumped into the air and on top of one of the beams in the station. He was clearly battered by the attacks that Gohan had given him.

"Keeping your distance Fate?" Gohan asked but the boy did not answer him. Gohan somehow knew that Fate was holding back but Gohan didn't have time to fight him at this stage. He needed to end this! "That's fine with me! I am going to finish this fight right here and now!" Gohan then bent his knees down and put his cupped hands to the side. "KA…ME…," he cried out as blue ball was forming in his hand. "HA…ME…" Everyone, including Fate, stood in shock as they started to feel the power emanating from the blue ball. Fate was wondering how could this Gold Fighter possibly know how to do an energy attack? Who was this guy? The energy in his hand easily doubled his own. "HAAA!"

Gohan threw his cupped hands forward and out came a large blue beam of ki. It caught everyone by surprise including Fate at the size and power emanating from the beam itself. Fate scowled as he took the beam head on, engulfing him and causing a huge explosion that tore the roof of the station. Everyone stood in awe at the power. Chigusa and Tsukuyomi feared the worst. "Incredible," Negi said in awe. "Saiyaman-san, you defeated him."

"No," Gohan immediately responded. "He is still alive."

"Huh," Asuna said, "How do you know?"

Gohan lifted his finger pointing to where Fate was standing. Everyone focused their attention to the spot and saw that Fate had indeed survived. It was only thanks to the boy's stone shield that he wasn't completely torn in half and instead was only bleeding heavily in his chest and his hands as he had tried to block it; Fate couldn't keep the fear out of his eyes from that one.

"Fate-sama!" Tsukiyomi cried out and ran to intercept only for Gohan to turn to her and say, "MASENKO HAA!"

From Gohan's two combined hands above his head came out a yellow ki beam; Tsukiyomi was hit and sent away crashing to the ground before she could figure out what had happened. Gohan then landed softly in front of Chigusa. His Super Saiyan eyes gazing at her.

"Now hand Konoka-san over," Gohan demanded coldly, but all Chigusa did was hold Konoka up like a shield.

"D-Don't come any closer! Or...Or, I'll slit her throat!" Chigusa cried out as she picked up Tsukiyomi's discarded sword.

"Is that so?" Gohan said holding the sword that was in her hand not even a whole second ago. Within one second, Gohan crushed the sword with his bare hands. "I won't let you get away with th–"

Gohan didn't get to finish his statement as a large pillar of stone slammed into his back suddenly; he flew across the room. Before Gohan could get up, Fate grabbed Tsukiyomi and Chigusa, and then used the water to teleport away.

Luckily, the boy couldn't take Konoka with him though. "Damn, looks like they got away…" Gohan muttered. With that Gohan let out a sigh which caused him to detransform from the Super Saiyan state to his normal state. However, Gohan failed to realize that Negi, Asuna, and Setsuna were right there with him.

"Is that you Gohan-sensei?" Setsuna asked.

"Huh?" Gohan flinched. He forgot that they were there. "Ummm...hi everyone," Gohan said with a nervous smile. "I guess I have some explaining to do."

"I'll say!" Asuna exclaimed. "What the hell was that?" Gohan was silent in his response as he was unsure on what to say. Thankfully, Negi interrupted them.

"Never mind that," Negi said in a slightly awed voice after seeing Gohan's unbelievable display. "That monkey lady said she'd used spells and drugs on Konoka-san!"

"You don't think…?" Setsuna asked fearfully as she held Konoka. "Ojou-sama! Please get a hold of yourself Konoka-ojou-sama!"

"Nn…" Konoka groaned as she opened her eyes. "Huh…Se-chan…? Se-chan…I had a dream…I was kidnapped by some strange monkeys…But, Se-chan and Gohan-kun and Asuna and Negi-kun came to save me…"

"Thank goodness! It's alright now Konoka-ojou-sama," Setsuna said with a relieved smile and Konoka could only look at her in happy shock.

"Thank goodness…" Konoka said with a beaming smile like no one had ever seen before; the only thing that Gohan could think of comparing to was Goku's true smile. "Se-chan doesn't hate me after all."

"Eh…" Setsuna squeaked with a beat red blush. "I wanted to speak to Kono-chan as well and…"

Setsuna suddenly stopped talking as she realized what she said and turned around with a low bow, "I apologize!"

"Se-chan?" Konoka asked disheartened.

"I…I am merely thankful that I was able to protect Kono-cha—err—Konoka-ojou-sama!" Setsuna said like she was nothing but a guard. "I wish that I had been able to do that quietly from the shadows, but…uh…I'm sorry!"

Setsuna was about to run off but found she wasn't going anywhere when she ran into Gohan's chest. "Gohan-sensei!"

"You're not going anywhere Setsuna-san," Gohan said. "Anyway, all Setsuna-san is trying to say is that she is glad she could help you when she needed to, just like when you were children Konoka-san."

"Ah! Se-chan is the most dependable person I know!" Konoka agreed with a smile.

"N-No…" Setsuna tried to deny, but no one was listening as they walked out the station; she was being carried by Gohan. She had tried to run away by slipping out of her top, but found she couldn't move. Gohan was just too damn strong.

"I can't wait to spend all day tomorrow in Nara," Konoka said changing the subject. "Will you be going with our group Gohan-kun?"

She didn't even consider that Negi would go with any other group. "No thank you Konoka-san. I wanted to visit the sites on my own. I also wanted to try to interact with more of the people in class you know?"

"Aww…" Konoka said pouting at him, but he just ignored the look. Gohan, Asuna and Negi laughed together and even Setsuna cracked a small smile.

"Ah! We have to fix all of the property we destroyed!" Negi said in realization.

"Don't worry, I'm sure the Dragon Balls can fix that," Gohan said.

"Eh?" Everyone said.

"What are the Dragon Balls Gohan-san?" Negi asked.

Gohan flinched. He let out a nervous smile. "Maybe I will tell you another time. I'm pretty sure that you guys want an explanation of what happened just now right?" Everyone nodded except for Konoka who wasn't sure what they were talking about. "I'll tell you guys tomorrow morning when we get up because right now…I am starving!" His stomach let out a loud grumble.

Everyone laughed together while Gohan was blushing. Asuna, in her mind, sighed with relief. Still the same old Gohan I guess. For a moment there, I was surprised by that thing that he did before. It's good to see that he is still Gohan. Gohan let out a yawn since he was exhausted. "Today was sure a busy day though…And, it's only the first day too. I wonder who we are going to fight next."

"Y-Yeah," Negi agreed. "I wonder what's going to happen next."

"Nothing bad I hope," Asuna muttered.

Meanwhile, at the top of the buildings, Chigusa and Fate looked on Gohan and the group as they were leaving.

"That Gold Fighter is extremely dangerous," Chigusa said weakly.

"Indeed whatever he got his power from was on a level I have never even encountered before. However, he is still no match for me. I just underestimated his abilities," Fate said while Tsukiyomi rested and recuperated from her injuries. She was still unconscious due to Gohan's attack. "But it seems that in order to eliminate him, I will have to call in some help…together they might be able to win. I would rather not use my full power against such an opponent."

"I sure hope so or this whole thing would have been for nothing," Chigusa groaned.



* * *



Author's note: Hello everyone! So before you get on my ass about Gohan transforming into a Super Saiyan when got his potential unlocked by the old kai and this being after the Buu saga, let me explain a few things. First off, I am basing my transformations on a DBZ game series known as DBZ Budokai series, not the Budokai Tenkaichi series. That's a different series. If you have played the game before, then what I am about to explain will make sense. For those who haven't played it, you have a series of transformations that you can do based on your ki level. For Gohan, in the game he had Super Saiyan, Super Saiyan 2 and the elder kai unlock (basically Mystic Gohan). So I borrowed the concept of his transformations from that. Secondly, if you've watched the 13th DBZ movie "Wrath of the dragon," you must have noticed that during a fight with Hildegarn, he "transforms" into Mystic Gohan especially since his bang is on the other side of his face and his demeanor completely changes. I just wanted to get that out of the way so please don't flame me because of that. Continue to read the story. Trust me, the transformations will work really well in the story. Besides I didn't want Gohan's power to be all out all the time. It makes it more entertaining and interesting for the story. Let me know what you think. Also I want to give a shout out to new reviewers:

Wajinator - Druss the Legend - Zero H Gundam

Thanks for your reviews. Keep them coming! Peace!





*Chapter 5*: Confession!


			Disclaimer: See Chapter 1 for details.

Author's note: Hey everybody! Hope everyone had a good week! I wanted to say thank you for everyone who has left positive reviews. When I wrote Chapter 4, I was kind of nervous about how people would perceive it and luckily, mostly everyone has been giving very positive feedback. Give yourselves a pat on the back! I really like your review, Druss the Legend. Your arguments make a lot of sense. There is a power level discrepancy between DBZ and Negima but for the sake of entertainment, I am going to with the route that one of my favorite stories, Gohan's Dilemma, did. But I don't think I want to put a restrictor on Gohan just yet. Thank you for the review though.

Oh and Zero H Gundam...your comment about if this series were an anime totally made my day (I would do the same thing as well if this series were an anime). Thank you! And to LegendaryGamer, I have already asked permission from the authors just to let you know.

Also a shout out of Thanks to naidoka1992, who is beta-reading this series from now on. And now I present chapter 5 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 5: Confession! Go for it Nodoka!

It was the morning after the attempted kidnapping of Konoka, and the students were going to for breakfast. One girl however was still in her room. Nodoka was on her knees looking at a Negi shaped bobble head. "Negi-sensei, I-if it's ok with you…w-we have free activity time today, so would you like to gi-, to ga-, to gh-. Um- would you like to come with us? Would you?" Nodoka stuttered. She was practicing to ask Negi to go with them to the park.

"Hey Nodoka it's breakfast time," Haruna said at the door with a sing song voice.

"Everyone is going to the gathering hall on the first floor," Yue informed her.

"A-Alright," Nodoka agreed putting her hair up in a ponytail, revealing a bit more of her eyes.



* * *



Meanwhile, Gohan was having a nice dream about home, his pet Haiya Dragon, playing with his dad and his younger brother Goten. As well as eating his mom's home cooked meal of lizards, frogs, fish and other kind of foods. He was having a pleasant dream and sawing logs. However, it had to come to an end when he kept hearing an unknown voice in his dream. Gohan ignored it at first but it kept being louder and louder until he finally recognized the voice when he woke up.

"WAKE UP GOHAN-SAN!" Negi shouted at the top of his lungs; he had been trying to wake Gohan up for the last five minutes.

"Huh? Wha?" Gohan asked groggily.

"It's time to wake up Gohan-san!" Negi said exasperated before getting the shine back in his eyes. "We're going to Nara today!"

"Huh? Oh right…" Gohan said before it really dawned on him and he grinned. With great haste he threw on a pair of brown pants and a white button shirt. "C'mon Negi-san! We gotta hu—" Gohan was interrupted by a knock at the door and Negi let in Asuna and Setsuna. "Oh, what are you doing here Setsuna-san? Asuna-san?" Gohan asked curiously.

"Gohan-sensei…We were kind of hoping you could explain what you did during yesterday's battle?" Setsuna asked nervously and just like that Gohan's good mood evaporated; he knew they were going to ask but he had hoped he had more time before anyone found out. No point in lying really. So Gohan mentioned for everyone to sit down in a circle as he prepared his thoughts.

"Well, remember that I told you that I am a very skilled marital artist," Gohan said. Everyone nodded in agreement. "Well that is partially true. The truth…The truth is that I am half-human and half-alien," Gohan answered with trepidation and Negi, Asuna and Setsuna stared at him wide eyed. "Yeah, I know scary huh?"

"Y-Yeah right. Aliens? C'mon Gohan, you know that aliens don't exist," Asuna said; however Gohan couldn't help but notice that she edged away just slightly.

"What about mages then? You found out that Negi-san is a mage and have fought against mages last night. Doesn't that also give into the possibility of that there are other beings existing in our universe?" the young scholar-in-training asked. Asuna was silent. She was unsure on how to respond. Gohan was right though. Ever since she learned that Negi was a mage, everything seemed kind of out of whack.

"So Gohan-san, are you a Martian?" Negi asked.

Gohan shook his head. "Nope, I am half-Saiyan."

"Saiyan?" everyone said.

"What's a Saiyan?" Setsuna asked.

"A Saiyan is extraterrestrial being that hails from the Planet Vegeta. They look like humans but are different in that they have tails and have a larger muscular build and– " Gohan explain before he was interrupted by Asuna.

"Hold on! Tail like in a monkey's tail?" Asuna asked.

"That's right. All Saiyans are born with tails. It is a common feature for Saiyans and there is a good reason behind it too. When a Saiyan with a tail sees the full moon, he transforms into a Giant Ape called Oozarou and increases his power ten-fold," Gohan continued explaining.

"Bullshit," Asuna muttered.

"Gohan-san, if you say that all Saiyans have a tail, then why don't you have yours?" Setsuna asked.

"Because, my tail was removed when I was younger due to some special circumstances."

"What do you mean Gohan-san?" Negi asked.

"You noticed how there is no moon up in the sky?" Gohan asked. Everyone nodded. Of course they saw that there was no moon that their parents or ancestors used to talk about. "Well, my sensei, Piccolo-san, destroyed it when I transformed into a Giant Ape. Apparently, because I was untrained on how to control my Giant Ape transformation, that I went berserk and was destroying everything on sight. Thus to keep me in check, my tail was removed and I haven't been able to grow since."

Everyone gaped with their mouths open. Could this form really be that dangerous? "Which brings me to why there are Saiyans here on Earth. Saiyans were known as planet brokers due to them being war-like people in that they share an innate enjoyment for conflict and fighting; choosing violence over peace with other races. Thus, when an extraterrestrial race wanted a planet as their own, they would hire Saiyans to go and destroy the races inhabiting the planet. They would kill everyone. Massive genocide," Gohan explained with a somber voice. Everyone picked up on that and they couldn't believe that Gohan belonged to such a barbaric race of people.

"I know what you are thinking. How I could belong to such a race of savages? I am not very proud of my Saiyan ancestry but all of that changed with one person," Gohan said with a hint of pride in his voice.

"Who?" everyone asked.

"My father, Son Goku. The greatest person on Earth, even the whole universe," Gohan said with the biggest smile anyone has seen.

"What does your dad have to do with anything?" Asuna asked annoyed. Gohan picked up on the tone but decided not to expand on it.

"My father is a full-blooded Saiyan. He came here to Earth to exterminate everyone," Gohan said. Everyone gasped. How Gohan be proud about that fact? "However, he didn't do it. He came here as a baby and was raised to be a good boy by my great-grandfather Gohan who I am named after. My dad was raised to cherish life, not destroy it. He trained in the martial arts with Muten Roshi and has since become the strongest fighter in the universe. You don't how many times my dad saved the Earth." However, he didn't mention that Goku lost his memory when he hit his head on a rock, thus changing him forever.

"Hold on!" Asuna said. "I still find it hard to believe that your dad saved the Earth. Didn't Mr. Satan save the Earth after fighting with Cell?" Setsuna nodded in agreement. How could she forget about that monster? Everyone in the whole area was afraid of Cell.

"To answer your question Asuna-san, did you notice any gold haired fighters at the arena of the Cell Games?" Gohan asked.

Asuna blinked. "Yeah, how do you know?"

"My dad and I were the gold-haired fighters. My dad was the one to fight against Cell after he defeated Mr. Satan easily."

"Then you're the one who defeated Cell? The little boy?" Setsuna asked.

"Yeah, that was me," Gohan said as he scratched the back of his head. Both Asuna and Setsuna were in shock. Negi, on the other hand, had no idea what was going on or who Cell was. However, he had picked up that Cell was a very bad man.

"B-B-But then how do you dye your hair then?" Asuna asked. "Because you did that during the fight last night if I remember correctly."

"That is true and I can explain that by demonstrating. Watch very closely," Gohan said as he stood up and walked a few steps back from the circle group. He let out a sigh and frowned his eyebrows. Suddenly a yellow aura came over Gohan and in a flash of light, Gohan transformed! His hair was golden and his eyes had a shade of a jade green color. His muscles increased tenfold.

"Wow," Asuna and Setsuna muttered with a hint of a blush on their faces.

"I know," Gohan said. "When I first saw my dad do it, I was in shock as well. It was incredible. This is known as Super Saiyan. It is the pinnacle power of the Saiyans. The ability to transform into one is thing of legend. It was said that the last Super Saiyan to exist was 1,000 years ago. My dad was the first one to do it. I was the third after Vegeta-san. There are different levels of Super Saiyan with this being the first level."

"The first level?" everyone exclaimed.

"What is the second level?" Negi asked.

"I rather not show it. It might cause this whole building to collapse," Gohan said which took everyone by surprise. It's that powerful? Everyone thought to themselves. Then Setsuna picked up on something that Gohan had mentioned earlier.

"Gohan-sensei, you mentioned the Saiyan's occupation in the past tense, why?" Setsuna asked.

"Because they are extinct. My dad and Vegeta-san are the only full-blooded Saiyans left in the whole universe," Gohan said.

"How did that happen?" Negi asked. Even though the race was barbaric, he couldn't help feel a bit sad for a race to be extinct.

"Due to our love of fighting, we get stronger every time. That caused a few heads to turn. They feared that the Saiyans would become too powerful to control. So, they decided to destroy the Planet Vegeta and kill off the Saiyan race," Gohan explained.

"That's horrible," Setsuna said.

"Yeah, I know," Gohan said. However, he didn't want to mention that his dad and he did their share of exterminating some Saiyans like Raditz, Tullece (Turles), Broli and Nappa even though Vegeta was the one to do it. "But my dad was the one to defeat that man who destroyed the Saiyan race and we are still hanging I guess."

Gohan then dropped the Super Saiyan transformation and turned back to normal. Gohan stretched as he released a loud yawn. "Now if you don't mind I'd like to get some breakfast cuz I am starving." Everyone giggled and Gohan had a questioning look on his face. "What?" he asked. "Did I say something funny?" Still the same old Gohan, everyone thought.

"Do you think we will be attacked?" Negi asked.

"You shouldn't worry too much about being attacked today by enemies since last night should have shaken them up enough," Gohan explained.

Asuna, Setsuna and Negi nodded as they to stretched and headed for the door. However, Asuna stopped, looked at Gohan and asked, "Gohan, you said that Saiyans love to fight. Do you love to fight?"

Gohan shook his head. "No, I hate fighting. I rather avoid it. My dad loves to fight for the love of the sport. However, if it is to protect my friends, I will fight to the very end." Gohan displayed his usual Son grin.

Asuna smiled. "Alright then." She and Gohan then went to the dining hall where everyone was expecting them.



* * *



"Alright, Mahora middle school students!" Negi announced in a microphone with Gohan and Shizuna behind him. "Itadakimasu!"

"Itadakimasu!" The students all cheered over their breakfast.

"Uh! I don't remember a thing after we went to Kiyomizu Temple yesterday," Shiina muttered embarrassedly.

"And, we missed out on the first night too!" Madoka groaned in annoyance. "Damn it!"

"Don't worry about it girls," Gohan said as he stood next to the girls. "I'm sure that you will get to fun today as well for the rest of the trip."

"Hai," the girls replied to their sensei.

"Umm…Gohan-kun, would you like to sit with us?" asked Shiina with a slight blush on her face.

"Sure," agreed Gohan. "Besides I wanted to get to know my students better."

Shiina smiled. Inside her mind, she was clenching her fist in extreme happiness that Gohan was going to eat with her. She had hoped that this would happen so she had brought extra food for Gohan and his enormous appetite.

"Negi-kun, you look a bit sleepy," Konoka said with a smile, but then she frowned. "Aww…It looks like Gohan-kun is eating with Shiina and the others today."

"Ah! Good morning Konoka-san!" Negi said enthusiastically. "Gohan-san decided he should spend some time with the others in the class today."

"Well, that's good," Konoka said with a slight hint of jealously and the duo looked over to see Madoka enthusiastically explain something that caused Gohan to laugh as Shiina giggled. Konoka was getting a little bit more jealous that they were holding onto Gohan, who she wanted to thank for last night.

"Oh, and thank you for last night," Konoka winked. "I don't really understand what happened but I know you, Asuna, Se-chan and Gohan-kun came to help me."

"Ah..Ah…I was just following Setsuna-san," Negi stuttered trying to find an excuse.

It's a good thing she doesn't ask for details… Chamo thought.

"Ah Se-chan!" Konoka called the second she saw the girl near.

Setsuna with a bead of nervous sweat started to walk away. "Ara? Why are you leaving?" Konoka asked confused. "Don't be embarrassed! Let's eat together!" Setsuna panicked at that and started to walk away fast with a frightened and embarrassed expression as she blushed beat red. "Why are you running away Se-chan?" Konoka cried making chase.

"Setsuna-san!" Negi tried to call, but she just kept going.

"I'm not running away!" Setsuna denied as she picked up the pace.

"What was that all about?" Ako wondered. "That was the first time I've seen Sakurazaki-san acting like that."

"I wonder if something happened last night?" Makie asked aloud.

"They were having fun and not tell us!" Yuna exclaimed.

"I'm definitely not sleeping tonight!" Shiina declared cheerfully. Unless Gohan-kun wants to do a different kind of sleeping…

"What with the blush Shiina-san?" asked the object of her affections and she could only blush some more.

Not getting an answer Gohan brushed it off as just one of those things about girls that he could never understand and that he was better off not knowing.



* * *



After breakfast Negi met up with Asuna in the hall. "Thank God we managed to get Konoka back from that monkey lady yesterday without any hitches. It also looks like Konoka and Sakurazaki-san are getting along better," Asuna said.

"Yes! But that lady may come back later to try and get her again," Negi frowned. "Even though Gohan-san doesn't think so it's best to be careful, right?" Also our groups will be split up during our trip to Nara park. As a teacher what should I do? Negi thought. I couldn't give the letter yesterday because we were busy, and we will be in Nara today. So how should I do this? His musings were severely interrupted as a Makie hugged/tackled him.

"Negi-kun come along with our group today!" Makie shouted.

"Just a moment, Negi-sensei is coming along with group 3," Ayaka interjected getting in the way of Makie.

"What? But, I asked first!" Makie retorted much Gohan's amusement as he watched the spectacle from the side.

"No fair our group wants him too!" Fuuka butt in.

"Negi-sensei! Please come with group three!" Ayaka pleaded.

"Negi-kun! Group four! Group four!" Makie tried to hypnotize the boy.

"What's this?" Shiina asked with a giggle. "Fighting over Negi-sensei again?"

"Especially when we've got a hottie like Gohan-kun to fight over instead?" Kazumi muttered. Some of the girls heard Kazumi and turned their attention to an unsuspecting Gohan. Right then, Gohan felt a shiver in the air but he didn't what it was. However, he could tell that there were some eyes glaring at him. Being the oblivious guy that he was, Gohan had no idea why they were glaring at him.

"Negi-sensei! I-if it's okay with you, we have free activity time today, would you like to come with us?" Nodoka asked mustering up all her courage to do so. Everyone was so surprised by her that all movement stopped.

"Miyazaki-san?" Negi asked. Well group 5 is more likely to get attacked by the monkey lady. And Konoka-san is in it as well as Asuna-san and Setsuna-san. And Gohan-san would probably take care of the rest of the girls. So… "I would love to go with you and group 5 today, Miyazaki-san," Negi replied accepting her request.

"Eh?" Nodoka squeaked not really expecting it, but she jumped a foot when she felt a pat on her head. She looked up to see Gohan smiling down at her proudly.

"Well done Nodoka-san," Gohan praised and she blushed.

Yue watched with a smile; she had never seen Nodoka not run off from an older man before, but Gohan is just one of those guys you felt safer with than without. With a vindictive smile and a sip of juice she said, "So, which group will you be going with Gohan-sensei?"

Once Yue said that, all hell broke loose. Some of the girls started to argue amongst themselves which included Shiina, Kaede, Yuna, Fuuka, Fumika, Chizuru, and Madoka. Chizuru was giving the usual evil smile of hers to convince the others to let Gohan go with their group. "Gohan-kun should go with our group."

Some of the girls backed off but Kaede stood firm. "No, Gohan-kun should go with our group de-gazoru," Kaede responded in a cool voice but with some killing intent. She was stopped when she was pranked by the twins.

"No! Gohan-sensei should go with our group!" shouted the twins. Fuuka and Fumika wanted to learn more about Gohan so they could learn some new pranks to play on the class and on everybody else. Shiina and Madoka were also trying their best to convince the others as well. It was basically an all-out war between these girls.

However, the war stopped when Yue said, "You girls know that Gohan-sensei left already right?" The girls stopped arguing and turned their attention to where Gohan was sitting. What they saw was a stack of plates taller than Yue and also that Gohan had left with them not noticing at all. In true manga form, there was a blinking surrounding the place where Gohan had been sitting.

"WHAT?" Everyone said. "Where'd he go?"

"Yeah!" added Fuuka. "And how'd he sneak away like that?"



* * *



Outside of the Inn

"Phew, that was a good meal," Gohan said as he stretched his arms. He had left the dining hall when he finished his meal, oblivious that the girls were fighting amongst themselves to see who would go with him today in Nara. "I wonder which group I should go with today?" With that Gohan started to walk away from the Inn in thinking without realizing that while he was walking, Group 1, which consisted of Misa, Madoka, Shiina, Fuuka and Fumika, were already following Gohan closely.

"Thanks for the tip Misa," Shiina muttered. "Otherwise, we would have lost Gohan-kun to another group."

Misa smiled. "No problems," she replied. However, beneath her smile she had an ulterior motive. Like every other girl, she wanted to get to spend some time with Gohan and maybe some alone time and then…Hyah! Maybe a kiss! She said to herself with a blush on her face.

Madoka picked up on this and asked, "Why are you blushing Misa? Are you thinking about your boyfriend again?"

Misa flinched and waved her hands in protest, "No, I was definitely not thinking about Gohan-kun!" Everyone sweat-dropped. Very suspicious. However, they decided to follow Gohan along to see where he would go.



* * *



Meanwhile…

"Wow there are a lot of deer here!" Negi said happily. He ran up to one and started to pet it. "This is so cool! Look at me Asuna-san! Ackkk!" Negi was bit by one of the deer.

"Yeah, yeah whatever Negi."

Nodoka was happily/lovingly watching her teacher and his actions.

"Well done Nodoka!" her two librarian friends said as they kicked her from behind. Yue was still drinking her juice, and Haruna was well Haruna. "I was changed in my opinion of you! I didn't think you had it in you," Haruna stated.

Yue nodded. "I was moved."

"Ehehehe thank you. It is really nice to wonder around Nara with Negi-sensei. I no longer have any regrets this year," Nodoka said.

"Baka!" Haruna shouted. "How can you be satisfied with this? This is your time to make your move! You have to confess to him Nodoka. Right here, right now! You have to tell him how you feel!"

"B-but I can't. I-It's impossible."

"It's not impossible. School trips are meant to be exciting for both boys and girls! Some stats from Mahora indicated that most confessions on school trips have greater than an 87% chance of success."

"E-eighty-seven?"

"That's right. And if you manage to become a couple today, you can go on a real date with him tomorrow on our free activity day without any interruptions!"

A r-real date with N-Negi-sensei! her heart was beating erratically in her chest. "B-but it's s-so sudden. I m-mean I'm so n-n-nervous about this."

"What are you saying? You've come this far, with your new attitude you can do it!" Haruna encouraged her friend.

"Fight on Nodoka," Yue said pumping her fist into the air.

"Alright Yue, let's get Nodoka and Negi-sensei alone."

"Roger."

"W-wait you guys, it's t-too soon!" Nodoka shouted after her friends who ran towards Negi.

"Looks like the lady Chigusa-san is not attacking today," Negi commented as he walked around the park with Asuna and Setsuna.

"I think we'll be okay today," Setsuna replied. "But just in case I sent shikigami to watch over the other groups to make sure nothing occurs. If something does happen I'll know. I'll do all I can to protect Konoka-ojou-sama from the shadows. You two can enjoy your time on the trip."

"From the shadows? You know you can protect her at her side right?" Asuna said.

"N-no. Someone like me cannot be so carefree alongside ojou-sama…"

"What not this again! You shouldn't be embarrassed about being friends with Konoka, right Negi?" Negi nodded.

Their conversation ended when the rest of their group appeared. "Asuna! Let's go look at the Buddha statue together!" Haruna said already pushing the orange haired girl away from Negi.

"Se-chan! I bought some dangos. Want to eat them together?" Konoka came asking her old friend. In response Setsuna ran away again making excuses on not to actually stay with Konoka.

"I wonder what that was all about?" Negi asked confused. Just then Nodoka arrived panting. "Oh Miyazaki-san. It seems as everyone has run off somewhere. Do you want to walk around by ourselves?"

"Um…Gladly," she replied. They walked over to the Buddhist temple. "Wow this temple is huge."

"Wah! You're right," Negi said. Spying on the two were Haruna and Yue. They were watching to make sure their friend actually did what she said she would.

Alright it's time, I've got to confess. I've got to confess. Nodoka thought. "Negi-sensei!"

"Yes?"

"I, I…I love," Nodoka stuttered. "I love Buddha statues!"

"That's a very artful interest you have. Just like Yue," Negi said as he stared at the giant Buddha in front of them.

What the hell was that! Yue and Haruna thought.

"Negi sensei, I um, l-lucky!" Nodoka once again attempted to confess but failed. Oddly enough a charms stand, which gave out lucky charms, was in front of them.

"You want to get a fortune too huh?"

"No that's, that's not what I meant," Nodoka said crying anime tears.

"Ah it says daikyou" Negi said also crying anime tears. It's no good I can't say it, Nodoka thought twiddling her fingers. "Ah Miyazaki-san. There is a giant hole here like the one on the Buddha's nose. It is said that if you pass through it you get smarter and your wishes will come true."

"Really!" Nodoka asked perking up instantly. Maybe if I go through it I will be able to say it to him, Nodoka thought. She went into the hole and nearly made it out but… "Negi-sensei my bottom got stuck!"

"Are you alright? Here let me help you out," Negi said pulling on her arms. He kept tugging but nothing seemed to happen. Finally with a forceful tug he pulled her out but landed in an awkward situation. She landed on top of him giving him a full view of her panties. "A-Again!"

"Hyaah!" Nodoka screamed. I couldn't say it and now I did something very inappropriate. *sniff* I'm no good after all. "I'm sorry Negi-sensei!" she apologized and ran out of the temple.



* * *



Back with Gohan…

Gohan was still walking without realizing that he had walked into one of the busy parks of Nara. Gohan stopped and decided to look around. He realized he left the inn without a group to watch over. "Wah! I left the inn without a group!" Gohan exclaimed with a bit of panic.

"No you didn't Gohan-sensei," a voice said. Gohan turned around and saw the girls from Group one in front of him.

"Oh! Hi Misa-san, Madoka-san, Shiina-san, Fuuka-san and Fumika-san. I guess that I drifted into thought without realizing that you girls were with me," Gohan said with his Son grin. Totally clueless.

"So Gohan-kun, what were you thinking about?" Shiina asked.

"Well, I was thinking about what I wanted to visit from Nara. I saw a lot of things in the books that caught my interest and always wanted to see them," Gohan said with a smile.

"Then why don't we go to see those sites?" Misa said with a smile as she tried to grab hold on Gohan's arm and be able to lock arms with him like a couple. However she was stopped by Shiina, who glared at her and face saying 'You already have a boyfriend!' While the two were exchanging glares at each other (with lightning and fearsome animals in the background), Gohan and the others decided to move on ahead and look around.

They saw the impressive parks and the deer. Some of the girls were scared of the deer but Gohan took their worry away when he went and petted the animals with ease. After a few minutes, Madoka asked a question that was bugging her. "Gohan-kun, how were you able to tame them so easily?"

"Tame what?" Gohan said with a deadpanned face.

"The deer, Gohan-kun."

"Oh that…I guess it comes with living in the mountains. I once had a pet dragon called Haiya Dragon (also known as Icarus). He was my closet friend while growing up," Gohan said.

"Why? Didn't you have many friends while growing up?" Misa asked.

"Well, I did but they were mostly my dad's friends, who were cool and all but I couldn't relate with them. I didn't go on the adventures that they went on with my dad when he was younger. And my mom kept me at the house to study. Haiya Dragon lived in the forest nearby the house. I would sneak out from my room and go play with him and the other animals in the forest," Gohan said with a smile, reminiscing his childhood especially all the times his mom told him to study and Piccolo's training as well. It was definitely not your average childhood by any standards.

"That's so cool Gohan-kun," Misa and Shiina both said with a blush. They were learning something new about their object of affection. Basically they were in the lead. Only if you could tell that to them because as soon as both of them said that comment, they looked at each other with deadly glares.

Gohan continued to walk around with the group in the park until he heard a voice. "Gohan-kun?" Gohan turned around and saw a girl standing before him. She was a blond girl wearing a lined green shirt and blue jeans. She was hanging out with another blond but this time it was a guy. He had some muscles but not like Gohan. He had the appearance of a jock. "Is that you?" the blond girl asked.

Gohan blinked a few times until he finally realized the face. "Erasa-san?"

"Gohan-kun it is you!" exclaimed Erasa as she went to give a big hug to Gohan. Gohan received it with a blush on his face. Remember, when it comes to women, Gohan has no clue what to do. "Hey Sharpner-kun, I told you it was Gohan-kun!"

"Well, I'll be," Sharpner said as he walked up to Gohan. "I haven't seen you around Gohan."

"Yeah, I guess that happens when you transfer," Gohan said with a smile. The girls were in a bit of awe and shock. Who were these people?

"I almost didn't recognize you Gohan-kun, how have you been?" Erasa asked as she grabbed hold on Gohan's arm which immediately caught the glare of the girls.

Gohan was blushing a bit. "I have been good. The new school has been great as well as the students. How about you guys? What brings you to Nara?"

"We are here on a school trip. As one of our projects, we have to talk about the historical significance of Nara and Kyoto," Erasa said.

"So Videl-san is here?" Gohan asked with a bit of a happy face. Erasa picked this up and her face turned sad for a bit.

"Actually Videl is not here," Sharpner said. "And you know why?"

"Yeah I know. Protecting the city right," Gohan said with a proud smile but at the same time his voice died down a bit. He started to remember the adventures that he had as the Great Saiyaman and working with Videl on catching criminals and stopping the bad guys.

Seeing that this conversation was not going to her advantage, Erasa decided to change the subject. "So, Gohan- kun…very nice school uniform I must say."

Sharpner smirked. "So lame."

"Actually these are my work clothes," Gohan said.

"Work?" Erasa and Sharpner exclaimed.

"What do you mean work Gohan-kun?" Erasa asked.

"Well, I am an assistant teacher for middle school students at Mahora Academy," Gohan said with his Son grin.

"Assistant?" Both of the exclaimed.

"How did that happen?" Sharpner asked.

"It's kind of a long story," Gohan said. Then he heard an 'ahem' behind him. He turned around and flinched when he forgot to introduced Erasa and Sharpner to his students. "I completely forgot…girls, these are my two friends from my old high school Erasa-san and Sharpner-san. Erasa-san and Sharpner-san, these are some of my students."

The girls, especially Misa and Shiina, politely bowed in greeting. However, that didn't stop them from giving Erasa the evil glare. "How old are these girls Gohan-kun?" Erasa asked as she had picked up on why these girls were giving her the evil glare.

"Most of them are between 14 and 15 years old," Gohan said. "Why do you ask Erasa-san?"

"Oh no reason," Erasa smiled evilly. "I know that you like older women or women around your age right Gohan-kun?" Erasa said that last part in a seductive tone. Misa and Shiina glared at her even more. Gohan blinked a few times, unsure on why Erasa was mentioning that.

"That is not true Erasa-san," Gohan said natively. "I don't think I ever told you what kind of girls that I liked. In fact, I haven't told anyone actually." The girls let out a sigh of relief. They still had a chance.

Sharpner decided he had seen enough. First Gohan took away the girl of his dreams, Videl and now he was an assistant teacher to some hot girls, especially Misa and Shiina. If he was in Gohan's position, he would totally go out with them and create an ultimate harem for himself. Oh how he wished that! "Well we should get going Erasa." He grabbed on Erasa's arm and pulled her away from Gohan.

Erasa pouted but she gave in, but then she turned around and said, "Gohan-kun! I have a message from Videl-chan!"

Gohan turned wide-eyed. "What was it?"

"She says that her dad is holding a party for those who defeated Boo (who I have no idea who that is) in a few months and that you and your family are exclusively invited along with your friends," Erasa said. Gohan nodded. Erasa also added, "She also says to die you jerk for not telling her about the transfer! Bye Gohan-kun!"

Gohan flinched and had a depressive aura around him as soon as he heard that last part. Erasa and Sharpner disappeared in the distance. Gohan let out a sigh and headed towards another direction with the girls in towed, unsure who Videl was and what she did for Gohan.



* * *



Meanwhile, back with Negi's group…

"Sheesh I don't see why you keep on running from Konoka," Asuna complained to Setsuna.

"I left her with the capable hands of my shikigami, so ojou-sama will be safe," Setsuna answered.

"That's not what I meant! Why don't you got talk to her?"

"That's because…because if I stay near her she'll find out about magic…someone of my status shouldn't be so close…"

"What are you mumbling about?" the two stopped talking when they heard a rustle. Turning around they found a crying Nodoka.

"Asuna-san…Sakurazaki-san? *sniff*"

"You are Miyazaki-san?" Setsuna asked unsure.

"Eh! Honya-chan what happened?" About five minutes later the three girls were sitting out in front of a small store. "EEEEEHHH! You confessed to Negi!"

"Y-yes, I mean no…well I was going to. But I was so clumsy and messed up *sniff, hiccup* I'm sorry but I haven't spoken to Sakurazaki-san before but here I am blubbering out everything," the girl tried to stifle a sniffle.

"It's okay. But no matter how much I look at him, Negi-sensei is still a child. Are you not infatuated like some of the other girls with Gohan-sensei?" Asuna frowned at the question.

"It's not like that. I like Gohan-sensei like a teacher and I don't know him too well, but Negi-sensei is different. Negi is cute like a child sometimes, but on other times he has this adult like expression that makes him seem more reliable and dependable. It makes me wonder sometimes if he is actually older than he looks," Nodoka said. Asuna nodded, looking back at all her experiences with the boy she had to agree with the girl's description. Setsuna also agreed. "I think it's because he has something we don't. Negi-sensei is aiming for something and is always looking ahead. I am just satisfied with looking at him from a far. That's all the courage I have. But today I thought I'd tell him how I felt…"

"Really how'd that go?" Asuna asked.

"Ehehehe," Nodoka said blushing embarrassed at the memory. "I want to thank you Asuna-san, Sakurazaki-san. I thought you were a scary person at first but you aren't are you?"

"Eh?" Setsuna replied confused.

"I feel relieved now. I'm going off," Nodoka said. She bowed to them and ran off.

"Hey where is she off too?" Asuna asked. Setsuna shrugged.

"I think we should follow her," Chamo claimed as he perched himself on Asuna's shoulder.

"Miyazaki-san! Nodoka-san! This is strange I wonder where she went," Negi said holding onto Nodoka's bag as he was searching for her. "This trip is really turning out to be troublesome. First there is that letter, then the monkey lady and Konoka-san…"

"Negi-sensei!" Negi turned around and saw an out of breath Nodoka.

"Ah! Miyazaki-san thank goodness. Where did you go?"

"Negi-sensei the truth is I love…" Asuna, Setsuna and Chamo were in the bushes spying on them. 'Is she going to confess?' the three thought. "I love grated radishes!" the three face faulted at the sentence.

"Miyazaki-san?" Negi asked confused.

Go for it! She is really serious about doing this. I would have not expected less from the girl I picked for him as his partner! Chamo whispered.

But he's only ten years old! A confession might be too much… Asuna whispered to the ermine.

Bull. Age has nothing to do with love.

Quiet both of you. She's going to say something, Setsuna hushed the other two.

Nodoka took a deep breath to stead herself. "Negi-sensei. I have liked you since the day we met. I-I love you Negi-sensei!" Negi's eyes widened, as well as the three onlookers. "I know this may be a lot to take in, seeing as we are student and teacher after all. But I wanted you to know how I felt. Please excuse me, Negi-sensei!" Nodoka confessed then ran off.

Negi's mind was on the fritz as she left. All the troubles he was having with the Kansai Magic Association and the monkey lady was a lot to take in for him. Now add this to it, his mind did what it could do it help him. It shut down. Negi fell to the floor unconscious. "Negi!" Asuna shouted and ran up to the kid. Setsuna too went over and check on the boy, commenting on Nodoka's bravery.



* * *



Meanwhile, back with Gohan…

Gohan walked and was letting some sighs. The girls, who were walking behind, were beginning to wonder who this Videl was? Shiina decided to ask their sensei, "Gohan-kun, who is Videl?"

Gohan snapped back into reality when Shiina asked the question. "Hmm…what did you say Shiina-san?"

"Who is Videl? Ever since Erasa said that about Videl you have been a little depressed," Shiina said.

"Well, you girls know Mr. Satan right?" The girls nodded in response. "Videl-san is the daughter of Mr. Satan and was my classmate in high school."

"What?" All of them exclaimed.

"I didn't know you knew such a celebrity Gohan-kun," Misa commented.

"Really? I guess didn't really think about it too much. I forgot that Mr. Satan was a huge celebrity," Gohan said with his Son grin. The girls sweat-dropped at the comment and thought in unison, Have you been living in under a rock Gohan-kun?

"So were you and Videl dating?" Madoka asked.

Gohan blushed immediately and started to wave his arms in nervousness. "No of course not! I never went out on a date with her even though she took me out shopping a couple of times and have sparred a bit." So clueless.

Misa and Shiina both giggled at Gohan's actions and at the same time said to themselves, Yes! Gohan-kun is not taken and now is my chance to take him.

"Hey Gohan-sensei, I want to see a Buddhist temple!" Fuuka said enthusiastically. Fumika nodded in agreement with her sister as she jumped on top of Gohan's shoulders. This immediately caught the glares of the girls in the group.

"Ok, let's go then," Gohan said as he held onto Fumika so she wouldn't fall off. I guess this is a good way to get my mind off from Videl-san. I still can't understand why she is mad at me though, Gohan said to himself.

So Gohan and the girls visited the same sites that Negi and Nodoka had visited earlier. At the fortune teller, each of them got a fortune. Shiina's fortune said that today was her lucky day while the other girls got an okay fortune. Gohan, on the other hand, got a fortune that said he would have a new destiny though he wasn't sure what that meant. The girls snickered, hoping that the new destiny would involve either one of them.

Gohan looked at his watch and suddenly realized something. "Huh? Oh man it's already time to go!" Gohan and the girls pouted as they stared fondly at the temple. Gohan looked at through a scholarly view while the girls were thinking about something else. "We'll have to come back some other time…"

"I look forward to it Gohan-kun…" Misa, Shiina and Madoka all said together in the softest voice he ever heard them used. He turned around to see the three of them glaring at each other and wondered why. The group hurried to the train station where they found the rest of the group. He noticed from the corner of his eye that Negi looked to be in complete shock, but decided he would ask later.

The train was a bit crowded but Gohan decided to sit down on one of the available seats. However, there was an empty seat next to him which caused for eyes to glint as some of the girls wanted the chance to sit next to Gohan. Shiina, being extremely lucky today, was the first one to get the seat and proudly with a slight blush sat next to Gohan. She caught the glares of some of the people in the train and stuck out here tongue in protest. But, of course Shiina decided to push it even further by using Gohan's lap as a pillow on the train, and Gohan, who was wondering what was going on with Negi, let her do so. He was so distracted that he didn't even realize he was petting her head.

And, of course, as soon as they stood back up she tried to get back on his back only to trip and end up carried bridal style instead…She had to hideaway once they were back to the hotel. "What's up with you and Shiina?" Asuna asked in a hard voice before he could ask about Negi.

"What ya mean Asuna-san?" Gohan asked innocently.

"Don't Asuna-san me buster! You two look like a couple of young lovers there!" Asuna accused.

"Really? How's that?" Gohan asked, who had no clue about the implications of what he did. He was just being a gentleman like his mom always taught him.

"Right, never mind," Asuna said. "Was there something you need?"

"Yeah, what's up with Negi-san?" Gohan asked. "He looks absolutely stunned."

Asuna started to chuckle nervously. "Well, someone confessed to him," she whispered quietly.

"Oh? Really, is that all?" Gohan asked and Asuna stared at incredulously.

"What do you mean is that all?" Asuna whispered harshly. "I mean isn't he too young to be confessed to?"

Gohan put his fingers on his chin as he thought about it for a bit. "I don't think so," Gohan said. "I thought it was something more important but if it's about a girl confessing to him, I don't think there should be any problem."

"You think so?" Setsuna asked unsure.

"Yeah," Gohan confirmed. Of course, I have no idea what a confession is like anyways, Gohan thought to himself. I wonder how I can help Negi-san with this. Mom didn't help me much and Dad…well Dad is not the most reliable guy to talk about dating.

Miyazaki-san confessed to me…'Negi thought shocked. And, they told me Japanese woman were shy! I-If…If this goes beyond just a confession, as a British gentleman I would have to take responsibility…

Negi had a picture of himself and Nodoka getting married.

"Do you understand Negi?" Nekane Springfield asked. "That kind of relationship is forbidden between teachers and students."

Uwahh! I can't do that! Negi screamed in his mind. I would be unqualified as a teacher if I did!

Ayaka, Yuna, Ako, Fuuka and Fumika could only watch on as Negi seemed to go crazy over some matter. "AAAH! What should I do?" Negi asked himself clutching his head. "There's still the letter I have to deliver too…"

"I wonder what's wrong with Negi-kun," Ako said as she stared worriedly at her teacher. "He's been acting strangely ever since we got back."

"Judging by his appearance, whatever it is, it's big," Ayaka said with a frown; she didn't like seeing him this stressed.

"Maybe he just ate something he shouldn't have?" Yuna hypothesized.

"What's wrong Negi-sensei?" Ayaka said as she bent over Negi who had fallen to his hands and knees.

"Negi-kun, did something happen at Nara Park this afternoon?" Yuna asked the boy.

"Uwaa!" Negi screamed in surprise! "N-N-Nothing happened! No one confessed to me or anything!"

"Eh? Confessed?" Ayaka yelled in shock.

"Is that true Negi-kun? Who was it?" Ako asked while everyone else stared in disbelief.

Sh-Shoot! Negi thought when he realized he basically confessed. "N-NO! Not 'confess', I mean c…cook! That's right, a cook was putting a crab in the soup, and…"

Negi ran away at top speed. "I-I've got a meeting with Shizuna-sensei, so please excuse me!" Negi yelled back panicky.

"Ah, just a minute Negi-kun!" Yuna called out.

"Who confessed to whom?" Ayaka pleadingly wanted to know.

"Sheesh, he sure is taking this hard," Gohan said in disbelief as he walked off in the direction Negi ran to. He wanted to make sure that Negi didn't do something stupid like his brother Goten would do sometimes. After all, Negi was ten years old.

"He's fast!" Yuna complimented the ten year old. "We lost sight of him. What do we do Iincho?"

"There's definitely someone in 3-A who can do something about this," Ayaka mused seriously. "There is no way this mystery can continue!"

Yuna and Ayaka stood face to face; they both thought of the same person. "This is—" Ayaka began.

"—a job for her," Yuna finished.



* * *



"What?" Kazumi yelled in shock as she looked at the new pictures they took today. "Obscene conduct between a teacher and student?"

"That's…That's right Asakura! It's terrible!" Yuna said.

"Hmm…That'd be a pretty big scoop if it turns out to be true that is," Kazumi mused. "As official camerawoman of 3-A and the Academy Breaking News Divisions, you can leave it to me Asakura Kazumi."

Kazumi picked up a fresh camera. "If there's a scoop, I'll bring it to life," Kazumi said proudly.

"There's just one person we need you to check upon," Ayaka explained.

"Okay, okay. Who's the suspect? Nitta? Seruhiko?" Kazumi asked. "Oh, I know you're talking about Gohan-kun! He and Shiina did look quite close on the train home!" Lucky girl! Kazumi thought jealously.

"Actually…" Ayaka explained and Kazumi started to take notes absentmindedly.

"So, in summary someone confessed to Negi-sensei today at Nara…" Kazumi muttered as she read the notes before she realized what she read. "Hey, that's not 'obscene' at all!"

"W-What do you mean? It's well beyond allowable!" Ayaka fumed. "At any rate, we need you to find out who confessed to Negi-sensei! And, you aren't going to look up anything to harm Gohan-sensei's reputation!"

"We're counting on you Asakura!" Yuna cheered.

"If it's not a scoop, I'm not interested, and with Gohan-kun being off limits," Kazumi yawned, but let out a surrendering sigh. "Oh, well…Who knows, maybe something like this will lead to a big story. Besides ordinary public items the public wants to read is also a part of a reporter's job, I guess…"

Kazumi stretched and went to the most likely person. A confession can only mean one person."Hey, I'm coming in! Are you in there Honya-chan?" Kazumi asked before she opened the door. "Oh, you're all by yourself! Perfect!"

"Yes, what is it Asakura-san?" Nodoka asked sipping her juice; Kazumi got face to face to Nodoka and pulled out her recorder.

"Is it true you slept with Negi-sensei?" Kazumi asked with a smile and Nodoka spit her juice all over her face.

"W-W-W-Wh…I didn't do anything like that!" Nodoka denied with a deep blush that Kazumi would swear could be seen from space.

"Hahahahaha! I'm just kidding!" Kazumi laughed as she wiped her face. "But, you did confess to him today right? So, how'd it go?"

"Eh..H-H-H-How did it go?" Nodoka stuttered with a slightly less obvious blush. "I was able to tell him that's how I feel…That's all…I didn't want a response from the start, so…"

"Eh…Then you don't care what Negi-sensei thinks?"

"No, I'm just…I'm already satisfied…I'm afraid to hear his response, so…" Nodoka muttered as she twiddled her fingers and Kazumi could only smile pleasantly.

"You're so cute Miyazaki!" Kazumi squealed. "We can't have that! You're not a primary school girl anymore, you know! Well, whatever, it doesn't really matter…"

"Ah…" Nodoka called from the hallway as Kazumi left the room. "This could be troublesome for sensei, so please keep it a secret…"

"Okay, okay! I got it! I'm supporting you, so give it your best, Miyazaki!" Kazumi called down the hall before she reviewed what she recorded. "Well, I've finished gathering my material…Man I can't get a story out of this. This is going to cause a real mess if I let everyone else hear it, so I'd better keep it to myself. I will just let the romance continue at its own pace…I'll just destroy this."

Kazumi pressed the erase button on her recorder and continued down the hall with a sigh. "Our class sure is peaceful; I need a big scoop that will really get their blood boiling," Kazumi said as she headed down the stairs, but she spotted a zombie like Negi.

Maybe I should get an interview from the man himself? Kazumi wondered; she figured it would be okay as long as she kept Nodoka's name out of it.

"Ara? Looks like he's worried over something," Kazumi noted as Negi absentmindedly headed out the front door. "Receiving a confession must have must have been a shock for a ten year old."

Negi blankly climbed the stairs and headed towards the street. "Aniki, pay attention where you are going," Chamo whispered harshly before suddenly looking out into the street. "H-Hey Aniki! Look!"

"Eh?" Negi said as he finally came into focus just in time to see a car quickly driving down the street and run over a poor defenseless kitty cat.

"A cat!" Kazumi yelled from the top of the stairs, but no one heard her in the panic. Negi quickly rushed out to save the cat as he pulled out his staff; the timing will be close! The car was centimeters away from Negi… 'H-He's going to die! Negi-sensei!'

"Ras Tel Ma Scir Magister!" Negi chanted quickly as he grabbed the cat. "Flowering Wind Ward Barrier!"

Before Kazumi's eyes the car flipped through the air and over them before landing safely on the ground. She couldn't believe her eyes…It was almost like magic. "You're safe! Thank goodness!" Negi said happily as the car landed.

WHAT THE HELL? Kazumi screamed in her mind in shock.

"Are you okay Driver-san?" Negi asked the shaken up driver.

"H…Huh? Just now…" The driver was so, oh so confused.

Wh-Wh-Wh-What was that? Kazumi thought, trying to make logical sense of what she just witnessed.

"Hehehe…That's my Aniki! Even when he's feeling out of it, he's still got it where it counts!" Chamo praised the boy proudly. "But, you should avoid such flashy magic like that!"

Did that ermine just talk? Kazumi thought as she hid behind a bush; her mind was having such difficulties. Then suddenly another truck was coming by at a very fast speed. Kazumi noticed it at the last minute and was about to yell at Negi to get out of the way but she noticed something coming down very fast from the sky.

It was a figure wearing a black body suit and green vest of some kind. He also had white gloves, white boots, a white turban on his head and sunglasses? Wait, Kazumi said to herself, isn't that the Great Saiyaman? What is he doing here?

It definitely was him as he came down from the sky at a fast speed, stood between Negi and the incoming truck and stopped it with the sole of his right foot. He stopped the truck easily as it went up in the air in a somersault. Kazumi was about to scream something at them but she stopped when the Great Saiyaman simply held the truck up in the air…with only one hand.

"Negi-san, you should be more careful during the night. There are some drunk drivers here that don't follow the rules of the road," the Great Saiyaman said. Kazumi was starting to sweat at all the excitement that was going on. First Negi-sensei did something to the first truck to save the cat by using magic I think, and now he knows the Great Saiyaman? What else is there? She said to herself.

"Thanks Gohan-san," Negi said natively.

"It's Great Saiyaman Negi-san, especially when I am wearing this disguise," Gohan said with a proud voice.

"Oh that's right," Negi smiled as he put his hand behind his head in embarrassment. Kazumi, who was still behind the bush, was now getting the biggest scoop of her life: Gohan was the Great Saiyaman! How could I not have seen this? But how is Gohan-kun able to do all that?

Gohan let out a sigh. "I guess we better get out of here first though. We might draw some suspicion," Gohan said.

"Y-Yeah," Negi stuttered as he mounted his staff and Gohan simply floated in the air. "We should leave before we're seen," Negi pointed out and the trio flew off never noticing the shocked girl.

Th-They're flying! Kazumi thought as she took a picture. Th-This is it! My ultra-huge scoop!



* * *



Later that evening

"Aah, this bath is so relaxing," Gohan said as he relaxed in the open air bath. "Especially right after such a long day of work."

"Aah," Negi said with a relaxed sigh.

"Hey you two don't let your guard down or girls will come in again!" Chamo chastised.

"It'll be fine…This is 'sensei time', so students can't come in," Negi said, but at that exact moment the door opened to reveal Shizuna in a bath towel.

"Ara? Gohan-sensei, Negi-sensei," Shizuna said with her usual smile.

"Shizuna-sensei!" Gohan cried as he covered Negi's eyes and diverted his.

"You two did a good job today," Shizuna complimented. "Especially you Negi-sensei; do you want me to wash your back?"

"N-No! That's alright!" Negi squeaked as he tried to escape.

Shizuna giggled a little. "The truth is Negi-sensei, Gohan-sensei, I know all about your little secret…"

Negi and Gohan stared at her in shock. "What?" Negi squeaked in fright.

"You two are mages right?" Shizuna said with assurance.

"Huh?" Gohan said "What do you mean?" This is weird.

"Did the headmaster tell you?" Negi asked.

"I don't know what you are talking about, but I have a favor to ask," Shizuna said. "I want to see Negi-kun's and Gohan-kun's magic."

"Huh?" Both boys said. They looked at each other questioningly, unsure what or how Shizuna knew about magic. This had suspicious all over it.

Gohan stepped back a bit and closed his eyes as he concentrated on her ki signature. It is definitely a woman but…that's not Shizuna-sensei! Who is it?

In the meantime, Negi was pulled in by Shizuna into her breasts. Negi struggled to get free but after a few seconds he stopped. "What?" Shizuna said. "What's the matter? Feeling a little frisky, Negi-kun?"

"Umm…" Negi said. "Aren't your boobs awfully small, Shizuna-sensei?"

"How rude! I'll have you know that I am the fourth largest in the class," the fake Shizuna complained.

"Huh? Who are you?" Negi asked.

"Asakura Kazumi-san," Gohan responded causing both Negi and the fake Shizuna to turn their heads. He ripped off her wig to reveal her red hair. She backed away from Gohan and Negi as she tried to figure out how Gohan knew who she was. Gohan let out a sigh as he looked at her face and hair. "Huh, you should wear your hair down more often Asakura-san; it's quite beautiful that way."

Kazumi blushed at the compliment. "Really?" she muttered. However, she shook her head as she had to ask, "How did you know it was me Gohan-kun?"

"Well, because as soon as you mentioned about mages, you had drawn suspicion. I keyed in on Shizuna's ki signature and you definitely weren't her. I concentrated some more and easily could tell that it was you," Gohan said. Kazumi had no idea what he was talking about, especially the part on ki signatures and such but she thought it was magic.

"Haha! You used magic!" Kazumi exclaimed.

Gohan shook his head. "First of all I am no mage and secondly I am– "

"The Great Saiyaman," Kazumi interrupted.

Gohan flinched. "What are you talking about?" Did she find out?

"I saw you save that truck from hitting Negi-kun. Then Negi-kun addressed you as Gohan," Kazumi said.

Gohan hit himself in the head with the palm of his head. How could this have happened…again?

"This is bad! We've got to erase her memory!" Chamo yelled.

"Don't even think about it!" Kazumi said as she secretly pulled out her phone. "Back off Gohan-kun or I'll press the 'send' button and your secret will be on the home page for the world to see! And, that goes for you too Negi-kun!"

This is bad, Gohan thought seriously.

"Why are you doing this?" Negi cried.

Kazumi actually cackled at that. "Because it's a scoop! It's all for the sake of the scoop!" Kazumi said as she pulled out a microphone. "Sorry about this Negi-sensei, Gohan-kun, but I'm going to have you cooperate with my global ambition!"

"You plan to tell the world about mages and about me, don't you?" Gohan asked.

"Of course!" Kazumi roared in triumph. "I'll have the entire world's eyes on me for my discovery! I'll have exclusive interviews, and the newspapers and magazines of the world crawling at my feet! You two will be so popular you will star in TV dramas and novels produced by me! You'll even get a Hollywood movie as we go worldwide!"

"I really don't want that!" Negi denied and especially with a loud cry which caused the onsen to explode with a huge gust of wind. Kazumi and Gohan were covering their eyes. Gohan immediately knew what was going on. His magic is going berserk because of the crying, Gohan said to himself. "Stop Negi-san before you hurt Asakura-san!" However he was too late.

Kazumi was sent flying high in the air. Negi didn't realize that he sent her so high but Gohan did as he quickly dashed at the towel rack, wrapped a towel around his waist and went flying up in the air. As he was going up in the air to catch her, Kazumi turned her cellphone around and took a picture of Gohan. Gohan heard the click and was worried but it wasn't the most important thing right now. Before she could fall any further, Gohan caught and held her in bridal style.

Kazumi, being held in such a position, blushed red. She was in the arms of a very, I mean very, muscular man. And he was good looking too. Gohan looked at her and asked, "Are you okay Asakura-san?"

"Call me Kazumi, Gohan-kun," Kazumi muttered as she was enamored by Gohan floating in the sky and rescuing her like a damsel in distress. He was also carrying her like a princess as well. However, the fantasy had to end when Negi came up with his staff.

"Are you all right Asakura-san?" Negi asked. Kazumi nodded.

"Good," Gohan said with a sigh of relief as he landed safely on the ground. "For a minute there I thought you had a fever because you were red all over your face."

Kazumi immediately flinched. She let go of Gohan and was blushing so hard. "I am alright Gohan-kun." What is wrong with me? She said to herself. Got to keep my emotions in check, otherwise it would ruin my credential as a reporter since I have this picture as proof. She looked at her phone but let out a scream.

"What's wrong Kazumi-san?" Gohan asked.

"My cellphone is broken," Kazumi said with anime tears. "My ultra-scoop of two mages is ruined." Gohan let out a sigh of relief. Luck had a way with him especially in situations like these. Gohan let out a smile. How lady luck was on his side in that more people found out about his secret."So are you a mage too?" Kazumi asked.

"Actually I am not," Gohan said. "I am just a very skilled martial artist."

"EH?" Kazumi screamed in total shock; that blew her mind more than a mage.

"Yeah and he can trans– " Negi said before his mouth was covered by Gohan.

"Negi-san, don't tell her about the Saiyan part. We don't want more people to find out," Gohan whispered to Negi's ear. Kazumi blinked a few times as she was curious to what Negi meant by 'trans.' Negi nodded in response and Gohan let go of his mouth. Gohan didn't want that part out in the public just yet.

"Hey! What's going on in there?" Ayaka asked from the outside. "What's with those crying sounds?"

Ayaka, Makie, Yuna, Fuuka and Asuna walked in and saw Kazumi, Negi and Gohan all clad in towels. "Negi-kun?" Makie shouted in shock.

"Gohan-kun?" Yuna yelled just as surprised.

"Asakura-san?" Ayaka bellowed angrily. "Asakura-san! I asked you to investigate and you go and do this?"

"What are you doing with Gohan-sensei and Negi-kun?" Makie questioned fumingly.

"HELP!" Kazumi screamed as the girls attacked her.

"Just a minute Negi! Gohan! What were you two doing?" Asuna accused the two, but Gohan had already slipped away. "YOU GET BACK HERE GOHAN!"

"AH!" Negi screamed as Asuna dragged the boy away by his ear. "ASUNA-SAAAAN!"

"Ow ow ow!" Kazumi groaned from her pounding head. "Look like that scoop has ended up a dead one…I guess I'm really no match for a martial artist or a mage."

"That's not true ane-san!" Chamo disagreed. "You really shined back there! How about a business proposition between you and me?" the ermine said with a glint in his eye.



* * *



Author's note: Hey everybody! Hope you liked the latest chapter! As a reminder that for this crossover, I will be using the Japanese anime names of DBZ such as attacks and names. I watched the dub version of DBZ which was good but once I saw the japanese version, it was like totally different and better too. So I am going to use them in this crossover. I'll keep a glossary at the bottom of each chapter to help out anyone who doesn't know the names. In this chapter:

Haiya Dragon - Gohan's pet dragon that he met during the DBZ movie 'The Tree of Might.' He is also known as Icarus from the dub version of the anime.

Muten Roshi - Goku and Kuririn (Krillin)'s martial art teacher. Also known as Master Roshi from the dub version.

Another thing, if you are new and are reading the last chapter instead of progressing through the story like you normally should, read the bottom of chapter 4 for more details on the transformations. I don't want to keep writing that huge paragraph at the bottom of each chapter. Thank you.



Also, I am going to try to put out a new chapter each Sunday almost like the Weekly Shonen Jump in Japan does, except that they come out on Mondays, not Sundays. So expect a chapter each Sunday unless I say otherwise like for example, 'I will be collecting data for the next chapters.' (I hate when they do it but it gives a good opportunity for the mangaka to do more chapters consecutively). So let me know what you guys think of the newest chapter! Peace!





*Chapter 6*: Kissing Game!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. See chapter 1 for details.

Author's note: Hi ya everybody! How is everyone doing? Hope you guys had a good week. I know that there hasn't been much action since Chapter four but trust me, this chapter and the previous one were necessary to establish more feelings of admiration and love towards Gohan as well as the Negima canon. And also, there is going to be an event that will affect with later chapters. Trust me on this one. Oh and Druss the Legend...what is going to happen in this chapter was already planned before you sent the review for Chapter 5, so I hope you like it.

I want to thank naidoka1992 for beta-reading the chapter. Also, there is an announcement at the bottom of the chapter, please read it. But anyways, I present the next chapter of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 6: Kissing Game! Find the real Negi Springfiled!

Ako and Akira were walking around the halls at night as they were having a private conversation, though completely unaware of the spy.

"Seat number five, Izumi Ako, confessed to a graduate student in March, but was rejected. Currently without a boyfriend, has a shy personality, but is quite athletic." The sound of a camera snapping was heard. "Seat number six, Okochi Akira, currently without a boyfriend; very athletic. The ace of the swimming club; it seems the high school club has high expectations of her. A shy and quiet person."

The stalker quickly slipped away and made towards the stairs where Mana was walking down; the stalker hid behind the corner and took a picture. "Seat number eight, Tatsumiya Mana, unknown whether she has a boyfriend or not. It seems she works part time at a shrine within the academy as a priestess."

The stalker walked by Mana acting as nonchalant as possible to not give away what she was doing and headed into the open bath where Chao, Ku and Hakase were relaxing in a bath. "Seat number nineteen, Chao Lingshen, genius number one; unstoppable at everything, whether it is school, sports or cooking," the stalker listed off. "Seat number twenty-four, Satomi Hakase, genius number two; has no interests outside of her research. Her nickname is of course the professor…Neither of them have boyfriends. Heh…All the better for us!"

"Just what I expected from 3-A's database!" Chamo said from the bush. "These are just the sort of girls I've been looking for!"

The stalker let out a happy giggle as she kneeled down in the bush with a camera in hand. "This is nothing…Just leave it to me, a member of the news club! My classmates can't hide a thing from me!" The stalker, a plain haired Asakura Kazumi, cheered. "They don't call me the Mahora Paparazzi for nothing, you know!"

"Yeah! Awesome!" Chamo cheered with the reporter. "I've got it reporter nee-san! We'll definitely need your help on 'Operation X'."

"Uhuhuhu…Well then, let's make a contract," Kazumi said with a smirk. "But, I suppose I will receive some sort of compensation in exchange…"

"Okay! Okay!" Chamo said dismissively as he smoked a cigarette. "We'll give you exclusive rights to gather data on us after this."

Kazumi let out a loud cackle that confused Yue (who was currently soaking in the bath). "Now come on! We've got planning!"



* * *



"EEEH? Someone found out about your magic Negi?" Asuna screeched in shock. "And of all people Asakura?"

"Y-Yes," Negi said sadly and a tearful sniff.

"How come? How did this happen? Of all the people it had to be the paparazzi girl?" Asuna continued to rant.

"Well, in Negi-san's defense, she caught him when he saved a cat from getting run over by a truck," Gohan said. "Granted she might not have noticed so much if Negi used his magic to blow the cat out of the way rather than flipping the truck over him."

Negi withered under Asuna's renewed glare. "That didn't help Gohan-san," Negi whispered pathetically.

"I'm sorry. I was around the area. You could have just yelled and I would have been there to help out," Gohan said. "Granted that she found out about my secret too."

"About you being half-Saiyan Gohan-sensei?" Setsuna asked.

"No, the Great Saiyaman," Gohan said which caused Setsuna and Asuna to sweat drop a bit. How could he complain about that? Both of them thought.

"Well anyways, having Asakura find out is just as bad as having the world find out," Asuna complained further with a huff. "It's all over! I guess everyone is going to find out your true identity for the both of you. You'll be turned into an ermine and sent home. And for Gohan, he will be dissected as a lab experiment to figure out how his powers work."

"WHAT?" Negi and Gohan both screeched in panic. Negi turned to Gohan with a nervous face. "Please give me some advice Asuna-san, Setsuna-san, Gohan-san!"

"Don't look at me Negi-san, I am in the same predicament as you are!" Gohan said, trying to get control of the situation.

Before anything could be said, Kazumi (who still had her hair down) came in with Chamo on her shoulder. "Hey, Negi-sensei! Gohan-kun!" Kazumi greeted with a bright smile.

"Hi Kazumi-san!" Gohan said with a wave as he let go of his worries even though he was still nervous. However, his waving brought a jealous glare from Asuna as he had called Kazumi by her first name. "Your hair really does look quite beautiful when it's down."

Much to Asuna and Setsuna's surprise Kazumi blushed at the compliment. "Th-Thanks Gohan-kun…" Kazumi trailed off as she twirled the loose hair around her pointer finger bashfully. "I'm glad you like it…"

"Never mind that!" Asuna barked angrily as she glared at Kazumi. "Don't you go picking on Negi, Asakura! He's only a kid!"

"Pick on him? What are you talking about?" Kazumi asked knowingly. "And speaking of that, didn't you used to say you hate kids?"

"Well I…"Asuna said with a stuttered, unsure on how to respond to that. She shook her head. "That doesn't matter. You shouldn't go picking on Gohan either."

"Thank you Asuna-san," Gohan said with a smile. At least she was supporting him, he thought at the moment.

"I just don't want to be associated with someone who wears those clothes if you bring Gohan out to the public," Asuna said which brought Gohan's down in depression.

Setsuna, Negi and Chamo all sweat-dropped at the same time after hearing Asuna's comment. They immediately felt some pity for Gohan after dashing his hopes of Asuna supporting him through this tough time. Gohan shook it off for now as he faced Kazumi and noticed that Chamo was on her shoulder. That could only mean one thing.

"I'm going to assume you are an ally now Kazumi-san since Chamo-san is hanging with you," Gohan said.

"That's right! This reporter nee-san is on our side now!" Chamo confirmed happily.

"Eh…? On our side!" Negi reiterated in bafflement.

"I, as a member of the breaking news club, Asakura Kazumi, have been moved by Chamo-chi's passion, so I'll be acting as your agent to protect your secret, Negi-sensei!" Kazumi said with a wink and a smirk. "Nice working with you!"

"EEH? REALLY?" Negi asked again.

"But, how do we know we can really trust you Kazumi-san?" asked Gohan.

"I'll give you the photograph evidence I have been taking up to now back to Negi as my proof," Kazumi said as she handed Negi a packet full of pictures. "Here you go Negi-sensei."

" W…WAAA! ALL RIGHT! Thank you Asakura-san!" Negi danced happily and Gohan smiled. Then Gohan felt some pictures scraping against his arm and looked down to see some more pictures but this time, they were about him.

"When did yo–" Gohan said.

"Ever since you corrected the girls on the Great Saiyaman," Kazumi said with a wicked smile. "You were very suspicious and I tried to uncover your secret but things kept getting in the way." Gohan smiled. Luck had a way with him. However, he noticed that Kazumi was blushing. But why, he wondered.

"Thank goodness! That's one problem down…" Negi said with a sigh of relief and tears of happiness.

"There there, Negi wasn't that nice?" Asuna asked as she patted the small boy's head causing Gohan and Setsuna to chuckle at the two's antics.

"What's going on Negi-sensei?" Ayaka asked in her kimono with Chizuru, Yuna and Makie.

"Ah, everyone! Finished your bath already?" Negi asked noticing their state and the girls nodded. "Actually I'm improving my relationship with Asakura-san just now!"

"Don't say things like that Negi-sensei. You're my teacher and I already have my eyes set on another boy," she smiled thinking of Gohan who was oblivious to her comment.

That's a relief, Ayaka thought happily.

"Hey, you girls! It's almost time for bed!" Nitta barked as he stepped into the lounge. "Hurry up and get back to your own room!"

"Ack! Nitta-sensei!" Makie balked.

"Don't get too soft with your students, Negi-sensei! Gohan-sensei!" Nitta berated the two young instructors.

"Y…Yes," Negi stuttered out as he scratched the back of his head. "I'm sorry."

"Me too," said Gohan while rubbing the back of his neck in embarrassment.

"Kagurazaka-san, let's begin patrol," Setsuna said as she started to head out and Asuna followed her.

"So Gohan-san, what are you going to do now?" Negi asked.

"Well, I was thinking of patrolling the inside corridors for any suspicious activity," Gohan responded. "What about you Negi-san?"

"I was going to check the outside for a bit but I think I'll head back to the room then," Negi said.

"Good," Gohan said with a decisive nod. He turned around and headed the opposite direction.



* * *



Meanwhile…

"We wasted last night on sleep, but tonight we're gonna play all night long!" No sooner had Yuna said this did a pillow slam right into her face shocking Makie.

"Ehehehe!" Ako giggled out still in throwing position.

"Nice shot Ak—" Yuna was cut off by a pillow hitting his face and upon removing he saw Ku tossing a pillow up and down innocently.

"You've done it now!" Yuna declared as she whipped the pillows at the girls. Ku managed to dodge, but Ako was knocked on her butt. The girls kept on fighting each other with the pillows while in other rooms…



* * *



"…And, the next night, when that Mangaka was working all by himself…" Misa said to Shiina, Madoka, Natsumi, Fuuka and Fumika in an eerie voice. "There came a voice from a radio which should have been discontinued…A voice from a woman no longer of this world!"

"GYAAH!" The twins screamed together in fright.



* * *



"EEEH?" Yue, Haruna and Konoka screamed together in happy surprise.

"You confessed to Negi-kun?" Konoka asked with a happy smile.

"Well done, Nodoka-san!" Gohan said suddenly appearing behind her making her jump.

"I…uh…" Nodoka stuttered out in embarrassment and surprise.

"No really, I'm quite proud of you Nodoka-san," Gohan said as he pet her head affectionately causing her to blush like a small child.

Gohan-sensei…Somehow he feels almost like a father with that aura, Nodoka thought with a small smile.

"That's right!" Haruna said as she pulled out juices for everyone. "We've got to toast to this!"

"Cheers!" Gohan, Yue, Konoka and Haruna cheered before downing their drinks.

" Ah...Um…Gohan-sensei…" Nodoka stumbled out.

"Yeah, Nodoka-san?" Gohan asked as he let out a deep breath from drinking so fast.

"H-Have you ever been confessed before?" Nodaka asked with a stutter.

Gohan turned wide eyed for a minute before letting out a smile. "Once I guess. I'm still not sure if it was a confession. I guess it was more of a blackmail thing. See there was this girl at my old school who found out my secret, which by the way I am not telling." Haruna pouted since she wanted to learn more about Gohan. Gohan ignored her as he continued with his story. "So I went out on a date with her which wasn't that bad, but it wasn't fun at the same time either."

"Why?" Yue asked.

"I had other things in mind and also I never went on a date before," Gohan said with a straight face. "I guess I got that from my dad who fought with my mom in a martial arts tournament and married her the same day of the tournament." This caused a few sweat-drops from the crowd. What kind of family do you have Gohan-sensei?

"So, what happened in the end?" Nodoka asked.

"Well it turns out that she was blackmailing me with a secret that really wasn't a secret which was that I wore teddy bear underwear. I don't see what the problem is with that though," Gohan said. Haruna and Yue fell backwards anime style. She was blackmailing him about his teddy bear underwear? What kind of people are in your school?

"So, does Nodoka have a chance with Negi-sensei?" Haruna asked.

"I guess so" Gohan said causing the girls to beam. "Negi-san hasn't thought much about girls, so he hasn't really developed any feelings like that…He is too goal orientated. That means he's a clean slate, but unfortunately that means Negi-san probably won't be able to return your feelings right now Nodoka-san…"

Nodoka nodded her head sadly as Gohan smiled apologetically at her. "Lucky for you, you confessed," Gohan said with a smile getting confused looks from everyone. "Because Nodoka-san confessed, she has made herself known to Negi and the front runner for possible girlfriend."

"Really?" Yue asked with a smile.

"Yup!" With that Konoka, Gohan, Haruna and Yue all cheered again. After that, Gohan said his goodbyes and left room. He closed the door behind him and went to search the corridors as a good teacher would do.

As soon as Gohan left the room though, he heard shouting from Nitta-sensei. "That's enough 3-A! Behave yourselves!" Gohan turned the corner and saw the girls lined up in squat position in front of Nitta. "This is preposterous! Just when I thought you were unusually quiet yesterday. No matter how lenient Negi-sensei and Gohan-sensei happen to be, as your guidance counselor, I won't let you do whatever you want!" Gohan sweat dropped a bit. Was he really that lenient? "Furthermore," Nitta continued, "it is prohibited to sneak out of your assigned room! If found, you will be made to sit in the seiza position in the lobby. Understood?" All the girls nodded in sadness.

Nitta-sensei left with a huff as Shizuna felt bad for all the girls that Nitta was being so strict. Gohan even felt bad for the girls. Although, the seiza position wasn't that all bad, he thought. He was in worst situations where it required something more than just sitting an uncomfortable position. Gohan walked away from the spot as he went to look around the corridors to see if the enemy would attack. However, if he had stayed a bit longer, he would have been horrified of what was going to happen next.

"Boo! This is boring!" Fuuka complained. "I want a pillow fight!"

"And I didn't even get to have an indecent talk with Gohan-kun…" Misa said with a pout. "I bet a guy as hot as that could even teach me a thing or two!" She had no freaking idea.

"And I wanted to sleep in the same futon as Negi-kun!" Makie whined.

"All right, I get the picture! Now hurry up back to your rooms!" Ayaka ordered with an annoyed tick.

"Looks like she's getting mad," Kazumi said as she stood by the door before she noticed the photo on the ground, and she let out a loud chuckle as she saw the picture. "This is awesome!"

"Wha…" Yuna yipped in shock at the sudden appearance.

"Asakura?" Madoka asked surprised. "What's with the new hairstyle?"

Kazumi blushed as all of the girls turned a critical eye toward the girl. "J-Just thought I would try something new is all…Never mind that though! I've got a suggestion for everyone. Wouldn't it be a waste if the night ended like this? Why don't we and the rest of 3-A play a little game?"

"What are you talking about?" Ayaka demanded in fury as she was still angry over what happened at the bath with Negi being naked with Kazumi. She wished she was in Kazumi's position. "As the class president I will not allow this!"

"A game? What sort of game?" Shiina asked as she ignored her class president's objections.

"I want to play!" Fuuka cheered.

"No!" Fumika opposed. "I don't want to squat in the lobby!"

"Let's just call it 'Lip Scramble! Operation: kiss Negi-sensei and Gohan-sensei passionately on this school trip'!" Kazumi said with a wink and sticking her tongue out with a smile. "I've reached an understanding with Negi-kun and Gohan-kun's 'manager'."

"EEH? A kiss with Gohan-kun…and Negi-kun?" Shiina asked with delighted wide eyes as the girls blushed in happiness except Ayaka who blushed in absolute shock.

"Hey, Hey! Not so loud! Nitta's going to come around again!" Kazumi whispered harshly.

A k-k-kiss with Negi-sensei? Nodoka thought blushing so brightly she was literally glowing red.

"The rules are simple. Every group will choose two representatives. All they have to do is not get caught by Nitta-sensei and everyone else, and get a kiss from Negi-sensei, who's in his room, and Gohan-sensei, who's somewhere in the building. You are allowed to sabotage the other teams! However, the only weapons you can use are pillows! There are wonderful prizes for those who do well. Furthermore, if you get caught by Nitta-sensei, you can't tell him about the game! You'll have to squat there until morning even if you end up dead! Kissing Negi-sensei is the main goal and if you kiss him it's the end of the game," Kazumi explained. "Gohan-sensei's like the secret boss in an RPG who has a secret prize, but is a lot harder to catch! As a result, you have a seventy-five percent chance of getting caught by Nitta and squatting until morning with no one to help you!"

"That's harsh! Once you get caught, no one can help you-aru!" Ku said in quiet excitement.

"Just what is this 'wonderful prize'?" Fuuka wondered aloud.

"It's a secret! But, you should be looking forward to it!" Kazumi whispered. "And, Gohan-kun's personal prize might be the same or might not! You'll have to catch him to find out what the secret boss has in stored for you!"

"Alright! It sounds interesting!" Shiina said excitedly as she imagined herself in an intense lip lock with her hot, older teacher.

"I like the goal! A kiss with Gohan-kun and Negi-sensei!" Misa said with a happy blush. I'm sure my boyfriend won't mind too much if it's for a game, right? J-Just a game is all! Nothing else! Maybe…

Ayaka then quickly stormed toward to Kazumi. "Asakura-san…"

"Hm? You mean we can't do it after all, Iincho?" Kazumi asked crossing her arms.

"Let's do it! As the class president, I wholeheartedly approve!" Ayaka whispered with a bright blush as she slapped the paparazzi girl's shoulder.

"Thanks…" Kazumi said uncertainly before turning to everyone and pumping her arm in the air. "Alright! Every group should let me know which two contestants they will be choosing before ten thirty! The game begins at eleven!"

"YEAH!" The class shouted with a whisper.

"Uwah! Looks like things are getting exciting!" Ako said practically shaking with excitement.

Kazumi laughed haughtily away from everyone. "How was that? Everything went well, right?" Kazumi asked as Chamo popped out of her chest.

"Just what I expected from nee-san! Everything is going according to plan!" Chamo said with a thumb's up (somehow) to the reporter, but she had a tick in her eye.

"Hey, where do you think your hiding?" Kazumi said as she ripped the ermine out of her breasts. "You are a real pervert, you know?"

Chamo just laughed without a care in the world. "My big 'Love-Love Kiss' operation's other side takes the form of these cards!" Chamo declared as he summoned three cards to him. One was the Pactio Card that Asuna currently had along with a mistake version of her's from the botched kiss before they faced Chachamaru in a surprise attack. The other card was the mistake card Konoka created at the store a couple of days ago. "The Pactio Cards! We're gonna get a whole bunch of them!"

"So these are the 'wonderful prizes', eh? All we have to do is collect them, right?" Kazumi said as she examined them.

"That's right! Aniki has the originals, but these are copies I've made with my power for the partners to use! If we count these two mistakes, then Aniki already got three of them." Chamo said with a please smile. "I've already set up a magic circle around this entire hotel! If anyone kisses Aniki while he's in the hotel, we'll be able to establish a contract immediately!"

"And, Gohan-kun?" Kazumi asked with a raised eyebrow.

"Gohan-nii-san uses a different energy source called ki and so I don't if it's possible to form pactios with him but I owe it to Nii-san for all he's helped Aniki to see if he can do it," Chamo explained with a proud pat against his chest. "But even if Nii-san can't for one, one card is worth fifty thousand ermine dollars, so if we get everyone that's thirty time fifty thousand…Awawa! We're gonna be millionaires nee-san!"

"And what's more, we're gonna make even more money out of the betting pools for the contest! This is great! I just can't stop laughing!" And, just as Kazumi said she was cackling nonstop.



* * *



Back in Negi and Gohan's room, Negi let out a sorrowful sigh. "It's going to be eleven o'clock soon. It looks like today was a disaster too…"

"Negi, we're back from patrolling!" Asuna announced as she stepped into the room. "Where's Gohan?"

"He's patrolling the corridors in case of inside attacks," Negi told her and Setsuna.

"Well, there were no sign of abnormalities. I've made the barrier stronger too," Setsuna told the boy. "Chamo-san seems to have cast some kind of weird spell as well…I wonder what he's up to."

"Okay, I'll go on patrol next," Negi decided as he suddenly felt a shiver go up his spine. "For some reason, I'm getting a weird feeling about tonight. Like it would be better for me not to be here or something…"

"Now that you mention it, I can feel something weird in the air too. I wonder if Gohan-san could identify it," Setsuna wondered aloud. "Although it doesn't feel hostile…"

"But won't the other teachers worry if you disappear in the middle of the night?" Asuna asked seriously. "It's not like you be in several places at once…"

"That's a good point Kagurazaka-san," Setsuna said as she pulled out a stack of human looking papers. "Hmm…Well then, I shall lend you these 'Substitution Stencils'."

"'Substitution Stencils'?" Negi asked, but before Negi could answer, Shizuna suddenly appeared in the room.

"Negi-sensei, Gohan-sensei! It's almost time to go to bed!" Shizuna said cheerfully. "Ara? Where's Gohan-sensei?"

"He said he was going to patrol the corridors for out of bed students," Negi explained.

"Then you don't need to worry about your students, please everything to us," Shizuna said with a pleased smile. "Since you are only ten, you can sleep when the students do."

"O…Okay," Negi lied knowing he was about to go check around the area.

"Don't leave your room okay?" Shizuna said before looking at her watch. "Ah…So busy!"

"Hurry up Nee-san! The game is about to begin!" Chamo said as Shizuna ripped off her hair to reveal it was once again Kazumi.

"Okay, okay! Calm down Chamo-chi!" Kazumi said with a feral grin as she ran down the corridor. "I've set up video cameras already, so we're prepared for anything! And, since I didn't have to convince Gohan-kun to roam the building, we are making even better time than I expected!"



* * *



From within a secret room she had set up a screen that had six videos being streamed into all the TV's for the class of 3-A. The representatives were Fuuka and Fumika for group 1, Kaede and Ku for group 2, group 3 was being represented by Ayaka and Chisame, group 4 by Makie and Yuna, finally group 5 was Yue and Nodoka. "All right Kazumi shouted into the microphone.

"School trip special operation! 'Operation: Kiss Negi-kun and Gohan-kun passionately on this school field trip!" Kazumi announced and the groups watched as their representatives through their television screen.

"Kyaah! It's starting!" Shiina said excitedly. I hope no one finds Gohan-kun even if I lose the bet…

"This is pretty formal!" Misa said impressed.

"Well then, let's introduce the contestants! First up is Team One!" Kazumi continued to announce through a microphone from her command center.

"Who did you bet on?" Shiina asked.

"I've got bets on teams Two and Four!" Misa said. I'm pretty sure that at least Team Four would go for Gohan-kun though…Yuna better not go for him!

"Iincho from Team Three is really gonna go for it!" Madoka said cheerfully; she had no bet on Gohan.

"What will we do if we win-aru? It'd be my first kiss, you know!" Ku whispered nervously. "My culture only surrenders our lips to men who are stronger than us and I already have my eyes set on the Great Singing Man, but I really want to win that prize-aru!"

"Hm…You could go for Gohan-kun de gozaru," Kaede said. 'Like me.' "He seems to be quite strong, no?"

"Ah, but I have challenged Gohan-kun to a battle already and until fulfill it, I cannot kiss him-aru!" Ku said with a pout before she muttered, "I wouldn't have challenged him if I knew about this game-aru…"

"In contrast to contestant Chisame, who's shown absolutely no interest, Iincho, with her boundless love, is the favorite! But Team Two's Ku Fei and Kaede, representing the Baka Rangers, shouldn't be underestimated either!" Kazumi explained.

"Alright! We're gonna win this!" Yuna said quietly.

"Eh heh he!" Makie said with a giggle with a slight blush. "A kiss with Negi-kun…hee hee!"

"I'm going to nab that stud, Gohan-kun!" Yuna said proudly.

"The other teams are: A confident pair from the athletic club for Team Two, the unassuming Narutaki sisters for Team One and the team from the underdog library club for Team Five!" Kazumi chirped happily. "It's not too late to place your bets! Come see me for the details!"

"We're gonna make a big profit!" Chamo whispered greedily.

"Onee-chan! I don't want to squat in the lobby!" Fumika grumbled.

"It'll be fine! We've learned all sorts of techniques from Kaede-nee!" Fuuka said dismissively.

"But, what if we run into Kaede-nee?" Fumika grumbled further.

"Y-Y-Yue…" Nodoka stuttered out.

"This is awful. This is only happening because we've got nothing but idiots in our class. And this idiotic event had to happen just at the time when Nodoka confessed her love," Yue complained in an annoyed tone.

"Yue! Yue, it's alright, it's just a game after all," Nodoka said trying to calm her best friend down, but Yue would have none of that.

"No, it's not alright!" Yue said angrily. "Negi-sensei is one of the most honest and upright people I know. Nodoka you didn't choose the wrong boy."

"Yu…Yue…"

"We're going to win and get you a kiss Nodoka!" Yue declared with a whisper. "Let's go!"

"R-Right!"

"Alright! Let the game begin!" Kazumi declared with a smile.



* * *



Gohan then felt a shiver in the air. For some, the air just got colder. I haven't felt this kind of dread for a while now even if it isn't evil. I wonder what is going on? Gohan mused as he walked through the halls.



* * *



Negi suddenly shivered. "What is this cold feeling? I guess I was right to go on patrol," Negi mused to himself as he strapped his staff to his back and picked up the paper Setsuna gave him with an ink brush. "I guess I'll use those 'Substitution Stencils' Setsuna-san gave me. She said for me to write my name in Japanese with this brush…"

Negi did that except… "Ah…I messed up…" Negi grumbled as he realized he messed up his Hiragana "Ne" with "Nu" before he stretchedhis shoulders a little bit. "I…I get kind of tense when I have to write with a brush…"

Negi tries to do it once again except his "Ne" comes out more of a "Mi". "Ah…Maybe I should write in Katakana…" Negi said with a frown as he tried to write in Katakana, but the "Ne" comes out more like a "Ho". "Eh…? This doesn't look right!"

Negi tries one more time before throwing four of the papers out in defeat. "This isn't going well…" Negi said as he took a steady breath and relaxed himself.

Amazingly, he finally, FINALLY managed to write his name correctly. "Alright, I've written it!" Negi cheered for himself. "Talisman-san Talisman-san, please take my place."

"Hello, my name is Negi," the stencil Negi said looking identical to Negi.

"Waah! That's pretty cool! It looks just like me! It's almost like used Gohan-nii's Shadow Clone Jutsu!" Negi said as he examined the copy before he headed to the window. "Stay here in my place and go to sleep, okay?"

"I'm Negi," the stencil Negi reiterated.

"Alright! See you later! I'm going off to patrol!" Negi said as he jumped out the window and hurried to the outer limits of the hotel before he pulled the rest of the Substitution Stencils out. "This Japanese Onmyoudou stuff is amazing! I managed to copy myself with nothing more than a single piece of paper. I wonder if my double is doing okay. Ah, but Setsuna-san gave me these after all, so it should be alright. Now then, back to patrolling!"

Back in Negi and Gohan's room the messed up stencils slowly climbed out of the trashcan. "I'm Nugi," the first stencil copy said.

"I'm Migi."

"My name is Hogi Hupringfield."

"I'm Yagi."

"Hello, I'm Negi," the stencil Negi said in a zombie-like fashion. "It seems like quite a lot of you have been created."

"That's right," stencil Nugi said.

"Yep," stencil Migi agreed.

"Yes," stencil Hogi confirmed.

"Yup," stencil Yagi said with a nod.

"I've been ordered to stay here and sleep," stencil Negi explained.

"I have no orders," stencil Nugi said plainly.

"Nor I," stencil Hogi and stencil Migi said together.

"Well then, let's just watch TV while we wait," stencil Yagi said as he sat in front of the television set with his 'brothers' except stencil Negi who went into his futon.

"Alright," the stencil brothers agreed in stereo.



* * *



"That's the cue Nee-san!" Chamo exclaimed excitedly.

"Alright, let's see who'll be the first to make a move on Negi-sensei's room!" Kazumi chirped pleasantly. "And, who will find the secret boss, Son Gohan?" No one I hope…' Kazumi thought to herself as she played with her hair again with a blush. "Broadcasting live is Asakura from the news club! Currently Teams Two, Three and Four are approaching rapidly! I've got a feeling there's going to be a skirmish soon!"

"Kyaah! Go for it Team Three! Go Iincho!" Shiina cheered.

"Go for it Team One!" Madoka shouted with a whisper.

"Yuna, Yuna," Makie said pulling on the girl's sleeve.

"Yeah?" Yuna asked as she kept a look out for the blonde hottie.

"I heard that Negi-sensei is in a teacher's room, but there's no doubt that Demon Nitta is keeping watch nearby. What should we do?" Makie asked nervously; she really doesn't want to squat.

Yuna just let out a small evil chuckle. "All we have to do is let him get rid of our opponents," Yuna declared meanly. "I just hope I can find Gohan-kun before we get to Negi-kun."

"Hey, Iincho," whispered Chisame, "would it be bad if I just went home?"

"Chisame-san," Ayaka responded with a whisper, "it is not good to be a poor sport."

The two walked in silence, but as they turned the corner Ayaka had an unexpected surprise. They had come across Makie and Yuna! Makie let out a shocked gasp as she saw the enemy. "Iincho?"

"Makie-san!" Ayaka whispered forcibly as she readied her pillow. "This is war!"

The two girls swung their pillows at each other in perfect synchronization and just as perfectly smashed each other's faces. The two fell back together, but Yuna saw her chance! "You did it, Makie! You knocked out Iincho!" Yuna cheered as she readied to swing her pillow forward only for her to get tripped by Chisame.

"Oh, I see plenty of prey!" Ku whispered as she jumped down the stairs with three pillows; with the might of a practiced marital artist, Captain Ku Fei landed in the middle and threw the pillows together. "Chinese Triple Pillow Attack!"

With a powerful blow, Ku knocked Ayaka, Chisame and Yuna back at once. Chisame didn't have time to dodge the super-fast pillow as she was knocked to her butt.

Ku laughed in victory as Ayaka growled furiously. "Now you've done it!"

"Whoa! It's started already! It's a three-way melee between Yuna, Makie, Ayaka and Ku Fei! Will Ku Fei of the martial arts club have the upper hand? It's against the rules not to use pillows, you know!" Kazumi announced as Yuna, Makie, Ayaka and Ku battled each other.

"Ch-Chisame!" Ayaka yelled. "Watch my back!" However, Chisame was nowhere to be seen. "What? She's gone?"

Actually, Chisame was just retreating from the fight. Ah, you got to be kidding! She said to herself, I can't believe this…I'll have no part in this. I'm cutting outta here on the double. Besides, I have a home page to update. As she was walking back to her room while looking at the spectacle of the fight, she ran into someone. She landed on the floor with a thud. She looked up to see who she ran into, hoping that it wasn't Nitta-sensei. It was in fact, Gohan!

"Huh? What's going on here?" Gohan said suddenly from around the corner stopping all of the combatants in mid strike. Slowly, they turned to look at Gohan with an unreadable look in their eyes.

"What an unexpected development!" Kazumi said over the microphone. "It seems the secret boss, Son Gohan, has stumbled unknowingly into the melee! Shall his lips be captured? Who will chase the assistant teacher?"

"Gohan-kun?" Yuna whispered in awe.

"Yuna-san? What's going on?" Gohan asked with his head tilted.

"We're playing a game where we have to kiss you and Negi-bouzu," Kaede explained with a happy smile.

"Oh, I see…" Gohan said as he turned and continued his walk until what Kaede said processed through his brain. "WHAT?"

His answer was Yuna making a bomb dive toward him, but luckily years of training allowed him to duck under her attack and run aw—err—make a tactical retreat!

"After him Ku! He's heading towards Negi-bouzu's room de gozaru!" Kaede said as she chased after Gohan with Ku hot on her heels.

Not to be outdone, teams Three and Four followed after them at break neck speed. Gohan turned around to see the pair of Baka Rangers chasing at him and even catching up! He turned the corner only to find out it was a dead end, but lucky for him, he disappeared using fast speeds much to Kaede's annoyance.

Gohan popped up on the other side of the hall only for teams Three and Four to spot him, but luckily he ran the opposite direction of Negi's room causing Ayaka and a reluctant Makie to back off while Yuna gave chase.

Turning towards a random door, he opened it only for Nitta to be standing there menacingly. Not caring one bit right now, he jumped over the man and continued down the hall.

"GOH—" Nitta was cut short as Yuna ran head first into the man causing the three to topple over. Chisame heard the noise and ran towards it, however she immediately regretted the decision once she saw Nitta. "Hasegawa, Akashi, what are you up to?"

"Crap, it's Demon Nitta!" Yuna yelled as she tried to run off with Chisame only for him to grab the back of their kimonos.

"I don't think so you two, it's squatting in the lobby for both of you!"

The two sadly were dragged to the lobby where they were forced to squat; their teammates could only look from around the corner. "Sorry Yuna," Makie apologized.

"Those two are down and we can't help our fallen comrades, remember," Ayaka agreed. "However, those idiot athletes couldn't accomplish anything. Above all else, we've gotta be 100% focused on Negi-sensei's lips," Ayaka said.

"Eh? No way," Makie whispered unhappily.

"In any case, the two of them won't be enough to stop us," Ayaka said with a smirk. "First, let's call a temporary truce."

"Alright!" Makie said in agreement. "It'll be an alliance! But the faster one of us will be the winner! No complaints!"

"The victims are beginning to appear! The director of activities, Nitta the Demon, has caught Hasegawa and Akashi! Teams Three and Four have suffered a great loss!" Kazumi announced. "Once more Gohan-sensei has managed to stay ahead of Kaede and Ku Fei despite their own Baka power!"

The girls turned to the camera to see Gohan jumping back and forth from wall to wall in the hallway as Kaede and Ku chased him down at great speed. "Why is this happening to me?" Gohan muttered. As he ran by Negi and his room, Gohan detected something strange emanating from the room. He turned serious and phased out of existence. This caught Kaede and Ku Fei by surprise as they stopped and looked everywhere for Gohan.

Gohan in the meantime, was in the corner, hiding his presence as much as he could. He knew that Ku Fei and Kaede were martial artists and they used a form of ki in a way. Once the coast was clear, he walked back to the room, making sure no one was following him.



* * *



Meanwhile…

"Yu…Yue…" Nodoka stuttered out as she crawled on the ledge of the roof behind Yue who had a flashlight in her mouth and a map in hand.

"What is it? We gotta hurry," Yue said a bit testily.

"Why are we passing through here to get to Negi-sensei?" Nodoka questioned as they crawled in the small space right under the hotel roof. "This is just like our club activities…"

"According to my calculations, this is the safest and fastest route," Yue explained to the shy girl. "Negi-sensei's room is at the ending of the building, so there's no avoiding meeting our enemies or Nitta-sensei. Also, neither of us have any interest in the secret boss, Gohan-sensei, so we don't have to go through the halls to try and find him."

"So, if we use the back routes, we can easily get to the room at the back through the fire escape…" Nodoka said in understanding. "B…But, the fire escape might be locked…"

"I thought that might have been the case, so I unlocked it in advance," Yue explained as she helped Nodoka up a higher level of the roof.

"Y-Yue, you're wonderful," Nodoka said with a smile. "I knew you could do it."

"Hey now, Nodoka!" Yue replied. "You can thank me after we have accomplished our goal." Nodoka nodded and both of them continued on their path.

"It's open," Nodoka said happily as she opened the fire escape door.

"No one's here yet…This is our chance," Yue whispered as the two quietly walked down the hall. "Room 304 is…over there is Negi-sensei's room. Come on, Nodoka. Let's go."

"Ri…Right! Thanks!" Nodoka thanked bashfully. A…A kiss with Negi-sensei…

Suddenly a rope ladder fell from the ceiling and a voice said, "No one is here yet…Now's our chance!"

Nodoka looked up to see a ceiling tile removed and the Narutaki twins dressed up in ninja garbs climbing down. "I'm scared!" Fumika cried quietly.

"Come on Fumika. We're almost at Negi-kun's room and Gohan-kun's on the way!" Fuuka said trying to motivate her sister.

"How do you know that Onee-chan?" Fumika asked shocked.

"I had Madoka call me when Gohan-kun was spotted!" Fuuka said showing her cellphone off.

"That's cheating Onee-chan," Fumika scolded halfheartedly.

"Nuh uh, Asakura never said we couldn't use our cellphones," Fuuka said sticking her tongue out at the camera. "I was just thinking outside the box!"

"…Eh? What's this?" Nodoka asked herself not quite believing what she's seeing; it's like something out of a novel!

"Ah! Team Five!" Fumika yipped as she noticed the library girls.

"Damn it! Eliminate them Fumika!" Fuuka ordered.

"Fuu-chan, Fumi-chan?" Nodoka questioned still surprised.

Fuuka prepared her pillow attack. "Witness my Kouga style—"

Fuuka was cut off as a pillow suddenly slammed into her head causing her to drop one of her pillows. "Fuuka-san Fumika-san! I will be your opponent!" Yue declared very manga-like to the two girls.

"Damn you Yue-kichi! That was rough! Do you think you can oppose a unit of Kouga Ninja de gozaru?" Fuuka barked to the girl nervously.

"That's what she's thinking!" Fumika said frightened, but she had no time to comprehend when Yue slammed a pillow on top of both of their heads and leaving them there.

"Y…You've done it now!" Fuuka declared angrily until she saw Yue pull out two heavy textbooks and held one in each hand menacingly.

"Ah! She's bringing out some kind of dangerous weapon!" Fumika squeaked as Yue slammed the books on the two girls' heads right over the pillows causing the two to cry out in pain.

"Yue-kichi! Books are against the rules!" Fuuka cried out pitifully as the book hit her head once more. "OW!"

"If I hit you over the pillows it's allowed," Yue said smugly as she whacked them again before they could even think to dodge and Nodoka could only there in stunned disbelief at her friend.

"I'll hold them back here…Nodoka, hurry up and get through that door!" Yue ordered as the twins finally counterattacked with their pillows.

"Y…Yue…B…But…Auu…" Nodoka stuttered out; she didn't want to abandon her friend!

"Oyo! We've found them!" Ku cheered as she and Kaede have come into the fray.

"Now's your chance Fumika," Fuuka whispered excitedly. "I'll hold off Kaede-nee!"

"H…Hurry up and get in there!" Yue ordered prepared to hold off Ku (she had unintentionally formed an alliance with Fuuka). "I will close the door!"

"Y…Yue…" Nodoka said surprised as she was pushed in the room and door closed. When she turned around she suddenly realized she was alone in Negi's room causing her to blush bright red. "Negi-sensei…"

Gathering as much courage as she could, Nodoka sat down next to the sleeping Negi's futon. "N-Negi-sensei…I'm sorry…It had to be like this, b-but I'm glad Sensei…please let me kiss you…"

Slowly she began to bend over… "N…Negi-sensei…I…I'm going ahead… " Nodoka said as she slowly bent forward, but she couldn't help but notice a strange sense of déjà vu. 'Huh? It feels like I've done this before?

"Chu," stencil Nugi said from the top of the futon stopping Nodoka in her tracks as she saw four other Negis in the room.

"It's a kiss!" Stencil Migi said excitedly.

"She's going for it!" Stencil Hogi concurred.

"Understood!" Stencil Yagi said with a nod and Nodoka suddenly started to feel dizzy and freaked out at the same time.

"Here I come Kaede-nee!" Fuuka yelled as she dashed and jumped at Kaede only for the taller girl to throw her pillow at her.

Fuuka was hit head on and went flying backward, but Yue caught her. The two girls nodded as they blocked the corridor from Ku and Kaede going any further. Gohan, meanwhile, was around the corner, waiting for his chance to get back into the room without being noticed. However his decision was taken from when a terrifying sound came from his and Negi's room.

"HYAAAH!" Nodoka had screamed in a terrified voice.

"What was that scream-aru?" Ku wondered in surprise as she sat on Yue as the fighting stopped.

"Nodoka-san!" Gohan yelled as he came around the corner, catching everyone by surprise. He burst into the door.

"Honya! What's wrong-aru?" Ku asked as she and Yue followed Gohan into the room to see Nodoka passed out on the ground.

"Nodoka?" Yue questioned in shock, but Gohan realized there was only one way the culprit who did this to Nodoka could have escaped. So without further ado, Gohan jumped out the window in search of the monster that would attack someone like Nodoka.

"Damn, they escaped through the window-aru!" Ku called as she looked out to see Gohan running.

"After them Fumika!" Fuuka ordered as she jumped out after Gohan.

"Ah! Onee-chan!" Fumika squawked as she followed her sister.

"He's heading to the lobby de gozaru!" Kaede said as she pulled Ku with her in an attempt to ambush Gohan from the other side.

"Nodoka! Get a hold of yourself! Nodoka!" Yue cried as she cradled the girl's head and shook her.

"Five Negi-senseis…" Nodoka said dizzily.

"What are you talking about?" Yue asked with a puzzled frown.

"Iyaan! What happened Team Five?" Shiina asked; she was quite happy that Gohan managed to escape.

"It looks like they failed at the kiss! What a shame!" Misa cried sadly; the three were really into this game.

"I…It seems that Team Five's Miyazaki Nodoka managed to enter Negi's room but failed to kiss him! Negi-sensei has escaped! The odds are still the same!" Kazumi said pumped up from all this. "And, Gohan-sensei has also managed to escape Ku Fei and Kaede's clutches but the Narutaki twins are following him from behind! Will they catch the man that so far has evaded all capture?"

"N…Nee-san…Asakura nee-san!" Chamo yelled getting the reporter's attention and she turned to the ermine puzzled.

"What?"

"I…I think I'm seeing things…It looks like there're five Negi-Anikis…" Chamo said as he looked on the screen to see a Negi on five of the six camera screens.

"What?" Kazumi said as she blinked at the screen owly.



* * *



Meanwhile…

"Nothing out of the ordinary! I feel a bit calmer now…I should get back and get some rest soon," Negi said with a happy nod before frowned thoughtfully. "But still…Miyazaki-san…Just what should I do about her?"

"N…Negi-sensei…Are you in here?" Ayaka called out quietly in an empty room; she and Makie had decided to split up. "I heard he escaped room 304…Just where is Negi-sensei?"

"Iincho-san…" A Negi said from behind her much to her surprise.

"Negi-kun! Come on out! I've got candy from Kyoto!" Makie called out in the hallway with a lollipop. "Maybe Negi-kun likes chocolates more than candy?" Makie decided to take a bite. "Ah…This is delicious!"

"Makie-san…" A Negi said from around a corner.

Ku and Kaede were currently in heading toward the lobby as quick as possible when a voice stopped them in their tracks. "Ku Fei-san…"

Fuuka and Fumika were chasing down Gohan as they headed towards the lobby when all of the sudden a voice stopped them in their tracks. "Fumika-chan…"

"Ah! Negi-sensei!" Fumika yelped.

"I'm going to bring Negi-sensei here! Just rest here, Nodoka," Yue said as she tucked Nodoka into Negi's futon. "Alright!"

But before that I have to go to the toilet, Yue thought and she headed toward the door, but she was surprised to see Negi on the side. "N-Negi-sensei!"

"Ah hello, Yue-san!" Negi greeted scratching the back of his head.

"Perfect timing, Negi-sensei. I need you to—"

"Miyazaki-san is sleeping, isn't she?" Negi interrupted her. "This is perfect timing after all…"

Negi walked in and closed the door behind him. "Actually I have something to speak to you about, Yue-san."

"Eh? W-What is it?"

"Um…It's difficult for me to talk about this, but I've thought it over and I…The truth is…I…" Negi hesitated as he blushed and took a deep breath. "Yue-san, I…Is it okay if I kiss you, Yue-san?"

"Eh…Ak-k-kiss…? With me?" Ayaka asked in shock.

"Yes," the Negi said.

"Can I 'chu' you?" A Negi asked Makie.

"Eh?" Makie squeaked in surprise.

"I have a request…A kiss with…" The Negi trailed off at the stunned looks the two girls were giving him;

"Fumika-chan, I'll be claiming your lips now," the Negi told her much to the Narutaki twins and Gohan's shock. "EH?" Fuuka and Fumika squeaked together.

"Eh...W…Wha…Negi-sensei…?" Yue could only stutter.

"It sure seems lively inside the hotel…" Asuna noted while in the bath with Setsuna.

"Y-You're right! I don't feel any evil energy though," Setsuna said thoughtfully.

The spectator girls could only look on in shock and disbelief as they saw all of the Negis confront the groups. They were wondering how the hell they managed to pull this one off; even Chao looked a bit puzzled at this never hearing about this before.

"Whoa! H…Huh? What the hell is going on here?" Kazumi asked in an announcer voice that made it sound like she actually knew. "Five Negi-senseis? And, they're confessing to everyone simultaneously?"

"Whoa! What the heck is this?" Haruna whispered in surprise.

"I…Incredible! Which is the real thing?" Ako wondered aloud.

"It can't be…Imposters?" Akira asked not sure if this is even possible, but she be damned if it wasn't enticing her to continue watching.

"Awesome! What a plot twist! Now I'm really getting excited!" Shiina said with stars in her eyes; she didn't even care about anyone kissing Gohan right now, this stuff was gold! G-O-L-D!

"You really know how to put on a show Asakura!" Misa agreed happily.

Meanwhile in the control room, the second Kazumi put her microphone down and turned it off she and Chamo began freaking out! "Awawawa! This is bad! Aniki turned into five people!" Chamo screamed in panic.

"Wh-What the hell are those things?" Kazumi yelled in shock and horror (Gohan might get really pissed at her for this turn of events). "You're a spirit, right? Do something about it!"

"Ne…Negi-sensei…?" Yue asked as she stepped back completely red faced.

"May I, Yue-san?" Negi asked as he stepped closer.

"Ah…Um…I…" Yue stuttered when she lost her footing at the end of the futon and fell right below Nodoka's feet. "Ah!"

"Yue-san…" Negi said as he crawled on top of her.

"Ah…Just a mi…" Yue stuttered out nervously until she saw Nodoka's sleeping face above hers. "I…I have misjudged you, Negi-sensei! Nodoka confessed to you, and you go after me right afterwards? Tell me that's not true!"

"I'm sorry…But it's all because I wanted to kiss you, Yue-san!" Negi said with a much focused look and a blush that did nothing but make Yue blush even harder.

"Whoa! Damn it! I can't see a thing from this camera angle!" Kazumi exclaimed as she looked into the screen that showed Negi's room from outside his window. "What happened? Did Team Five's Ayase Yue get a kiss? What an unbelievable ambush! I don't know what's going on, but it seems the odds are now on Team Five!"

"Iincho-san…" The Negi said as he touched the blonde president's cheek.

"Negi-sensei…" Ayaka said with a dizzy smile.

"No, I'm Nugi," stencil Nugi corrected.

"Nugi-sensei…" Ayaka corrected absently.

"Well then, let's kiss…" Stencil Nugi said, but Ayaka spun away suddenly.

"Aaah! Please, just wait a moment! I can't have my first kiss with Negi-sensei while my face is like this!" She said in embarrassment before she pulled out the camera she had borrowed from Kazumi for this glorious moment. "Let's do it in front of the camera with makeup on!"

Pulling her makeup out she starts to powder her face properly. "Just hold on for two…No, three minutes! Hah! It's just like my dream! Who would have thought Negi-sensei would be the first to make a move? What should I do?"

"Makie-sa—" Makie was cut off as she pushed Negi away in embarrassment.

"Mou…Negi-kun! You pervert!" Makie exclaimed before she pulled the boy toward her and pinched his cheeks. "Aww…This is so exciting, Negi-kun! I just can't say no to a kid! Just a little one, okay?"

"Ku Fei-san…" The Negi groaned as Ku Fei kicked him into the wall in embarrassment.

"Ayaya…When it gets down to it, I'm embarrassed-aru…" Ku said holding her burning red face. "Just wait a minute, okay?"

Kaede could only sigh and shake her head at this and frowned knowing that should Ku succeed in this kiss it could mean she lost her chance to kiss Gohan. She wondered if it was wrong that she wanted her friend to fail…

"Fumika-chan…" The final Negi trailed off as he watched Fuuka tried to beat up Fumika in jealously as Gohan held the two apart (far enough that they couldn't kiss him) with a sweat drop.

"Why only you? We're meant to be twins!" Fuuka raged as she was suspended in midair by Gohan. "He's not even your target!"

Fumika could only blush at that as she stared shyly at Gohan who acted like he didn't hear anything; which she was thankful for. "It's because Onee-chan is so violent!" Fumika yelled furiously at her older sister for saying something like that. Gohan let out a sigh. Man, this is troubling. These two act like Goten and Trunks do when there is a strong opponent involved, Gohan thought to himself with a smile. These twins should definitely meet Goten and Trunks. Probably not Gotenks though.

Gohan felt something in the air and dropped his smile. He turned serious. Something was going down and really bad. He let go of the twins and disappeared, leaving the twins and Negi (well, not technically) in awe.

"Team 3! Is Iincho from Team Three going to do it? No, Team Four and Two as well! Ku Fei and Makie are also getting ready to kiss!" Kazumi continued to announce. "Fuuka is currently trying to attack little Fumika! And Gohan-kun has disappeared!" Thank God. "Where did he go? It looks like it's time for the finale! It's the showdown of the century!"

"Iincho hurry up and get him!" Madoka cheered.

"Whoa, how did Gohan-kun do that?" Misora asked in shock; she had never seen someone use a teleport spell like that before! There wasn't even a magic circle around him!



* * *



Back in Gohan and Negi's room…

Yue continued to try to push off Negi but to no avail. It can't be…Negi-sensei is actually…? No…Wait! There's something wrong here! This is way too sudden! It's true I have a good opinion of Negi-sensei, but apart from that I have done nothing to attract his attention! Yue thought in complete panic and disbelief as well as strangely a bit of attraction. Compared to the other people in the class, there's nothing especially cute about me. There's no way Negi-sensei should be particularly interested in me, especially with an undeveloped body like mine! I can't figure out the reason! Is it because our heights are similar? No, that's just…And even if we were to suppose he really liked me, would he really be the sort to make a move right after Nodoka confessed to him? No, this isn't right! I don't like sensei if he's like that! Is he just acting or is this a trap by Asakura Kazumi from the news club…?

Negi slowly pulled Yue towards him. We can't do this, Nodoka is—

Yue stopped mid thought as Negi's face slowly came closer as his eyes slowly slid to a close. Ahh…He's only ten years old, but he looks so mature when he's about to kiss! No, that's…No…um…This…This is wrong…

She pushed her face away as far as possible knowing how absolutely wrong this is. W-We can't…Nodoka, Yue thought pitifully, but found herself slowly wanting to do this much to her horror until she turned towards the television to see four other Negis on the screen. "Wh…Four…Five Negi-senseis?"

Suddenly discovering a new found strength, she pushed this imposter off of her with a groan and rolled away. "W…Who are you?"

The imposter did something that stunned Yue completely: his arms stretched to grab her! "WHAT?" Yue yelled in shock.

"Hello, I'm Negi," stencil Negi said ominously as he held Yue in place.

"What's going on?" Nodoka asked groggily as she slowly woke up, but she had another shock when she saw stencil Negi's arms extended out and made to grab at her. "KYAAH!" She closed her eys.

"KISS!" Stencil Negi shouted as he suddenly dived at Nodoka only for a fist to suddenly punch him into the wall. She snapped her eyes open and looked up to see who intervened. Gohan was standing with his right fist held out. "Get your filthy hands of my student you imposter."

"Imposter? What do you mean Gohan-sensei?" Yue asked due to the swirl of emotions in her head. Yue was completely surprised by Gohan's sudden appearance, but thankful all the same. It really was stunning how protective he seemed to be of Nodoka though.

"N-N-Gohan-sensei! You k-k-killed him!" Nodoka stuttered in fear.

"Calm down, Nodoka. This Negi-sensei is an imposter," Yue said calmly as looked at the fake impassively. "That's what you get for playing with a girl's heart."

"My name was Negi," stencil Negi said before he exploded into smoke and Gohan covered the two of them protectively. They needn't have worried for all that happened was a paper that said "Negi Springfield" in Hiragana appeared.

"What's this?" Nodoka asked as she coughed from the smoke.

"I knew it! He was just a fake! Just what is going on here…?" Yue asked as she noticed Gohan studying that paper thoughtfully. "A paper shape? I remember seeing something like this back in occult book…"

If I remember correctly, these are paper doubles where you write your name on the sheet and your double appears, Gohan thought as he studied the paper. I believe that Setsuna-san gave some to Negi-san. I am going to have a stern talk with him. But what is up with this game? I am starting to believe that Chamo-san is at fault for some reason.



* * *



"All done! Thanks for waiting!" Ayaka said as she clapped her hands happily, but stencil Nugi paid no attention to her at all as he felt one of his brothers disappear. "Negi-sensei…?"

Without any warning or reason Nugi took off at the exact same time as his brothers. "Ah! Negi-sensei, where are you going?" Ayaka called as she dashed after her beloved.

"Aah! Negi-kun, where are you going?" Makie yelped in surprise.

"Negi-bouzu! Wait up-aru!" Ku shouted; he ran away just as she had finally built up her nerve.

"Ah! Negi-sensei is getting away!" Fumika yelled.

"Ah! Gohan-sensei has disappeared!" Fuuka shouted as she fell on her butt before realizing that Negi was still there. "Wait up, Negi-sensei!"

"Hm?" Yuna and Chizuru said together as all of the sudden four Negis appeared as well as all of the members of the teams; everyone but Nodoka, Gohan and Yue were completely shocked.

Why do I get the feeling that Negi-san is like Goten where he gets me into more trouble, Gohan thought especially when he saw some of the girls eyed him.

"Eeeh? It's full of Negi-senseis!" Fumika shouted in shock.

"It's the body splitting jutsu!" Fuuka yelled impressed.

"…Full of senseis…" Ayaka said drooling in pure bliss.

"Be on your guard! These are probably fakes organized by Asakura-san!" Yue told them quietly.

"T…This is a mess! All the Negi-senseis have gathered in one place! What will the teams do now?" Kazumi said trying to make it all seem according to plan. "And, even the secret boss Gohan-kun has reappeared after his mysterious disappearance only a moment earlier to head down what I'm sure to be the final confrontation!"

"What a mess…" Chamo muttered as he watched the screen.

"Nitta's gone to patrol the third floor! Win for me, okay?" Yuna said quietly.

"Mou! I can't take it anymore!" Makie yelled as she bomb dived to one of the Negi-senseis.

"My name was Nugi," stencil Nugi said with a victory sign before he blew up into paper.

"Whoa! It exploded! Was this sensei a fake?" Kazumi asked excitedly into the microphone.

"Let's just kiss one of them-aru! Let's catch one Kaede-aru!" Ku Fei said and Kaede nodded with a thoughtful look.

"Ah! Ku Fei-san!" Yue said in surprise.

Before the brothers could comprehend what happened, a Negi was in Kaede clutches and Ku quickly kissed his cheek. "Err…My duties have been fulfilled. By the way, my name was Migi," Migi said before he exploded creating even more smoke.

"Ah! Hey! What's all this smoke?" Nitta demanded as he appeared in the smoke.

"This is bad! Everyone, Nitta is here!" Yuna whispered to everyone only for the two remaining Negis to jump out in front of him.

"KISS!" The two yelled shocking Nitta so much that he actually fainted. The two didn't wait around however as they ran away as fast as possible.

"Nitta-sensei is—"

"I don't think he'll be rejoining us…" Yue interrupted Nodoka as she looked at the passed out Nitta.

"Negi-kun got away!" Fuuka yelled. "Do they explode if we kiss the wrong one?"

"Yes, and violently at that!" Ayaka confirmed as she ran after the boys of her dreams. "Come on, after him!"

"Uhyaah! They even got Nitta-sensei!" Shiina said pumping her fist powerfully. "And, Gohan-kun managed to get away!"

"What was that Sakurako?" Madoka asked slyly.

"Nothing," Shiina squeaked quickly.

"Jeez…Who cares about that?" Misa asked referring to Nitta and not Gohan since she does care about that. "Just kiss him! Go for it Fuuka, Fumika!" End this game before Gohan-kun is captured!

"Wait up, sensei!" Fuuka called as she and Fumika chased him down the hall. Thanks to a flying tackle from Fuuka the Negi was captured. "I've got you, Negi-sensei…"

Fuuka kissed the Negi on the cheek while Fumika decided to stay out of it, only for this one to explode and send the two girls flying.

"Those other two were fakes, huh?" Ayaka said as she ran happily. "Huhuhu…Then that means the last one is…"

"Aah! Iincho is going to get the last Negi-sensei—"

"It's okay, Nodoka. That last one is…"

"I've got you, Negi-sensei!" Ayaka said as she caught the boy from behind.

"Ah! Iincho-san…" The Negi said in surprise.

Those round eyes, that cute mouth…There's no mistake about it. This is the real Negi-sensei! Ayaka thought confidently as she examined the boy before pulling her face closer. "Please excuse me, Negi-sensei…"

The second their lips connected in the long awaited kiss, the Negi exploded in her face. "My name was Hogi," stencil Hogi said distantly…

"What?" Ayaka muttered as she fell over with slight burns on her and a paper landed next to her. "No way, that can't be…"

"Wha…What the heck is going on here?" Kazumi wondered in the microphone as she and Chamo stuffed their bags full of the meal tickets, which coincidentally was the betting pool. "It seems all the Negi-senseis were fake! Does this mean the proceeds of the betting pool go to me?"

"Hey! No way, Asakura!" Misa yelled out angrily.

"Give us back our meal tickets!" Shiina and Madoka demanded from the television set.



* * *



Gohan was darting from corridor to corridor safely. He felt the disappearance of the strange ki signatures that the fake Negis were giving so he knew to avoid that area but he was still being cautious. "There's Gohan-kun! Stop right there-aru!" Ku demanded as she and Kaede chased after him.

Gohan cursed his luck and turned around to run straight back to where the lounge is; hopefully, Nitta had woken back up to capture the two of them. And thanks to Kami, or Dende, he was awake. Gohan let out a smirk as he phased out, leaving behind Ku Fei and Kaede to deal with Nitta. Nitta was pissed as he reprimanded the two.

Gohan couldn't let go of a small chuckle as he saw the scene unfold before as he watched from a corner. Now it is time to end this game, he said to himself. He ran along the corridors and came across Yue and Nodoka. "Nodoka-san, Yue-san, what is going on?"

"Gohan-sensei, we are trying to find the real Negi-sensei," replied Yue. "Do you know where he is?"

"Hmm," Gohan responded as he closed his eyes to find Negi's ki signature. Once he did, Gohan opened his eyes and let out a smile. "He is just outside. He should be coming any minute now."

"T-Thanks Gohan-sensei," Nodoka said.

"Sure thing Nodoka-san," Gohan said with his usual Son grin. "Good luck." He continued running as he felt some of the girls behind him. Yue and Nodoka both looked at each other and proceeded down the halls. While running, Nodoka spotted Negi entering the inn from the window.

"It seems like Gohan-sensei was right," Nodoka said running through the halls.

"It seems like I owe Gohan-sensei a lot for this night," Yue mumbled. She looked out the window and saw the real Negi coming back. "There he is!" she pushed Nodoka into the lobby to meet the boy.

"Nee-san! It's the real Aniki! He has the staff!" Chamo said as he watched the screen stopping Kazumi's plans of escape right in their tracks.

"W…What did you say…?" Kazumi asked surprised.

"Ooh?" Misa, Madoka and Shiina said together happily at the newest development.

"Miyazaki-san about what happened this afternoon," Negi started.

"No we don't have to talk about it! As long as you heard what I said I'm fine!" Nodoka said.

"I'm sorry Miyazaki-san that I can't give a reply. I really don't know what I means to like someone. But I like Miyazaki-san, but I like everyone in my class. Asuna-san, Iincho and all the baka rangers. I like them as a teacher would like their students. I can't give you a proper answer yet," Negi explained himself. "How about we start out as friends yes?"

"Okay," Nodoka smiled. Yup this is the real Negi, he is only 10 after all. Yue thought.

"What are they saying? I can't hear!" Yuna complained across the room as she and Chisame tried to listen in.

"Heh…" Asuna laughed from around the corner, but suddenly she felt a gust of air blow past her as she saw Gohan run with Fuuka and Fumika on his heel.

"Um…Well then, let's go back," Negi suggested.

"Y-Yes," Nodoka agreed as she took a step forward. Then an idea came to her and smirked. She kicked Nodoka's right foot and toppled her over, going towards Negi's face.

"Out of the way!" Gohan yelled as he jumped on the back of the couch and used it as a springboard to jump across the room away from Fuuka and Fumika. Unfortunately, because the falling Nodoka blocked his line of sight he didn't see Yuna directly across from him.

"Ah!" Nodoka screamed as she fell forward and Gohan sailed over her head with Fuuka and Fumika following closely behind him. Gohan's lips landed right on Yuna's one second before Nodoka's landed on Negi's.

"Aw…" Ku pouted as Gohan pulled his lips off the dazed girl.

"We lost de gozaru…" Kaede said with a pout.

"Ah! I-I-I-I'm sorry!" Nodoka apologized quickly.

"No, um…I'm sorry too," Negi said apologetically.

"Honya-chan and Shiina-chan have won! The winners are Miyazaki Nodoka and Akaishi Yuna!" Kazumi announced (though she said Shiina's and Yuna's name coldly).

"What? Did anyone bet on them?" Misa asked as she fumed; Gohan had been so close to escaping.

"Hehehehe!" Shiina giggled happily that if Gohan had to kiss anyone it would have been the one to win her meal tickets.

"Hah…Sakurako, don't tell me you…?" Madoka asked in disbelief, but she knew how the girl's luck seemed greater than the even the Devil's. In fact, the only one with just as much luck seemed to be Gohan.

Good for you Nodoka, Yue thought genuinely happy.

What does that idiot think he's doing kissing Yuna? Asuna thought with a tick and a small growl.

"Alright! We got the 'Miyazaki Nodoka Pactio Card'!" Chamo cheered as he held a card up.

It had a picture of Nodoka in her school uniform on with a blue jacket. A magic circle was directly behind as well as seven books. On her side were two open books in the middle of changing pages and in front of her was an open book that had the words "Diarium Ejus" written on the front. In the top left corner was the number twenty-seven in roman numerals with the numbers are written upside down and in reverse in the bottom right corner.

Also, in the top right corner was the word "Cyaneum" in a blue circle with the word "tonus" under it. In the bottom left corner was a blue circle with the planetary symbol of Mercury inside it. The word "astralitas" was written above it and the word "Mercurius" was written below it.

In a curved square behind Nodoka's legs was the word "Mijazaci" with a larger font under it saying, "Nodoca". Under that in a smaller font was the words "Pudica Bibliothecaria".

In a curved box under that it had the word "virtus" and under it with a larger font "audacia"; with a space between them the word "direction" was written in a smaller font with the word "occidens" written in a larger font.

"Yeah! And we got six cards from the fake senseis too!" Kazumi said with a thumb's up.

"It wasn't the result I had expected, but that's how it is," Chamo said as he held the seven new cards in one paw and a cigarette in the other. "It seems that Gohan-nii-san really can't make a pactio." However, Chamo failed to see another card on the ground, one containing a picture of Son Gohan in his Kai uniform with a sword that awfully looked like the Zeta sword.

"Alright! Let's split, Chamo-chi!" Kazumi said as she opened the door and stepped out only to hit something strangely firm. "Hm?"

"I see…Asakura-san. So you were the ring leader…" Nitta said imposingly.

"All of you squat until morning!" Nitta yelled furiously. "You too, Negi-sensei! And, don't even think about running away Gohan-sensei! Sheesh…Playing with your students like that…"

"That was fun-aru!" Ku said even though she lost. Gohan let out a smile. To tell the truth, he was actually having some fun. I guess this is as normal as you can get then but I should have brought some food with me. All that running has made me kind of hungry, Gohan said to himself even though he ate out the entire restaurant during dinner.

"Uh huh!" Kaede agreed even though she was sending the occasional glare at Yuna.

Negi was crying tears of pity, so Makie asked, "Are your legs feeling okay, Negi-kun?"

"Aah! To sit next to Negi-sensei until morning…" Ayaka said happily. "Ah, but my legs are killing me!"

I've got some serious reflecting to do… About all sort of things, Yue thought seriously.

"I knew we would end up here!" Fumika said crying giant globs of tears.

"But, it's more fun with everyone else!" Fuuka said with a giggle.

"Uh huh," Yuna said absently as she touched her lips again in pleasure.

Ah…At least I made a profit out of this, Kazumi thought happily as well as making a few side glances towards Gohan.

"What were those guys up to? Negi and Gohan too…It sure is peaceful around here now," Asuna wondered as she crawled into her futon.

"Don't tell me it was because of the papers…" Setsuna mumbled to herself as she picked up the Substitution Stencils.



* * *



Author's note: Hey everybody! I know that you guys are probably going to hate me for this but there won't be a chapter for next week. I am taking a teaching certification exam for another state and have to study big time. Especially since on it's two subject tests on ESOL (English Speakers of Other Languages) and Social Studies (which includes US history, World History, Government, Political Science, Economics, Behavioral Science and Geography). I'm very sorry but once the tests are done, I will send out the newest chapter which should be on May 1st. Wish me luck! Peace!





*Chapter 7*: Undetectable Opponents!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything except for the original characters that I own. Please see Chapter 1 for details.

Author's note: Hey everybody! So I finished my tests but I won't know the results until later in the month. God, I'm so freakin nervous and anxious! I wish they just give me the result immediately since I think I did okay. I might have to do them again. But anyways, hope everybody else had a good week. Thank you for all your support. It really meant a lot to me. Thank you all! Especially to naidoka1992, who beta-read this chapter.

I noticed, however, that some people are hating on the Great Saiyaman. Listen, I know the Great Saiyaman is sometimes dorky (especially how the english dub had portrayed him very badly in my opinion), but he is a lot of fun writing as a character. So don't hate on him too much. But don't worry about his other name, the Gold Fighter. It might come up sooner than expected. You never know.

Anyways, as a reward for your continuous awesome support, I present to you the next chapter of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 7: Undetectable Opponents! Kotarou Appears!

Most of the girls of 3-A were in the gathering hall looking at Nodoka's prize, her pactio. "Eh, so that is the wonderful prize huh?" Yuna grinned at the winner. "It's also got Honya's picture on it!" The picture on the card was Nodoka in her school uniform with several books floating around, with one in particular in front of her.

"That's amazing I want one too!" Fuuka shouted.

"Well you had to be a winner of the love-love operation," Misa said.

"Then let's do it again sometime!" Chisame frowned at the suggestion. She was still in pain from doing the seiza position all night.

"Just the thing for the winner of the Love-Love Operation!" Ako said thoroughly impressed before she turned to the other winner. "What was your prize Yuna-san?"

Yuna positively beamed as she showed a picture of Gohan smiling. Under it read, "One free date during Golden Week. Signed: Son Gohan."

Kaede practically growled under breath at seeing what she missed out on because she was a second too late. "I also got the other half of the betting profits!" Yuna said as she held up the meal tickets that Shiina didn't get.

"That was fun!" Fuuka said as she remembered the game and the chase; their new assistant teacher was even more slippery than Kaede! "Let's do it again sometime!"

"Yeah-aru!" Ku agreed happily. I wished that the Great Singing Man would have participated, she thought to herself with a slight blush.

Konoka didn't really care about Yuna's prize even though she was slightly jealous about Yuna getting kissed by Gohan. The reason why she didn't care is because she felt that Nodoka had gotten the much better deal. "That's so cool! Let me hold it, Nodoka!"

"Here you go," Nodoka said as she handed the card over to Konoka who started to cry at missing out.

First Asuna and now Nodoka-chan! Who would get a card next, Se-chan? Konoka thought jealously before realization hit her. "So you do get a card when you kiss Negi-kun! I knew it! I should have participated too!"

"Konoka-san," Yue berated sternly. She's completely obsessed with collectables…

"You're right. Nodoka was the one who confessed to Negi. So I just have to grin and bear it," Konoka said with anime tears.

"Okay girls, since today is the third day of the trip, it is free activity day. Go back to your rooms and get ready," Shizuna announced to the girls.

"You did very well Miyazaki Nodoka. From now on I acknowledge you as my love rival!" Ayaka shouted.

"We won't lose to you next time Honya-chan," Makie agreed. Everyone left the room leaving Nodoka putting away her tray. Heh heh heh, Nodoka said to herself with a smile. It's my card. This is so great! Proof of my first kiss with Negi-sensei. I'm on cloud nine. However she wasn't aware where she was looking and ran into a figure.



* * *



Gohan let out a sigh. He couldn't believe that he had to give a prize for a game that he didn't even know about or even wanted to fully participate. The only thing that he thought up at the moment was a date. It seemed like the reasonable decision and it didn't sound all that bad either. It was a great way to get to know more of his students.

While he was thinking about what happened earlier, he wasn't aware that he ran into Nodoka, knocking down onto the floor. "Hmm," Gohan said as he looked down on the floor. "Nodoka-san?"

"Gohan-sensei, I'm sorry for running into you like that," Nodoka said as she said her apologies with a bow.

"No, it wasn't your fault Nodoka-san. I was just thinking about many things and didn't see where I was going," Gohan apologized with a bow as well. "Congrats on winning the thing Nodoka-san though," Gohan congratulated the girl.

"Thank you Gohan-sensei," Nodoka bowed to him.

"Do you mind if I look at the card too?"

"No I don't mind Gohan-sensei." She gave her pactio to Gohan. Gohan inspected it. So this is a pactio card, Gohan said to himself. If I remember correctly, Asuna-san has one too. I wonder what the pactio does? As he inspected it, he heard a few voices around the corner, causing him and Nodoka to hide away.

"Negi what are you going to do with all of these huh?" Asuna shouted at the little boy. "How are you going to take responsibility for all these cards?" She glared at him while holding up all the messed up cards and the Nodoka card.

"Now don't go shouting at him Asuna. What's wrong with making a profit?" Kazumi said winking at Chamo.

"Asakura, you and that perverted ermine stay out of this conversation!" She turned to Negi, "Honya-chan is just a normal girl. We can't get her involved in something like this. We really can't do anything about the gift cards you gave out, but you shouldn't use the master cards."

"It will also help conceal your identity as a mage Negi-sensei," Setsuna interjected.

"I guess you are right. We should keep this a secret from Nodoka-san," Negi said.

"That's a waste, the card looked powerful too," Chamo whined. "Well never mind. I made you a copy too Ane-chan.

"But I don't want it. I mean all you can do is communicate through it," Asuna complained.

"That is where you are wrong. You can use the artifact even when you are far away from aniki. It will be very useful." So Asuna-san has one too? Nodoka thought peering over the corner. Gohan was leaning against the wall listening as well. He was curious to hear more about these cards. Ever since that fight with the monkey lady, Chigusa, and the white haired boy known as Fate, he had been meaning to ask about those cards and what they do.

"Eh, whatever." Asuna held the card in her hands, "Adeat." A light appeared and in her hands the card was replaced with the giant fan she used during the fight against the monkey woman. "It actually came out! This is so cool, I feel like a mage too!"

"To make it go away just say abeat," Chamo said.

"Wow! This rocks!," Asuna said excitedly.

Gohan tapped Nodoka on the shoulder and told her it was time to go. "Did you hear what they were talking about?" he asked the girl next to him.

"I caught bits and pieces," Nodoka said.

"Want to try out what they were saying Nodoka-san?" Gohan asked. Nodoka hesitated to answer. "I understand if you feel nervous to do it in front of me, but we keep this as our little secret."

Nodoka thought about it for a moment and nodded. She then took out her card and said, "Adeat." A bright light covered the area with Gohan covering his eyes from the bright light. Once the light subsided, he saw that in Nodoka's hands was the main book from her pactio.

So each pactio has a different item, Gohan said to himself. "So what is it?" Gohan asked Nodoka.

"I'm not sure Gohan-sensei," Nodoka responded. "It is a book but the pages are blank." Gohan peered over her shoulder and indeed the pages were blank. Suddenly, one of the pages started to draw itself with words and pictures. On the current page was a picture of her and Negi kissing with a log written under it:

24th of April, Thursday. I kissed my beloved Negi-sensei yesterday. Kya! It was only by accident though I would like to do it again sometime in a more romantic way.

"Don't look Gohan-sensei!" she shouted, embarrassed that her other teacher saw what was in the book. She noticed that Gohan had a smile.

"Interesting," he muttered.

"What's wrong Nodoka? Gohan-sensei what are you doing with her?" Yue asked walking up to the two.

"I was just looking at the card Nodoka-san got, it's pretty interesting," Gohan said. Nodoka was looking at the book while another entry appeared. The picture was Yue lying down with a tick mark on her head and Negi lying above her.

(Yue) 24th of April, Thursday. Yesterday was an extremely troublesome day. Negi pushed me down in front of Nodoka while she was asleep. I can't believe how stupid it was and I still think about it…. Nodoka slammed the book close when she saw Gohan reading the entry too.

"Nodoka, what is that book about?" Yue asked.

"N-nothing!" Nodoka answered a little too quickly.

"Why are you hiding it? We're friends right? So you don't have to hide a book from me."

Gohan decided to step in to save the girl from further embarrassment. "Yue-san, I don't think you should pursue finding out about the book. It might be a diary of hers." Gohan looked towards Nodoka who nodded.

"Hai, it is a diary I just bought," Nodoka said, mentally thanking Gohan for the save. "And there are some things I want to keep to myself. So may you please stop asking about it Yue."

Yue looked suspiciously at the two before sighing in defeat. "Fine, fine. I won't look anymore, but Nodoka you should get ready too we're going to leave soon."

"I should do that too. See you around girls," Gohan excused himself and walked away.

"Let's go Nodoka," Yue said looking at Gohan. Nodoka decided to open the book but saw that the first entry that was about Yue had changed. The picture was now Yue trying to fix a jigsaw puzzle that seemed to be a photo of Gohan.

(Yue) 24th of April, Thursday. I really don't get Gohan-sensei. He is a really normal person, yet I can't put my finger on why he is so different than most normal people I know. He's a mystery and I will solve it one day.

Nodoka looked at it confused but decided to ignore it for now when Haruna came rushing in and knocked the other two off. "Hey! What are you two doing just standing there? Hurry up and get ready!" Haruna demanded as she sent her best friends flying much to Nodoka's relief and Yue's annoyance.

"We're going with Negi-sensei today, right?" Haruna asked already knowing the answer. "Come on, hurry up and change into your casual clothes!"

"Haruna, you're way too wound up!" Yue said tartly at her friend.



* * *



A few minutes later…

"Everyone has free time today so today is my chance to get the letter to the Kansai Magic Association," Negi spoke to Chamo. He snuck out of the hotel dodging a few of the groups along the way. When he was finally outside, Negi let out a smile. "Heh heh heh. Made it out the back door without anyone seeing me."

"We've gotta make it to the main temple of the Kansai Magic Association quickly," Chamo said as he was Negi's shoulder.

Negi pulled out a map of the area and said, "Now, where is it anyways?"

"I don't think it's that far from here," Chamo said looking at the map.

"As long as I can make it and help the Headmaster reconcile with Kansai's head, we'll be okay. Though I did tell Gohan-san and Asuna-san to meet up here at the bridge. Where are they?"

"Negi-sensei!" a girl with a sing-song voice called out to him. Negi turned around to see Gohan and Asuna with the rest of the girls of group 5.

"What cute clothes you girls have!" Negi exclaimed. Yue was wearing a black and white hoodie, a plaid skirt, black stockings and high cut white boots. Haruna had on a blue jacket a white tee shirt, black pants with a dark blue skirt and white sneakers. Nodoka wore a pale yellow sweater, a green skirt black socks and brown shoes. Konoka wore the same thing she wore on the shopping trip they did before the whole trip a white sweater and a pink skirt with boots. Asuna was wearing a white tee shirt with long orange sleeves, a matching skirt, black pants and running shoes. Setsuna was in her regular school uniform, while Gohan was wearing brown pants with a white long sleeved shirt with a black vest on top of it. "Wait a minute why is everyone else here?" he whispered to Gohan and Asuna.

"Well Paru saw me leaving and followed me sorry," Asuna apologized embarrassedly. Gohan who was behind her shrugged. He also wanted to avoid everyone else and help with Negi and Asuna but the girls followed him too.

"Uh, doesn't Group 5 have any activities planned?" Negi asked the other girls.

"Nope," Yue replied as she sipped her drink.

"We wanna look around with you, Negi-kun," Konoka said with a smile.

"Asuna-san, Gohan-san," Negi whispered, "what are we going to do?"

"Don't worry about Negi-san," Gohan said. "We will try to lose them on the way." Negi nodded and Asuna as well with a nod of agreement.



* * *



A few minutes later…

"Wow even the area around the hotel is nice!" Negi said as they walked.

"Yes, the Arashiyama Sagano area has many place famous for their fall scenery. We should come here during autumn to see the trees," Yue explained.

"So sensei where are we going?" Haruna asked.

"Do you want me to guide you?" Yue inquired.

"Ah no, I was heading off that way," Negi said pointing towards the direction of the shrine. "Asuna-san what are we going to do?" he whispered to the orange haired girl.

"Well, we could try to lose them in the crowd," Asuna guessed.

"Hey Asuna can I ask you something?" Haruna well asked.

"Yeah what?"

"Are you and Negi-sensei dating?" At the question Asuna slammed her head into a tanuki statue. Gohan wondered the same question as well since she was always sticking so close to Negi and was very protective of him too.

"Do you really think I'll date him? He's ten for goodness sakes!" Asuna yelled.

"I'm…I'm sorry. You're right, after all, he's only a fifth grader," Haruna said with a smile. Gohan let out a smile as well. He didn't know why, but Asuna's comment somehow put a few of his worries about Asuna's relationship away. He didn't know why he felt that way. It must have been something that he ate this morning.

"Exactly," Asuna said seriously. "Wouldn't it be smarter to ask if I liked someone like Gohan anyway since he's closer in age and older as well?"

Asuna realized her mistake the second the words escaped her mouth. "Oh?" Haruna asked slyly. "So, are you dating Gohan-kun then? Taking a boy on the rebound?"

"NO!" Gohan and Asuna denied with a blush causing Haruna to laugh at their expense until she noticed that Nodoka had fallen behind staring at her new book.

"Hey! What're you doing gawking at that weird book! Come over here!" Haruna yelled.

"Uh…coming," Nodoka said.

"Hey there's an arcade over there," she announced to the group. "Let take a print club photo to commemorate our time here in Kyoto!"

"Print club?" Gohan asked. I wonder what they are.

Haruna ran up to Nodoka and gave a nudge. "You'll be together with Negi-sensei before long, huh?" Nodoka immediately blushed red.

"Oh, this is great. Se-chan, let's take one together," Konoka said as she grabbed Setsuna's hand, pulling her along to take some pictures.

Gohan walked with the group towards the machine and saw that Asuna hadn't come with them. "Asuna-san, aren't you going to take one too?" Gohan asked.

"Um…I don't really need a print club photo or anything," Asuna said.

"Come on Asuna, take one!" Konoka yelled. Asuna let out a sigh of defeat. There was no way to beat against Konoka's innocent smile. They took several different photos of the groups. There was one with Negi and Nodoka in it; Negi and Asuna; Konoka and Setsuna with the swordswoman blushing embarrassedly; Yue, Haruna and Negi; Gohan and Asuna, with Gohan blushing a bit at the closeness; Gohan and Haruna took a picture together doing the peace sign; Gohan also took one with Negi with Gohan smiling and patting Negi's head as he also had his usual Son grin on his face. Oddly enough, there was a certain ermine in all the photos.

"Hmm? Maybe it's only my imagination, but I smell the subtle fragrance of love in the air," Haruna said with a grin.

"I'm sure it's your imagination," Yue responded.

"Everyone come here!" Konoka shouted near a video game station.

"This is our chance aniki. Just play some games for now, then wait for a chance to go leave," Chamo said.

"Alright," Negi agreed. They reached the video game and saw a bunch of kids playing it. Gohan was standing behind them watching with some interest. "What kind of game are you playing?" Negi asked.

"It's a game about mages," Yue said.

"Eh?"

"Do you remember the game we played on the train? This is a video game version of it," Haruna explained.

"A game about mages huh. Maybe I should give it a try," Negi stated.

"Here is my starter set Negi-sensei," Yue handed him over a few cards. After a few minutes Negi had won the match.

"Whoa sensei you're good! Are you sure you're a beginner?" Haruna asked.

"What do you expect of him? He is a child genius after all," Gohan said with a smirk.

"How about you Gohan-sensei? Are you going to play?"

"Not really. I am more of a martial artist kind of guy," responded the demi-saiyan.

"Excuse me, do you mind if I join?" a boy with a black school uniform and white beanie covering his long black hair asked.

"Eh? Sure why not," Negi answered. They played for a few minutes and this time Negi lost. "Aww I lost."

"No that was really good for your first time Negi-sensei," Haruna said cheering him up.

"That's right, you're not bad at all. Though it will take you some time to be a real 'mage'" the boy told Negi smiling at him. "I got to go, but see you around Negi Springfield."

"Eh how do you now my name?" Negi shouted surprised.

"You input it into the machine before you play," the boy said point to the screen that said GAME OVER Negi Springfield. Gohan had to face palm at Negi's stupidity. Negi-san is just like Goten sometimes. However he didn't trust that boy. As the boy was leaving he bumped into Nodoka making them fall. The boy had to grab his hat before I fell off his head. "Sorry onee-chan." He then got up and ran away. "By the way I can see you panties!" he laughed as he left the room, leaving a blushing Nodoka. Gohan turned around to see what was going on and saw that Haruna and Yue were already playing the game with Konoka watching.

"Sakurazki-san we are leaving Konoka to you," Asuna said.

"Okay be careful guys," Setsuna replied. Asuna and Negi were about to leave when they noticed Gohan hadn't budged.

"Gohan-san aren't you coming?" Negi asked.

"I…I think I'll help protect Konoka-san right now," Gohan answered. "You guys go." Negi and Asuna nodded and then ran off. "Setsuna-san be on guard. I have a bad feeling that something is about to happen." Gohan then took a look around. "Hey Setsuna-san where'd Nodoka-san go?"



* * *



The boy who challenged Negi to the game had run into an alley. He stopped and spoke to someone in the shadows. "Just as we thought, his last name is Springfield. But I didn't see that guy with the weird costume," the mysterious boy said with a pleased look.

"Heh…So, it's true…He's the son of the Thousand Master…He will be a worthy opponent," Chigusa said smugly before she let out a soft chuckle. "You little brats…I'm going to pay you back good for what you did before! You didn't see the Gold Fighter?"

The boy shook his head. "Nope, but I was hoping to meet him though."

"It doesn't matter," Chigusa responded. "We will finish every single one of them."

Behind Chigusa was a fearsome looking demon with a sealing paper on its face, on her left was Tsukiyomi holding her hat to her breast and to her left were three boys with the white haired boy was known by the name Fate Averruncus and beside him two boys with the colors of their hair color being red and blue.



* * *



As Negi and Asuna crossed a bridge Nodoka's head popped out behind a post. "Asuna-san, Negi-sensei where are you two going?"



* * *



Gohan and Setsuna were watching Konoka and the rest keep playing the game. Gohan shook his head smiling at how carefree everyone is. He then took a look at his fellow warrior and saw her smiling too. "You know you look nice when you smile Setsuna-san," Gohan commented going back to observe the girls.

Setsuna blushed at the praise. "It's because Konoka-ojou-sama is enjoying herself. Her life seems to have gotten better when she moved to Mahora. But this is the best way after all staying away from her, and her not knowing a thing. I've gotten closer to her during the trip, but when we return I'll have to return to protecting her from the shadows like always." Gohan frowned and gave a soft pat on the head, causing her to wince and turn her head around. "Gohan-sensei?"

"You shouldn't hide your true feelings Setsuna-san," Gohan said not looking at her. "Bottling up your feelings is bad. You want to stay alongside Konoka-san and you know it."

"But I-"

"No buts. Just follow what your heart tells you to do, sometimes it's the only way to protect what you want to protect. Besides I think Konoka-san would be sad if you stopped talking to her," Gohan took a deep breath and exhaled. "Think about it okay." Gohan walked off and began to talk animatedly to the girls.

Setsuna watched Gohan's back while he interacted with the girls. Setsuna sighed. Why did what Gohan had said to her make her feel a little down? I guess I should check up on Negi-sensei and Kagurazaka-san. she thought to take her mind off the subject. She got a piece of paper and started to chant.



* * *



On the train

"Asuna-san, I'd like to apologize for having you accompany me on such an errand," Negi said as he held onto a railing in the train.

"No kidding," Asuna responded. "Why would a normal junior high school girl help you so much, anyway? Besides, according to Asakura-san, I hate kids."

"Eh heh heh," the ermine chuckled. "Could it be that Ane-san and Aniki ar–" Before Chamo finished his sentence, Asuna shoved her finger up his mouth to shut him up.

"I don't know what stupid thing you were going to say, but it's normal to help out a ten-year-old kid who's in danger, isn't it?" Asuna said.

"Asuna-san," Negi said with a smile on his face.

"And as for me…I don't hate anyone who gives it their all. Kid or no kid," Asuna said.



* * *



A few minutes later after getting off the train…

"This is the headquarters of the Kansai Magic Association," Negi said looking up the stairs of a lot of a rather large shrine.

"So all we have to do is go in and give the letter right?" Asuna asked. Negi nodded. "Let's just get this over with." They were about to move when a tiny Setsuna in priestess robes, holding a tiny sword, appeared in front of them.

""Kagurazaka-san is Negi-sensei okay?" the thing asked.

"Setsuna-san?" Asuna asked with a flinch.

"Well no, it's a technique that allows me to communicate to you over far distances. Just call me Chibi-Setsuna," Chibi-Setsuna bowed to them. Negi, Chamo and Asuna all sweat dropped. "I believe the leader of the Kansai Magic Association is definitely in the inner sanctum. We can't assume that a messenger from the East will be welcomed. Please watch out for traps and such. We don't know what those people who attacked you the other day are up to."

"I'll be careful," Negi said with a nod.

"I don't know how much help I'll be, but I'll bring out that fan. Adeat!" The fan appeared in Asuna's hand. "Let's go!" Asuna, Negi and the rest of the group ran into the shrine. They stopped behind two posts. "I don't see anyone coming."

"I also don't feel any magic nearby," Negi told Asuna. "Let's get the rest with one go." After thirty minutes of running through the stairs, Asuna collapsed. "These stairs go on forever," Asuna said catching her breath.

"Could it be…" Chibi-Setsuna mumbled. "Negi-sensei let's scout ahead."

"Okay. Asuna-san you rest here," Negi said. He ran forwards for a minute and to his surprised end up right behind Asuna.

"Eh Negi how'd you end up behind me?" Asuna asked.

"I knew it! Negi-sensei let's go to the side!" Chibi-Setsuna said. Once again they ended up in the same spot they were originally at. "There is no mistaking it. We are in an infinite time-space loop. We are currently trapped in a sphere in about 500m in all directions of us that loops around in a circle."



* * *



"Hehehe, it looks like they fell into our trap," the monkey lady said from within the trees. "We'll just let him rot here since there is no escape. All you guys have to do is stay here and watch them."

"But that is boring!" the black haired boy said. He was sitting next to a giant spider. "I hate boring plans like this. I mean it's not like they are strong anyways. I wanted to get to fight that Gold Fighter. I'm more of an in your face fight type of guy."

"Just be quiet and do as you are told." The monkey lady jumped down and disappeared.

"Tch. This is so boring!"



* * *



"Aniki let's try flying through the top."

"Right!" Negi got on his staff and began to fly upwards, but when he reached a certain height he appeared right in front of Asuna again.

"We might be stuck here forever!" Asuna shouted

"Can the real Setsuna-san come and help us out?" Negi asked Chibi-Setsuna.

"I am sorry but ojou-sama is being targeted as we speak, I cannot leave her side," Chibi-Setsuna said.

"How about Gohan-nii?" Chamo said.

"Oh yeah! I forgot about that!" Asuna exclaimed. She remembered what Gohan had told them earlier yesterday.

Flashback

"Negi-san, Asuna-san, I need to ask you something," Gohan said with a serious face.

"What is it Gohan-san?" Negi asked.

"You know that I won't be able to be with you two the whole time. If there is any trouble, I want either of you to concentrate your energy into a single spot. That way, I can sense where your ki is at and come to the rescue," Gohan explained.

"You can really do that?" Asuna asked.

"Of course. How else would I have been able to find you?" Gohan said with deadpanned face.

"I don't know…a cellphone perhaps!" Asuna said.

"Umm…okay," Gohan said with a sweat drop. "Anyways, please keep that in mind."

End of flashback

She closed her eyes and was about to concentrate the best she could when Negi grabbed her arm and stopped her. "Why'd you stop me Negi?"

"What if Gohan-san doesn't know how to get out of this? Wouldn't he be stuck in here just like us? He won't be able to help Setsuna-san if he was here," Negi reasoned to Asuna.

This is bad, I need to use the toilet, Asuna thought. She started to tremble. "AAH! Get me out of here!" she screamed and began to run again.

"Wait for me Asuna-san!" Negi began to run too.



* * *



Nodoka was in the front of the shrine looking at the direction the Negi and Asuna went. Negi-sensei and Asuna-san are inside. She saw a sign on front that said no entry. "Maybe I should look somewhere else."

Nodoka was about to go somewhere esle when she thought she heard Negi shout out for help. Nodoka opened her book and saw a picture of Negi and Asuna running around. The entry for it was short and simple. It was by Negi, and in big bold letters it said help.

This book again, Nodoka said to herself. Are these Negi-sensei's thoughts now? They're in tr-trouble…



* * *



"I can't take this anymore!" Asuna cried out still running.

"Ane-san we just can't keep on running recklessly like this!" Chamo told her.

"There's a stop over there!" Chibi-Setsuna pointed out to the group.

"Thank god there's a bathroom!" Asuna shouted as she went into it. A few minutes later the group was sitting down a drinking some tea from the vending machine.

"Okay let's think about what is happening and asses our situation and find a way out of this place," Negi said to the group.

"Why do they want to stop us from handing over the letter?" Asuna shouted.

"I…I guess they don't want to improve the current relationship between east and west." Chibi-Setsuna said.

"What do you mean by that?"

"It is because Kansai thinks that the Kantou region forgot its heritage and became influenced by European magic."

"Do you want a sandwich Asuna-san?" Negi asked.

"Yeah, thanks Negi."

"We should take the time right now and asses our combat capabilities," Chamo suggested to the group.

"You're right we don't know when the enemy will attack," Chibi-Setsuna agreed with Chamo.

"Last time we had Setsuna-nee-san and Gohan-nii-san. But now it's just going to be aniki and ane-san."

"That's true but…listen, I've been thinking about this, and I wonder how powerful the execution of the contract can be? What I mean is, I wonder if I'm being as useful as I can be?" Asuna asked the group.

"Let's test it out." Chamo ran over to a rock and stood next to it. "Ane-san I want you to kick this rock as hard as you can."

"But it looks like it will hurt."

"Don't worry about it."

"Fine whatever you say Chamo." Asuna went for a drop kick on the rock. When her foot connected she retracted it and jumped around holding her foot in pain.

"Now aniki activate the contract."

Negi nodded. "Activate the contract for 30 seconds for Kagurazaka Asuna!" Negi proclaimed. A light white aura surrounded Asuna again.

"That aura around you is magical energy ane-san. Okay ane-san, kick the rock again. This time things will be different." Asuna kicked the rock and it crumbled into pieces.

"Wow, this aura looks similar to what Gohan had the other day," Asuna said. Chibi-Setsuna nodded in agreement.

"From what I understood about Gohan-sensei, he uses ki for his attacks. That aura surrounding him is the embodiment of that power. That white aura that you had before as well as what Gohan-sensei did work similar to the ki used by us in the Shinmei-Ryuu. The swordsmen of the Shinmei-Ryuu use ki from within their bodies and use it in their combat techniques. Though it is said to take years to learn on how to draw upon and manipulate ki," Chibi Setsuna explained.

"For a ministra, they draw upon the power from the mage to greatly enhance their physical abilities." Chamo said.

"Ah I see," Asuna said. But she had something to ask that kept bugging her for a while now. "Well then, what about these magic powers and this ki?" she asked.

"It would take too long to explain, Ane-san," Chamo replied. Up in the trees the boy was smiling mischievously. This is gonna be more fun than I thought.

"How is your magic Negi-sensei?" Chibi-Setsuna asked.

"Oh you don't have to worry about him, he's really strong," Asuna patted Negi on the back.

"Yeah, he graduated at the top of his class."

But in all honesty I only know nine combat spells. The magic school wouldn't teach us anything beyond magic projectiles and disarming my opponents. So that's why I snuck into the library and learned some on my own. Plus most of it was self-taught. If we were attacked by professionals right now would we be able to win? Negi thought. An imaged flashed in Negi's head. The image contained a man with a flowing robe holding up a demon by its neck. Rubble surrounded him and flames danced in the background. "Do you think I can make myself stronger by drawing on magical energy too?"

"I guess you could…" Chamo said.

"Logically, yes," Chibi-Setsuna responded. "You already lend yourself some power to compensate for being just ten years old, and that's just a lesser version of what you're describing. However, can't really recommend that tatic." Negi nodded in agreement. "Don't worry about it for now. Most ordinary charm casters from the Kansai Magic association can't beat you," Chibi-Setsuna continued.

"Yeah no problem! Those guys are no match for us!" Asuna smirked.

"Now I can't let that last comment slide…" a voice from above said. Falling in front of them was a gigantic spider and atop it was the black haired boy. "Maybe you should try me on for size before mouthing off with a comment like that."



* * *



Back at the arcade

They've come just as I thought, Setsuna said to herself. Negi-sensei, Kagurazaka-san, be careful! However, due to being some much in thought, Setsuna didn't hear another voice calling her.

"Se-chan…Se-chan…SE-CHAN!" Konoka yelled.

"Whah!" Setsuna flinched. "Ojou-sama?"

"Why are you spacing out, Se-chan?" Konoka asked.

"Oh, no!" Setsuna said as she waved her hand in nervousness as well putting some distance between her and Konoka. "It's nothing!"

Konoka giggled and grabbed Setsuna's hand. "Hey, Se-chan, let's go have some fun!"

"Oh, but Ojou-sama I…" Setsuna said. However they were stopped by Gohan when he put his hand on her shoulder. "Gohan-sensei!"

"Konoka-san, do you mind if I borrow Setsuna-san for a second," Gohan said with his Son grin. Konoka nodded. "Great, come with me Setsuna-san." He grabbed Setsuna's hand without even thinking as they went outside the arcade, ahead of Konoka.

"Y-Y-Yes," Setsuna responded with a slight blush. Konoka pondered a bit. Could it be that Gohan-kun is going to confess to Se-chan? Konoka shook her head. I don't believe it. Even though you're my childhood friend Se-chan, I won't give up on Gohan-kun so easily.

"You felt that didn't you," Gohan whispered.

"Yes, Kagurazaka-san and Negi-sensei are in trouble," Setsuna whispered. "Are you going to help them?"

"No," replied Gohan in a serious tone. "I believe that is a distraction to draw our attention from their true goal."

Setsuna pondered for a bit and then said in a surprise, "Ojou-sama! You don't think…"

"I'm not sure," Gohan responded. "I haven't been able to detect any weird ki signatures or even the ki of the people that we faced the other night. It's like they are hiding their power levels which is very hard for me to find. Regardless, we have to watch our backs and protect Konoka-san."

Setsuna nodded in agreement. "Yes Gohan-sensei."

However, Gohan and Setsuna failed to realize that behind a corner of the arcade, Tsukuyomi stood and hiding from them. In her hand there was a talisman that said invisibility. "Huh huh," Tsukuyomi muttered. "Well, Sakurazaki Setsuna-san…I really like strong women."



* * *



Back at the temple passageway…

Nodoka continued to run along the passageway. She held tightly the book that came out of the pactio card. What am I gonna do, what am I gonna do? Nodoka said to herself. Negi-sensei and Asuna-san are in trouble and need help. "But where are they?" She asked out loud to no one in particular. "O-Oh yeah. I'll use this book again. If I call out his name, I can find out what he's thinking. Negi-sensei…"

At that moment, words and a picture appeared with Negi and Asuna facing against a boy that was standing on top of a huge spider. Oooohh! Where did that monster come from? It looks like something horrible is happening!



* * *



"Bring it on European mage, or should I say Negi Springfield!" the boy taunted.

"You're the boy from the arcade!" Negi shouted. "Is Konoka-san in danger?"

"We're in the clear for now," Chibi-Setsuna reassured Negi. Was this the one who set up the trap? Was him going to the arcade just so he can scout me out? He has a goki too. So it is going to be a mage vs. charm caster and partner vs. goki battle again. Negi assessed.

"Negi now!" Asuna barked.

"Ok. Activate the contract for 90 seconds for Kagurazaka Asuna, the disciple of Negi!" the aura appeared again and Asuna charged.

"Don't think because you're a brat I'm going to go easy on you," Asuna shouted. She punched the spider creating a dent on its exoskeleton flipping it over, but the boy jumped away. "Adeat!" getting the fan she slammed the spider turning it to a charm once more. "Hell yeah I'm good!"

Asuna heard clapping and looked at the roof. The boy was clapping for her. "Not bad onee-san, not bad at all. I heard there was a middle school girl who can break our charms was with you so I brought along a stronger one than usual. But I was wrong she was too strong for that too." He turned and glared at Negi. "But as for you! You're just a small fry. The strong one there is the onee-san. Aren't you embarrassed to be protected by a girl? That is why I hate European mages!"

"Come one Negi we can't lose to this guy. Besides you're just a sore loser that you lost your goki. You don't stand a chance anymore. So if you are going to surrender do it now!" Asuna yelled.

"You don't get it either too onee-san. I'm no ordinary magic user." The boy jumped from the roof and went to attack Asuna. Asuna took many slashes at him but he dodged all of them with ease. The boy jumped over the last move, sweep kicked Asuna tripping her and charged Negi.

"Ras tel ma scir magister flans exclamatio!" Negi used the spell as the boy got close holding charms in his face. The boy's charms were destroyed along with his beanie, to reveal dog ears. Negi was surprised however when the boy punched him in the face sending him away.

Nodoka was watching the things go on in the book while she sat down next to a fence, quietly wondering if this was real. Is this happening right now? It reads like an adventure novel or a kid's manga. Then another picture came up. "On no, this is awful. This kid is incredibly quick. Asuna can't even touch him. If she could only hit him, they'd win…go get them, Asuna-san. Over there! Oh, so close, you almost had him. Behind you, Negi-sensei! Behind!" She lost sight of her surroundings and wasn't paying attention except for things in the book.

"Stop running away you runt!" the boy shouted. He did an upwards palm thrust finally getting past Negi's magical barrier. When Negi landed he coughed up blood.

"You should have told us before that you were a fighter and not a mage!" Asuna accused the boy.

"Hey it's your fault for assuming things," the boy shot back with his hands behind his head.

"And stop picking on Negi. I'm your opponent!"

"Sorry I don't hit girls. Not even strong ones like you onee-san. Heh, you European mages are so weak after all! I bet your dad the thousand whatever wasn't so great either!" Chamo threw a smoke bomb so they can do a tactical retreat. When the smoke cleared Asuna and Negi were gone. "Get back here you cowards! You can run from me but you will never escape!"



* * *



Somewhere in another part of the place. "Gah who the hell does that cheeky brat think he is? Also what is up with those stupid ears he has?" Asuna shouted.

"Ane-san please quiet down," Chamo attempted to placate the girl.

"The boy is a kuzuko," Chibi-Setsuna said.

"A what?"

"A wolf or fox type of monster. In other words we're facing a demon."

"What the heck! So were fighting another monster. Such freaking pain in the ass this trip turned out to be." she turned to Negi who was thinking. "Negi you beat Eva the strongest of all monsters! You should be able to floor a guy your age in no time!" She stopped mid rant and looked at Negi noticing that he was bleeding. "You're bleeding! Just hold still I'll get a towel."

"Asuna I…" Negi started. "I studied how to fight in order to find my father. I believed that I needed combat ability to find him. You know Takamichi spent a whole month teaching me how to fight?"

"What? Takahata-sensei! You got to tell me all of it in detail!"

"Maybe next time! But it was a miracle that we won against Evangeline-san. I can even say she was going easy on us. I'm still inexperienced but I need to get stronger in order to get to my father. That is why I have to beat that guy!"

"How are you going to win against him aniki?"

"Don't worry I have a plan!"



* * *



"That's good, Negi-sensei has a plan! Great! I can't wait to see the next installment!" Nodoka chirped. Nodoka stopped reading when she heard some rustling. She put away her book.

"Found you!" the boy from before shouted. He went straight for Nodoka as he pushed her down. He had his head inside her skirt. Once he looked up, he immediately saw her panties and jumped up as he tried to apologize before he was called a pervert by the crying and blushing girl before him. "Ah, I didn't do it on purpose! I'm sorry, I thought you were someone else!" Kotarou blinked a few times as he let out his hand to help up Nodoka. At the same time, he put away his dog ears to appear normal. "Hold on! Now that I get a good look at you, you're that girl from the arcade."

"You're the one who ran into me today," Nodoka replied.

Damn did she follow me? Kotarou thought. "You shouldn't be in here. It said 'Entry Prohibited' outside you know."

"I'm s-sorry," Nodoka stuttered.

"Don't worry about it. There is a fight going around here, and a girl like you shouldn't be around. I'll undo the trap later," he said. "Just stay put right here okay." The boy was about to run off when Nodoka called out to him.

"W-Wait! My name is Miyazaki Nodoka. What's yours?" she asked the boy.

"Well since you did give me yours it would be impolite not to give you mines. My name is Kotarou, Inugami Kotarou." The boy then ran off. "See you around pink panties onee-san."

As soon as Kotarou disappeared, Nodoka pulled out her pactio card. "Inugami Kotarou…You don't seem like such a bad kid, but…Adeat!" A bright light appeared in her hand and suddenly the book was in her hand. "Negi-sensei…"



* * *



Negi and Asuna were waiting for their opponent in an open area, when they heard rustling in the trees Negi started to chant. "Ras tel ma scir magister evocatio valcyriarum contubernalia gladiaria! Contra bugnent!" as he finished his spell several lightning Negi clones on staffs flew towards the noise.

Kotarou was jumping on the gates and smirked. "Finally fighting me for real huh small fry?" he kicked away two of the clones dispersing them. He then got three knives and destroyed the others. He turned around just in time to block an onslaught of lightning arrows.

"Ray of light that tears apart the night sky, gather unto my hand and strike down my enemies! White Thunder! A burst of intense electricity erupted from Negi's hand and hit Kotarou sending him flying of the post he was on, onto the ground covered in smoke.

"What was that? It was awesome!" Asuna shouted.

"That's aniki for you! Using a triple spell combination from far away! It's the basics for mage vs. fighter situations!" Chamo smirked.

"But it's not over yet," Chibi Setsuna said.

Just as she said Kotarou sped out of the smoke with just a few burns. "Not bad small fry. You destroyed all my shield charms. But if I had taken the brunt of that attack, I would have been in so much pain."

"Hey don't go after Negi, face me. Fight against fighter," Asuna said as she got in front of Negi to defend him while he chanted. She went to slash Kotarou but he dodged and was already behind Negi. He then punched Negi in the gut stopping his spell and popping him into the air. He followed up the attack by punching him in the face then the gut again. To finish off the attack he knuckled him on the back of the head, sending him sprawling on the floor.

"Listen onee-san, I ain't no fighter. I'm an Inugami-tsukai, a person who uses the power of dog gods! And you best remember that. Though I did train in some ninjutsu as well." Kotarou said to Asuna while summoning a pack of dogs from the shadows. "Go play with the onee-san over there." the dogs barked and then proceeded to lick Asuna into submission pervertedly.

"Hahahah, what's wrong with these dogs?" Asuna laughed. Why does this keep happening to me?

"Asuna-san…" Negi managed to say. Kotarou frowned that the boy wasn't out yet, and punched him into the floor even more, breaking tile.

"This is bad. There is barely any magic left within aniki's barrier. If he keeps going on like this, the barrier will disappear all together. Without it aniki will be taking the full brunt of the attack!" Chamo screamed.

"So you mean…" Asuna said still being licked by the dogs.

"That boy's punches are full of ki and you saw how strong those are. If he isn't careful aniki won't just get off in critical condition. He'll be dead!" The conversation ended when they saw Negi slamming into a rock a few feet away.

Kotarou appeared before him and began to pummel him into oblivion. "See this is how weak European mages are without their partners. And without time to chant their spells they are nothing. Take this you shrimp!" Kotarou kicked Negi and sent him into another rock. "I've won. Time to finish this!" Kotarou charged with another Ki enhanced punch.

This is it, Negi thought. The punch was coming and Negi spoke. "Activate the contract for half a second for Negi Springfield!" The aura that once surrounded Asuna, now filled Negi. Negi parried Kotarou's attack, surprising the dog boy. Negi then made an uppercut, sending the boy into the air. Still having some of the magic surrounding him Negi appeared below Kotarou and chanted. "Ras tel ma scir magister Ray of light that tears apart the night sky, gather unto my hand and strike down my enemies! White Thunder!" Negi cast his one of his most powerful spells at point blank on the dog boy. Shocking him and frying some of his nerves. "How was that? That was the power of western mages!"

"Alright Negi!" Asuna cheered.

"Aniki you made me sweat there for a moment. Waiting for a chance to counter, where even a master wouldn't be able to escape…you took a lot of damage!"

"It looks like you channeled your magic into your own body," Chibi-Setsuna said. It's no simple feet to be able to come up with a plan like that and so soon. For Negi-sensei to have such will power and wisdom barely anyone can do that… Chibi-Setsuna thought.

"Now we just have to escape!" Chamo said.

"That's right we still haven't found a way out!"

"H-hold it right there!" Kotarou heaved as he got up. "This is the first time a human had hurt me so seriously. So I'll take back what I said about you, Negi Springfield. But it is not over yet!" When Kotarou was standing at his fullest he looked like a cross between a man and a white dog. He had white fur all over his body and a tail, and his hair even grew longer.

"What the heck is that?" Asuna shouted. The dog boy smirked and attacked, but both Negi and Asuna dodged. When they saw the damage caused to the floor, they decided that getting hit was a bad idea, since the floor had erupted into ruble.

"I've got no choice," Negi said. "Activate the contract for 10 seconds for Negi Springfield!" Kotarou rushed forward but disappeared due to his speed. 'I can't see him! He's too fast. Is he on my right or left? Negi thought.

"To your left sensei!" Negi then dodged to the left, barely being missed by Kotarou's punch. Negi turned and saw Nodoka standing there.

"Nodoka-san?" he asked.

"Honya-chan? What are you doing here?" Asuna shouted.

"Well, um, you see, this book…Ack! To your right sensei!" Negi followed the instruction and dodged, following up with a palm strike to Kotarou's face. "Above you!" Negi sidestepped and uppercut to the face. "Spinning kick from behind!" Negi spun out of the range of the attack and punched Kotarou to the head. Both fighters winced due to their injuries.

"Aniki is too injured we have to get out of here!" Chamo ordered

"Chamo-san, I think I know how to get us out of here…" Nodoka said. She took a deep breath, "Kotarou-kun how do we get out of here?"

"What did you say? Are you some kind of idiot, nee-chan? I wouldn't spill info like that!" Kotarou shouted. Nodoka was looking inside her book and a new entry appeared. It was a picture of Kotarou and a gate, saying to destroy the seals on it to get free. "This might be bad she just read my thoughts!"Kotarou thought. "We just have to head to the 6th gate east of here, then destroy the hidden runes on the left, right and top of it to get free!"

Chamo's, Asuna's and Kotarou's jaws dropped. Kotarou proceeded to punch Negi, but Negi got on his staff and flew. He grabbed Nodoka holding her bridal style. He cast more magical arrows and destroyed the runes.

"Kagurazaka-san break the light that comes from the barrier!" Chibi Setsuna said.

"Leave it to me!" Asuna swiped at the crack with her fan breaking it and freeing them.

Chibi-Setsuna then did a spell, trapping Kotarou inside. "Aw, crap! Now I'm trapped here!" Kotarou yelled.

"That'll buy us some time," Chibi-Setsuna said.

"All right!" Chamo yelled. "First off, let's get to a safe place and catch our breath." Everyone nodded and went on ahead to a rock with some small waterfalls in the background.

Meanwhile, Kotarou continued to walk but then he felt the fatigue and his transformation stopped, reverting him back to his normal state. "It's no use. I can't move. Those punches and lightning really messed me up. Ugh…I'm glad I transformed and pushed him to the limit. If the battle went on like that, would I be the one who lost? Negi…can a European mage really measure up? Negi…I won't forget this! I won't lose to him!" Kotarou shouted to the sky.



* * *



Outside the gates…

"I guess you found out huh?" Negi asked Nodoka as she Asuna and himself had a small picnic. "I'm sorry for trying to deceive you but it was a secret."

"It's alright. I had a vague guess on it really…" Nodoka said blushing.

"Really!" Negi shouted.

Nodoka nodded. "But to think that Negi-sensei is mage. It's like from something a fantasy novel from the library it's kind of exciting. I would like to ask though what is Gohan-sensei?"

"Gohan-nii told me he was a ninja of sorts."

"Hey Negi I thought you didn't want Honya-chan involved with this?" Asuna question her teacher

"But she already knows…"

"Also she has a powerful artifact! It would be good if we had a partner like her on our team!" Chamo said as he jumped up and down.

"Ah Negi you haven't stopped bleeding! Are you sure it doesn't hurt?"

"Asuna-san I'm okay I swear!"

"Um Negi-sensei, I bring disinfectants with me and band aids let me help you," Nodoka said. After being patched up Chibi-Setsuna spoke up.

"Since we are out of the trap we should be near the Kansai Magic Association soon. We have to hurry and deliver the letter. You can't leave Miyazaki-san here so she'll have to com-ugh!" Chibi-Setsuna started to tremble.

"What's wrong?" Asuna asked worriedly.

"Something is happening to my real body. I can't keep a connection." Chibi-Setsuna then poofed back into a piece of paper.

"Oh no. something must have happened on Setsuna-nee-san and Gohan-nii-san's side!" Chamo said holding the piece of paper.

"Say what?" yelled everyone in a panic. What was going to happen?



* * *



Author's note: Yay! Another chapter done! And we are getting to climax of the Kyoto arc. This what I have been waiting for when I started to write this series. Be prepared for a few surprises in the next chapter. I hoped that you guys enjoyed the chapter. READ AND REVIEW!

Oh by the way, I put up a link to my devianART in which I will be able to display images from Saiyan in Mahora that I made for example the photo taken during the Kyoto trip. Check it out in my profile if you are interested. Remember, leave some reviews! See you next week! Peace!





*Chapter 8*: Countdown to Battle!


			Disclaimer: I don't anything except for the characters that I created. See chapter 1 for more details.

Author's note: Hey everybody! Hope everyone had a good week. I am glad that testing is over but I still have one more test which is the essay part of the Social Studies exam but it shouldn't be too much of a problem. I want to thank naidoka1992 for beta-reading this chapter. I also want to give a shout out of thanks to everyone who has been reviewing so far. Keep it up! I encourage for other readers to leave reviews as well. I like to hear from everyone who reads this story!

Oh yeah, I posted up another picture on my DevianART account. It is basically if this series were an anime, the new picture would be the opening title screen at the end. The song I selected was the Dragon Ball Kai theme song, "Dragon Soul" by Takayoshi Tanimoto. Check it out and let me know what you think of it in the review section of this story.

So anyways, I present to you chapter 8 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 8: Countdown to Battle! Son Gohan, Protect the Princess!

Setsuna was hastily dragging Konoka out of the arcade and far away. Gohan was in the back of the group, watching out for potential threats as he scanned his surroundings for any enemy's ki. "Hey why are we running so far all of a sudden?" Yue asked.

"Yeah! What's happening Sakurazaki-san?" Haruna shouted as they ran through the streets. "Is some old boyfriend after you?"

"NO! Nothing like that," Setsuna said. "I'm sorry Konoka-ojou-sama but we have to keep on moving." Gohan was behind them all and was continuously watching out for anything suspicious. A glint of in the sunlight caught his attention and he sped forward sidestepping Haruna and Yue. He got in front of Setsuna and Konoka doing a grabbing motion then running off. Setsuna looked at him funny, but Gohan just held up some senbon he had caught. Setsuna's eyes widened. They're attacking in broad day light now? Setsuna thought.

"Setsuna-san! Head to Cinema Town. I'll meet you guys over there!" Gohan shout over his back. He shot Setsuna a glance that said 'Go there and lose the other two students' then he disappeared into the crowd. Setsuna mentally nodded at what he said and turned to Haruna and Yue.

"I'm sorry Saotome-san, Ayase-san, but I'm sorry about this but I uh want to be alone with Konoka-san!"

"Uh, okay?" the two replied. Setsuna proceeded to carry Konoka bridal style and jump over the wall, causing the two other students to sweatdrop. "Is she some sort of ninja?" Haruna asked Yue.

"I thought you had to pay to get in," Yue answered ignoring the question. She then walked into the town, Haruna in tow.

A top an electrical post was the Gothic Lolita Tsukuyomi. She was watching Setsuna with a dreamy look in her eyes. "Setsuna-senpai is so devoted, even when not working. Though the choice of where to escape to is rather interesting I should say." Tsukuyomi giggled in excitement as she disappeared.



* * *



Setsuna was walking through the streets of cinema continuously looking over her shoulder. As long as there are a lot of people they won't do anything. We can wait for Negi-sensei and the others here. Let's see if I can contact them. Negi-sensei! Negi-sensei! Shoo they did cut off my connection with the shikigami, but the last thing that I saw was that Negi-sensei was pretty banged up. Where is Gohan-sensei? I could really use his help.

"Se-chan! Se-chan!" Konoka called out to her.

"Yes Ojou-sama?" Setsuna turned around to see Konoka in an stunning crimson kimono with floral designs and her hair put into an elegant ponytail. She was using an umbrella to shade herself. Setsuna blushed, "Konoka-ojou-sama why are you wearing those clothes?"

"There were changing rooms over there, that you can borrow costumes. So how do I look Se-chan?" Konoka asked doing a twirl.

"Um…er… you look beautiful," Setsuna stammered. She does look beautiful. Setsuna stopped her thinking about that. She shook her head to clear her thoughts.

"Ehehe, thank you." Konoka went into a thinking pose then smiled. "I know, why don't we get you a costume too? I'll even pick it for you!"

"What? I don't think I have that one fits me Konoka-ojou-sama," Setsuna complained as she was dragged and forced into a costume. She had on green hakama, black and gold chest armor, and a white jacket with red triangle designs on the bottom. She had on a hitai-ate on her forehead, along with her real sword. "Ojou-sama, I don't get why I have to wear male clothing?"

"It suits you Se-chan! Now come on let's go for a walk!" Konoka grabbed her arm and made her walk with her to various stores. "Hey look Se-chan!" She grabbed a piece of bread from a table and stuffed it in her mouth. "It's a sweet bun!" she said with giant eyes. Setsuna couldn't help herself and laughed. Turning around until her laughter subsided, Setsuna took in deep breaths.

"Sorry," Setsuna apologized though she had to stifle her giggles. Konoka beamed brightly at her.

"You finally laughed Se-chan!" A troupe of school girls were watching them a cheered.

"Hey it's a bi-shounen samurai and her princess!" a nameless girl shouted. "Do you mind if we take a picture?"

"Sure!" Konoka chirped.

"Can you do a pose for us?" Setsuna grabbed and held Konoka protectively and drew her sword as they took the picture. After the picture Konoka turned to Setsuna and giggled.

"Se-chan you look so much like a boy, they might think we are a couple!"

"What are you saying ojou-sama?" Setsuna shouted flustered. Setsuna then smiled a very small smile. I guess this is fine. I mean we used to play like this all the time."Can I have a copy of that photo?" Setsuna asked the girl who had taken the picture. Konoka also requested for one as well.

"Haruna, all I can see is that those two have a good relationship," Yue said as she and her friend were spying on the two. "There is nothing going on between them."

"But I mean look at them, it seems they are really close to each other," Haruna tried to persuade her friend to agree with her. They heard chuckling behind them, so Haruna and Yue turned around to see the entirety of group 4, Chisame was somewhere in the background.

"There is something odd about those two isn't there?" Kazumi said scratching her chin. She was in a black kimono. Chizuru was in a black Western dress complete with top hat. Natsumi was in a pink kimono, and Ayaka was in red one with a wig on her head put in the old Japanese fashion women wore during the time of samurai. Chisame was in a traditional priestess costume.

"You guys came to cinema town too! And what's with the weird get up?" Haruna asked.

"You should change, it feels cool."

"Hey look someone is coming!" Natsumi pointed out. A carriage came to a halt in front of Konoka and Setsuna. In it was a girl in an English woman dress that was all in white. A fan was covering her face.

"You're…" Setsuna started.

"That's right! I'm from the Shinmei-Ryuu. Just kidding!" Tsukuyomi said as she got out of the carriage. "I'm just a noble woman from a western house. You swordsman, I've come to take the princess in place of the money I lent you!"

"What are you doing? There are a lot of people here!"

"Don't worry it's an act Se-can! She's an actor!" Konoka clapped her hands.

"Cinema Town can sometimes spontaneously get visitors to be in an act," Yue explained.

This is how she will try to get Konoka-ojou-sama! They are pretending this is an act! Setsuna thought. Before Setsuna could speak, Tsukuyomi threw her glove as an indication of a duel. However, the glove failed to reach its target when it was blocked by an incoming figure, walking in between the two. "My my, things are getting a little lively here aren't they?" All the spectators turned to the figure that spoke and had gotten in the way. The figure was wearing an orange coat that had black sleeves and had a pattern of yellow circles in the orange section of the coat. It looked like one of those Chinese shirts that Chinese martial artists wore. He was also wearing black pants with black boots as well as a green hat. But the most interesting thing was that he was wearing a bunny mask.

"Ara who are you?" Tsukuyomi smiled at the figure.

"Don't mind me. I am just a humble farmer who is paying his respects to a princess," the figure said while carrying a rice basket on his back. Once he was in front of her, he put aside the basket and went ahead to kneel down before Konoka.

"Eh who are you?" Konoka asked. The figure looked up to Konoka.

"Ah princess, you can call me Jiji-san. I am in your service princess," the figure said. Setsuna blinked a couple of times as she tried to process on what was going on right now. Who is this 'Jiji-san'? And why does his aura feel so familiar?

"So who do you think that person is?" Natsumi asked.

"Probably some pervert," muttered Yue.

"Noble woman," Jiji-san said as he turned his attention to Tsukuyomi, "I will not let you harm the princess of our land. I will protect the princess with the noble samurai ."

"That's right! I will protect Konoka-ojou-sama till the end!" Setsuna said proudly.

"Eek!" Konoka giggled. "You're so cool Se-chan!"

Setsuna immediately blushed when Konoka grabbed her arm lovingly. "Ah, don't do that, Ojou-sama." She didn't want everyone to get the wrong idea. However, deep down Setsuna kind of liked this attention. Jiji-san let out a smile underneath his mask. He couldn't have said what Setsuna had stated earlier any better.

As everyone was clapping and cheering at the 'show' that they were watching, the girls were watching from a corner with intent as they misunderstood Setsuna's statement as a proclamation of love towards Konoka. "Just as I thought," Kazumi said, "the two of them have that kind of relationship."

"What?" Ayaka yelled. "Hey, everybody, what's going on?" Ayaka complained because she couldn't see what was going on before them as the other girls were covering the corner and blocking her view.

Tsukuyomi giggled. "Is that so? I suppose I have no choice, then. I'll challenge you for Konoka-sama. The place will be at the Japanese bridge opposite of the main gate."

"Maybe this isn't an act," Kazumi said.

"Well then, just what is it?" Yue asked.

"It must be that Sakurazaki-san and Konoka do have that kind of relationship," Haruna misguidely concluded, "And there's a third woman involved who loves Konoka, so it's a love triangle. Using the premise of an act at Cinema Mura, she's going to fight to win her love!"

"Then what about that bunny masked man? Didn't he say that he was a farmer?" Yue asked.

"Well…maybe it is one of Konoka's old boyfriends or a relative maybe," Haruna said with a pound to her chest and huffing proudly. Everyone sweat dropped, knowing that Haruna had just made that part up.

Tsukuyomi continued with her devilish smile, "We wouldn't want to have innocent people getting hurt if both of you are busy." Her irises turned white and the Celera turned black, a demonic grin was adopted on her face. Konoka was scared out of her wits and hid behind Jiji-san and Setsuna. "I'll see you in 30 minutes!" She got in her carriage and drove away.

Setsuna and Jiji-san stared at the carriage as it drove away. I've got no choice, Setsuna said to herself. I've got to do it to protect Konoka-ojou-sama. "Samurai-san," Jiji-said, making Setsuna turn her attention to the newcomer, "Be careful of that noble woman. She is more dangerous that she looks. But I don't have to tell you that since you had fought against her before." Setsuna turned wide-eyed as soon as she heard that last part.

"No,"Setsuna muttered, "it couldn't be. You're…" However before she could finish her sentence, the entire crowd clapped for them.

Soon the rest of the class came and barraged the three with questions. "Sakurazaki-san! What is going on here? Why didn't you tell us something important like this?" Kazumi shouted. "And who is the old man?"

"If both of you call her princess does that mean the three are you are in a polygamous relationship?" Haruna asked.

"What?" Setsuna and Jiji-san said at the same time with a little bit of a sweat drop.

"And who was that girl? She called you Sempai. Could that mean that she's an old girlfriend?" Haruna asked. "Oh yeah, that's right. Kyoto is your and Konoka's hometown. And Jiji-san is an old boyfriend that lives in Kyoto. It all makes sense!"

"What all makes sense?" Chisame scoffed.

"Please slow down. What are you two talking about?" Setsuna asked. Jiji-san let out a sigh. He didn't have time to deal with this.

"Look girls, you are misunderstanding the situation," Jiji-san said with a hint of a younger voice. None of the girls picked that up except for Kazumi, who turned her head to Jiji-san with a questioning look on her face. Jiji-san flinched. Oh crap! He said to himself, Did she find out?

Kazumi smiled as soon as she saw the flinch. She knew exactly who the person behind the mask was but wasn't going to go any further. She knew that the person must have had a good reason to do this. But why call Konoka a princess? Was there any subtle meaning behind those words? She wondered to herself jealously. "Anyways, no matter, we support you girls all the way," she said. "If I write an article or something, I won't say anything indecent, so rest easy."

"We are on your side, Sakurazaki-san!" Haruna said.

"Wait just a second!" yelled Ayaka. "I can't follow your conversation! Everyone's left me out!"

"Come on, Iincho, you're a little slow," Haruna said. She put her hand up in the air and said, "All right, everyone? It's decided! We'll support your love for each other with all we've got!"

"All right! We'll back you up against those creeps!" Chizuru joined in the cheering.

"Whaaa? Wai-Wait! You've got it all wrong!" Setsuna yelled. Jiji-san couldn't help but let out a small chuckle. This situation was turning out to be very interesting but at the same time, potentially dangerous. He wasn't sure on how to protect everyone if push comes to shove. All he could do is play the part of an old farmer and hope for the best.

"I wonder how many foes there will be. Leave it to us, Sakurazaki-san!" Haruna yelled.

Setsuna blushed and waved her hands in protest. "I said, you've got it all wrong! Cut it out, everything's okay."

"You don't have to be ashamed anymore, Sakurazaki-san," Kazumi said. "You too Jiji-san." She gave a nudge to Jiji-san's stomach playfully. Jiji-san looked her curiously to what she meant by that.

"Ayaka, come over here. I'll explain everything to you," Chizuru said as she brought Ayaka closer to explain the situation.

While the girls were talking amongst themselves with Jiji-san overlooking the situation with his hands behind his back and in a fist like he was trying to straighten his back, Yue looked at Konoka and noticed that she was a little pale. "What's the matter, Konoka-san?"

Konoka flinched. "Oh, n-nothing…"

Around the corner, the white haired boy known as Fate stared at the scene with intent. He was looking for the Gold Fighter. But where is he? Fate wondered. Could it be that Jiji-san? I wouldn't put it past him since he came in with a disguise during the fight the last time. "No worries though," Fate muttered. "Even if he doesn't show up, I have brought the experiments out to test their capabilities against such an opponent like the Gold Fighter." Behind him stood two boys, roughly the same size as Fate but one had blue hair and the other red hair. Neither of them showed any expression on their faces, making them look like they had no soul in them.



* * *



Meanwhile, up in the air, something was flying above Cinema town. "Hurry, hurry, Aniki!"

"I'm going as fast as I can, Chamo-kun." It was Negi but instead he was in Chibi size with Chamo on top of his head. "This magic is new to me, so I can't use it very well…"

"Hey…Aniki!" Chamo yelled. "There! This is it without a doubt!"

"This is…Cinema Town, right?" Negi asked as he stood in awe at the sight of town. Chamo then turned Negi's head towards a direction where he saw some figures walking along. It was the girls from Class-3A all dressed up. Some were dressed as Samurais while others using women clothing like Kimonos and such. "It's everyone from class! I wonder what they're up to?"

"Let's check it out! Without being spotted of course," Chamo said. Negi nodded and began to descend. As he descended, Negi noticed the bunny masked man walking along with the class. Negi, at first, thought it was an old man based on his stature but for some reason he felt that the bunny masked man wasn't really old. His energy felt similar to someone else's but who's?

"Setsuna-san, Setsuna-san," Negi muttered as he floated close to Setsuna as a speck of light. Setsuna heard the voice and noticed the light approaching her. Jiji-san also did as well but didn't make his observations to obvious to notice. "Are you all right, Setsuna-san!"

"Negi-sensei! How'd you get here!" Setsuna asked.

"Um, I used Chibi Setsuna's paper and followed your ki," replied Chibi Negi.

"Never mind that," muttered the ermine. "What happened here, Ane-san! And where is Gohan-nii?"

"Well..." Setsuna was about to explain the situation before a voice boomed before them.

"Huhuhuhuhu, it looks like everyone is here!" Everyone turned their attention towards the bridge to see a figure holding two swords. "This will make things a lot more interesting. Konoka-sama and Setsuna-senpai, I'll make both of you mine!" Tsukuyomi said atop the bridge her eyes closed and she was smiling. Konoka was trembling scared of the girl in front of them.

"Se-chan, she scares me," Konoka said trembling.

"Don't worry Konoka-ojou-sama," Setsuna said with a smile. "No matter what happens, I'll protect you."

"So will I," Jiji also said as Setsuna looked up to see Jiji-san staring down the enemy. "Setsuna-san, don't hold back against her. Also don't worry about Konoka-hime, I'll protect her with my life. Do what you must, but promise to return to us." For some reason, Jiji-san's words were very soothing and reassuring which made Setsuna blush.

"Hai. I promise," Setsuna replied.

"I'll hold you to it. We don't want to see our little princess cry right?" Then they heard clapping all around them. There was a crowd of people going to watch the scene.

"It's like those two are making a pact of brotherhood to protect Konoka! Jiji-san and Sakurazaki-san are cool aren't they Ayaka?" Chizuru giggled.

"I wonder if those two could join our club." Natsumi thought about having Setsuna do some acting in the drama club. They did need more people who could fit the male roles in it.

"We'll lend you our strength Sakurazaki-san!" Ayaka shouted with anime tears as she held Setsuna's hands.

"You still don't understand!" Setsuna shouted.

"I see these people are going to join," Tsukuyomi stated. She then released a few charms and an odd assortment of Japanese folkloric monsters came to life. "They will be the opponents of my cute little pets!"

"What cute little CGI monsters!" Haruna exclaimed. Well they were cute until they started flipping the girls skirts up, causing them to scream. Damn perverted demons as they started to flip skirts and remove certain clothing, revealing some lingerie that the girls were wearing.

"What's happening?" Chibi Negi asked as he saw the chaos occurring. But one scene got him interested.

While some of the demons attacked the girls, a few of the demons were coming near Jiji-san as he got into a fighting stance. The demons approached and Jiji-san attacked, yelling, "JAN-KEN!" This caused a few heads to turn towards Jiji-san. Jiji-san then yelled, "GU!" forming a punch as it went towards one of the demons. A demon sprang up behind Jiji-san and Kazumi was about to shout for him to watch out. However, she didn't have to as Jiji-san yelled "CHYOKI!" He took out his two fingers on his left hand and poked the demon in the eyes. Some more demons sprang up in front of him. Jiji-san smiled beneath his mask as he added a little bit extra behind his next attack, "PA!" He launched an open palm towards the demons, sending a huge gust of wind towards them. The demons that attacked him stood powerless before Jiji-san's attacks as most of them turned to paper.

Setsuna stood before the bridge as the chaos around her ensued. "Negi-sensei! Run away with Go…I mean Jiji-san and take Konoka-ojou-sama to a safe place!" said Setsuna.

"B-But…where is Gohan-san?" Chibi Negi asked but before he could get answered, Setsuna chanted an incantation.

"Return Negi-sensei to his normal size in appearance only," Setsuna said. Poof occurred and out came a normal sized Negi wearing a ninja outfit. As soon as he appeared, Jiji-san stood next to him, shocking Konoka.

"EEYAH! You surprised me, appearing like that out of nowhere," Konoka said unsure on what was going on.

"I'm sorry," Setsuna said as she stared down Tsukuyomi, "but you've got to go! Negi-sensei, Jiji-san, please protect her." Both Jiji-san and Negi nodded.

Jiji-san grabbed Konoka in bridal style and went running towards the opposing direction from Setsuna and everyone else. Jiji-san turned his head towards Setsuna and asked. "Do you think you can handle her though?"

"Hai Jiji-san, I can handle her," Setsuna assured them. As she finished the sentence Tsukuyomi came crashing down on her with her swords drawn. Setsuna managed to block the surprise attack with her nodachi but her fake sword broke. She was deadlocked with Tsukuyomi, who was using both blades to hold back Setsuna's sword. "Are the Shinmei-Ryuu into keep monsters now?"

"Don't worry I won't hurt the kids. I just want to have a sword fight with you. That onii-san interrupted our dance last time." Tsukuyomi pushed off Setsuna and got into a guarded stance. Jiji-san and Negi were weaving through the crowd holding Konoka. Ayaka noticed the three of them running; however her attention was towards the appearance of one Negi Springfield.

"Negi-sensei! Negi-sensei's here!" A kappa came to attack her but she flipped it over onto its back. "HIROYUKI AYAKA STYLE, AIKIJUJITSU! 'WINTER FLOWER!'"

The crowd stood in awe at the display of strength of Ayaka. Some of them included the girls in the class such as Haruna as well as one Jiji-san. "Kick ass! That's our Iincho!"

"Ho ho hah," laughed Ayaka. "You're a fool to pit against a mere person in costume! It's useless trying to come between Negi-sensei and me." She turned around, ready to go in the same direction as Negi. However a gigantic cat statue fell on her.

"Iincho!" Haruna yelled. "Iincho's been killed! Everyone, the battle's on to avenge her death!" Jiji-san sweat dropped at the girls trying to fight desperately against the demons but kept running with Konoka in his arms and Negi beside him.

"Jiji-san?" Jiji-san looked down and saw the worried face of Konoka. "I don't get what is happening but is Se-chan going to be okay?"

"Of course she will, she did promise to come back to us remember," Jiji-san answered confidently as they kept on running.

"Let's hide here!" yelled Negi as they entered a building. "I hope we are safe in here." Jiji-san nodded in agreement, hoping to lose them. They ran up some stairs and then went through a door. Once through the door, Jiji-san and Negi stopped. They were surprised to see the monkey lady and the same weird white heard boy in front of him again. Behind them were more monsters, two of those annoying monkey suites and one demon archer. But what caught Jiji-san's eye was two similar boys to Fate that stood behind him, one having red hair and the other blue hair.

"Welcome, Konoka-ojou-sama," Chigusa said. "Looks like Tsukuyomi's done a good job trapping you."

"What?" Konoka and Negi yelled. Jiji-san was unmoved.

"Ara? Who are you? I was expecting that weirdo, the Gold Fighter, to show up," Chigusa said. "And what's that boy doing over there? I thought Kotarou had trapped you." But then she noticed something and let out a smirk. "I get it now. You're not your real self. Meaning your arms and legs are stubs and totally useless."

She then turned her head towards Fate. "Looks like we don't need those reinforcements after all. These squirts will be no problem for us."

Jiji-san's eyes narrowed. He gently put Konoka down on the ground, and put his right hand towards the mask. "Looks like I have to fight against you after all." He then partially took his mask off, revealing part of his face, showing his oynx eyes. Negi and Konoka immediately knew who it was when they saw a bang of black hair come out. The air around them picked up and started to swirl around Jiji-san. The green hat that Jiji-san wore came off, revealing his jet black hair that stood up. However, the hair was acting very strange according to Konoka's eyes. The hair was going back and forth between gold and black until finally…the dust swirled around Jiji-san and a golden aura immediately appeared, surrounding Jiji-san or rather…Son Gohan!

Chigusa turned wide-eyed. "I-It's you! The Gold Fighter!" Gohan smirked as he fully took off the mask and stared down at his opponents, especially towards Fate and his two companions.

"Gohan-san!" Negi yelled excitedly. "I knew it was you! But why were you wearing a disguise?"

"Gohan-kun?" Konoka was shocked. She had absolutely no clue on what was going on or how Gohan was able to change his hair color like that without doing proper procedure of dying it at a salon.

"Sorry for deceiving you Konoka-san, Negi-san," Gohan said as he moved his jade green eyes to Konoka, making her blush. Gohan wondered what made her blush but chose to ignore it. "It was the only way to protect everyone without drawing suspicion."

Konoka stood in awe before Gohan's new form. Even though she didn't mind the blond hair, his eyes were so very captivating. So beautiful and handsome too, she thought with a hint of a blush.

"Well, it seems that you were there all along Gold Fighter-kun," Fate said as he stepped in front. "You shouldn't have involved yourself. Just give us the girl and we will spare your life."

Gohan turned serious. "I think it should be the other way around Fate. You guys should be the ones to give up." Gohan hated to fight and thus he would always seek an alternative rather than fight.

"Yeah right," Chigusa chuckled. "We will get Konoka-ojou-sama, even if it means killing everyone in this area."

Gohan clenched his fists and teeth in anger. His aura expanded, causing the air around them to swirl around him even more. Negi, Chigusa and Konoka were forced to cover their eyes from the dust. Only Fate and his two companions didn't move a muscle. "I will not let you harm my friends or any other innocent people." He then turned his head around and said to Negi, "Negi-san, get Konoka-san out of here now!" Negi nodded and grabbed the girl, then went to jump out the window.

"After them!" One monkey grabbed the woman and jumped too followed by the demon archer and his brother. Gohan turned and looked at his opponent.

"This is your last chance. Give up."

"Sorry Gold Fighter-kun, you should be the one to give up." Fate then did some sort of signal to the two behind as they charged ahead towards Gohan's position. Gohan got into his fighting stance and blocked the incoming attack from the red haired boy (I'll refer to him as Red so as to not confuse you guys and not have to keep writing red haired boy a lot). As he blocked the attack from Red, Gohan noticed a light shining behind Red and saw the blue haired boy (I'll refer to him as Blue for the same reason with Red) charge up a ki blast. Gohan clenched his teeth as he and Red jumped out of the way. The ki blast went through the wall and towards outside. Gohan stood in shock at the display of power behind the attack. They were trying to kill him without any regard to their surroundings. Innocent people could have gotten hurt!

"Why the hell did you do that?" Gohan yelled, angry that the blast could have hurt his friends and students. "You could have hurt somebody!"

"I apologize for my 'friend's' behavior but it seems that he still hasn't been created with an appreciation for his surroundings. After all, he was created as an experiment," Fate said with his passive face.

Gohan turned a bit wide-eyed. "Experiment? What do you mean?"

Fate was unresponsive as Red went to attack Gohan. He threw a punch at Gohan, which he caught. While still holding the red haired boy, Gohan went to kick his face with his right leg, which the red haired boy caught as well. Red started to put pressure into his grip as if to break the leg. Gohan's eyes widened and went to elbow the red haired boy with his free hand. His opponent moved his head back, Gohan followed up by extending the arm entirely to make a punch. Red let go of the leg and jumped away. Gohan was about to go and chased after him, only to see Blue charge up an electric magic attack. Lightning came out of his hands and towards Gohan. Gohan stopped and blocked the attack. He desperately tried to not harm any more of the building's structure as he took the hit.

A small explosion occurred, blocking the three boy's sight. Red and Blue stood with the same passive look on their face as Fate's. Fate looked around for Gohan. He then noticed a new window was opened. "Follow him," Fate ordered. Red and Blue went out the window. But as soon as they headed out, they heard a voice. "MASENKO HAAA!" A yellow ki beam came down from the sky and hit the two boys on target. The two were sent flying to the ground as Fate looked out the window and saw Gohan up in the air.

Fate then got out of the window and jumped to the highest point of the building. Gohan dropped down a bit from the sky and met Fate at eye level. "Is that the best you have Fate?" Gohan said.

"You shouldn't sound so arrogant Gold Fighter-kun. You still haven't finished them off," Fate replied.

"What?" Gohan wondered but then felt a tug in the air. He looked down at the spot where the two boys were sent and saw the two of them floating up in the sky. Gohan clenched his fist in anger. Damn, Gohan said to himself, I knew it wasn't going to be easy. Gohan got in his fighting position as Red went to attack him.

Red went ahead to punch at Gohan. Gohan then counterattacked as he launched a kick at Red's head. Red blocked it, and then blocked the punch Gohan threw. As Gohan held the punch in his hand, Blue appeared behind Gohan and launched another large ki blast at Gohan. Gohan turned his attention to Blue and lost his focus on Red as he disappeared. "What?" yelled Gohan as he took the full brunt of the attack, sending him towards the ground.



* * *



Setsuna was running on the bridge occasionally meeting in the middle to try to make a swipe at Tsukuyomi. Damn I can't seem to find an opening. Then she felt the ground move violently as she and Tsukuyomi were shaken by the pressure. Setsuna turned her head around to see a pillar of smoke near the direction of which Jiji-san, Negi and Konoka went by. Please be okay Konoka-ojou-sama, Setsuna said to herself as she readied for the parry attack from Tsukuyomi.



* * *



Back at the crater, Gohan pushed away the rubble with a groan. "These guys are no pushovers," Gohan muttered. He looked up and saw the two boys up in the air looking down at him. Red wasn't doing anything while Blue was chanting something. Gohan was curious to what he was saying and soon learned what it was when several rays of light came out of Blue's hand and towards Gohan's position. "That's Negi-san's technique!" How could he have known that technique? Gohan jumped away at the last second and went on to solid ground. Once he landed however, Red went ahead and attacked him.

Gohan leapt over Red's attempt to sweep his legs out from under him. Flipping backwards, he disappeared. Red ducked under the kick that Gohan launched at him, reappearing behind him. Gohan sent an elbow, but Red caught it, and Gohan launched himself away again.

Landing with a skid using his hand to stop his momentum, Gohan shot towards Red. Launching a wave of attacks, the red haired boy managed to dodge or block all of them, then delivered a shot right to Gohan's face. Gohan brought his foot up and kicked Red in the face. The two landed with some distance between them, facing each other. Gohan prepared his next set of attacks when he felt a tug in the air. He looked up and saw Blue having his two hands together above his head. Gohan flinched. "No way! That's not possible!"

A yellow ball of ki started to form in the hands of Blue as he shouted in the air, "MASENKO HA!" A yellow ki beam went towards Gohan's position. Gohan planted his feet firmly in the ground. This attack is very powerful! It can take out this entire area if I don't stop it! Gohan put his hands up in the air to block the shot as it clashed with him. Gohan started to get pushed back by the attack as his feet were getting dragged. Gohan clenched his teeth as he desperately tried to stop the attack from hitting the ground.

Gohan decided he had enough. "HYAAAHH!" His yellow aura engulfed him again as he pushed back the yellow ball of ki and shot it back at Blue. Blue moved to the side as the ball went past and up into the sky. Gohan stared at his opponents. The spectators that were watching this fight were in complete awe. They believed that everything was still an act and all the ki beams and such were just CGI effects.

Gohan, on the other hand, knew that these were no tricks. They were really meant to destroy the environment and people around them. I can't let this fight get more out of hand! Gohan said to himself as he tried to resist his Saiyan instinct to keep on fighting and enjoy it. He absolutely hated that part of him.

Red landed on the ground softly and immediately shot himself towards Gohan. Gohan blocked a kick from Red then launched himself into the air, disappearing – Red quickly followed him up. Shockwaves were heard and felt all across town.

"You must have noticed Gold Fighter-kun that these two are not ordinary fighters that you have encountered before," Fate said casually as he stood on one of the ledges of the nearby buildings watching the fight. "These two were designed for later use but I believe that these two experiments are perfect for you. You use ki to enhance your strength as well as use it in a beam-like form for long range attacks. Thus these experiments are perfect against you since each one of them has a separate programming. One focuses on frontal attack using the body, the other as a shooter-like warrior, staying behind and using long range attacks."



* * *



Setsuna and Tsukuyomi continued to fight. However, Setsuna started to feel and hear the shockwaves coming the direction where she saw the pillar of smoke earlier. What is going on?

"Hey look up there!" a person from the crowd shouted. Setsuna stopped fighting and saw that Negi and Konoka were on the top of the building, Negi standing in front of her as a shield. "Ojou-sama!"

"You shouldn't look away senpai!" Tsukuyomi chirped as she forced Setsuna to block again.

"Sakurazaki Setsuna! Guard of Ojou-sama! My demons have the two in his sights! If you try to interfere he will shoot. If the boy moves he shoots," Chigusa said. "Just hand us over Ojou-sama. We might let you go free."

"Negi-kun? Are they still filming a movie?" Konoka asked.

"I'm sorry, Konoka-san," responded Negi. Ugh, Negi said to himself, I'm such an idiot. Setsuna-san and Gohan-san believed and trusted me with Konoka-san. What should I do?

Suddenly, Negi heard and felt shockwaves emitting nearby. He and Konoka turned their heads towards that direction and saw Gohan battling against Red. Red blocked a few punches and kicks that seemed to come out of nowhere. Gohan launched himself backwards, reappearing, getting himself out of the line of a punch that Red threw.

Gohan shot at Red, throwing a punch. Red blocked it, only it wasn't a punch – it was an after-image, and Gohan punched the unsuspecting Red a moment later, knocking the red haired to near the building that Negi and Konoka were at.

Gohan stood in the air, panting a bit. Damn, these guys are tough. I could easily handle these guys with the power that the Ro Kaioshin-sama gave me but it really could destroy this place. And some of my students could get in the crossfire. It is too much of a risk to use it! While Gohan pondered on what he should do, Blue appeared behind him. Stone pillars were then thrown at Gohan, in an attack similar to Fate's.

Gohan dodged each one and shot a ki blast at the pillars that were about to hit the spectators. At the last second, Gohan blocked a punch from Red, but the red haired boy kept pushing. Red then drew his fist back and punched Gohan in the face multiple times. Gohan dropped down a bit in the air and was able to stop in midair. Red went dashing towards him and Gohan, in the nick of time, kicked Red in the stomach, sending him flying higher into the air.

Gohan phased out of sight, reappearing behind Red, and throwing a punch at the red haired boy's back. Red phased out of sight, avoiding the blow. He reappeared behind Gohan, attempting to hammer the demi-Saiyan into the ground, but Gohan dodged. The two began darting across the sky in an attempt to hit the other.

Gohan reappeared, delivering a direct blow to Red's face. Red disappeared, moving so fast it appeared there was four of him, and suddenly reappeared above Gohan, smashing him towards the ground. Gohan stopped himself two feet from touching dirt and shot back up to face Red and Blue.

"Gohan-san," Negi muttered, fearing for his safety as he saw that Gohan was struggling against two tough opponents.

"Negi-kun, everything's fine," Konoka said. "Se-chan and Gohan-kun said they'd protect me no matter what happened. Se-chan and Gohan-kun will surely help us."

"Konoka-san," Negi said. But as luck would have it, the wind blew which forced Negi to steady Konoka. The demon saw him move and shot his arrow.

"Why the hell did you shoot?" Chigusa shouted. Negi decided to jump forward to slow down the arrow but the arrow went through his arm. Setsuna was in another deadlock with Tsukuyomi and couldn't move.

"Ojou-sama!"

Konoka watched as the arrow came closer to her. She covered her eyes for the incoming attack but it never came. A squirt of blood was heard. She opened her eyes and saw a figure stand before her. "Are you okay Konoka-san?" It was Gohan! The arrow had hit him in the chest and was bleeding, but not too badly.

"G-Gohan-kun," Konoka muttered. Gohan winced in pain as he put his palms out and send out a ki-enhanced wind blast at Chigusa and the demons on the roof. Chigusa got out of the way but her monkeys were destroyed. The demon archer was forced off the roof too.

Gohan grabbed the arrow and pulled it out, wincing in pain. "Gohan-kun, are you alright?" Konoka asked going to his side.

"I'm fine Konoka-san…" Gohan's eyes widened as he saw Blue behind Konoka. His hands were cupped to the side and a blue ball was forming. Gohan grabbed Konoka, and turned her around to avoid the attack.

"KAMEHAMEHA!" Blue yelled. The blast went straight for Gohan as he protected Konoka from the blast as the wave hit directly on his back, scarring it very badly. The blast created a large gash on his back, sending blood everywhere. "GAAAHHH!" Gohan screamed as he fell off the roof, losing his transformation as he went back to his normal state.

"Gohan-sensei!" Setsuna shouted as he fell. The crowd gasped at the scene as Gohan could barely see through his now heavy eyes. He saw some figure following him off the roof. He opened his eyes more and saw that it was Konoka following him.

She hugged his falling form. "Please don't die Gohan-kun," she whispered to him. They landed on the water with Konoka while still hugging Gohan. The crowd gasped as they saw Konoka covered in a white light with a healed Gohan in her arms. Gohan's eyes widened, then grabbed her into his arms then jumped onto the land.

"The wound is gone…" Gohan whispered.

"Gohan-kun, are you okay? I saw you fall then I blacked out," Konoka asked him. Gohan couldn't believe it. She completely healed me. Is she like Dende-san? I somehow feel already stronger. Gohan then saw Blue prepare for another Kamehameha attack. Gohan decided to follow suit as he transformed again into a Super Saiyan and prepared the same attack.

"KAMEHAMEHA!" Both Gohan and Blue yelled as they shot their waves at each other. All the people stared in awe as the two waves clashed with each other. Gohan's wave was pushing more than Blue's was until finally Blue's wave was totally engulfed by Gohan's wave. However, Gohan knew better as he saw Blue reappear but heavily injured by the attack. The crowd was in awe.

"More CGI! I knew coming to Cinema Town today was a good idea!" a spectator shouted. The crowd agreed.

"Konoka-san, stand behind me." The girl followed what she was told to do. Gohan started to think his options. If he continued this fight, countless people will get hurt. He and the others needed to escape. But how? Then it hit him, like lightning. It's the perfect option. Gohan then turned his head and shouted, "Setsuna-san, tell everyone in our class to cover their eyes!" Setsuna was unsure what he meant but she knew that Gohan must have had a plan in mind. Setsuna pushed off Tsukuyomi and went to the rest of the class and gave the instructions that Gohan had provided to her.

Chigusa stood before Gohan and Konoka, with Tsukuyomi behind her waving around her sword. Fate then landed next to Chigusa. Blue and Red stood in the sky right above the group. Gohan stared down at Fate and let out a smirk of confidence. This had caught everyone by surprise including Fate. "Why are you smirking Gold Fighter?" Chigusa asked. "You are no match for our reinforcements and you are easily outnumbered."

"That is true, but I have been in worse situations than this," Gohan said. Konoka turned her head and wondered what kind of situations had Gohan been in if this one wasn't already dangerous enough. "However, I can't really fight to my full potential without some casualties. Don't worry, I will get to fight you guys another time, especially you Fate," Gohan said tauntingly.

Fate's face had turned from passive to a bit of a furious one. "You are very arrogant Gold Fighter-kun. As Chigusa-san had mentioned earlier, you are no match for the experiments. Even if you did have a trump card, you can't possibly escape from this situation. What you are is all talk."

Gohan let out a chuckle. "I guess that you will have to wait and see if I really am all talk. But it looks like my attention is needed elsewhere." Gohan then put his hands to his temples, palms inward, fingers spread. "Konoka-san, please close your eyes right now," Gohan muttered. Konoka was unsure on what he meant but she did as she was told. Gohan then let out a loud yell, "TAIYO-KEN!"

Everyone screamed in shock as a massive flash shot from nowhere and made the world go dark with the gray-green afterimage of Gohan with his hand next to his face and Konoka standing behind him burned into their brain. They, for several seconds, were totally blind. Finally, after a seeming eternity, the world, very blurry and out of focus, swam into view, then gradually sharpened until they could see well again. Chigusa looked around and noticed that Gohan and Konoka had left. "Where the hell did they go?"

Fate was furious. Gohan had given him the slip. No matter, Fate said to himself, he is still no match for the experiments. If that was all of his power, then he should be no match for them when they show their full power. Chigusa let out a snarl of anger. "Anyways, we finally got to see a glimpse of Konoka-ojou-sama's power," Chigusa said. She then ordered everyone to retreat back to the hideout to plan out their next course of action.



* * *



"Gohan-kun, can I open my eyes now?" Konoka asked.

"Sure Konoka-san, it should be safe now," Gohan's voice said. Konoka then opened her eyes slowly and low and behold, Gohan was before her. They were also in a different place. "I don't think they will be following us for a while." Konoka nodded but blushed at the same time when she noticed that Gohan was carrying her in bridal style. Gohan was oblivious to it of course.

"Gohan-sensei!" Gohan and Konoka turned their heads as Gohan let Konoka down.

"Setsuna-san, glad you are okay," Gohan said. "Did you tell everyone to cover their eyes?"

"Hai Gohan-sensei," Setsuna answered not looking at him with slightly rosy cheeks. Gohan raised his eyebrows. He turned and noticed Konoka was the same way as well.

"What's wrong with you two?"

"Um sensei I think you should put on a shirt," Kazumi said as she joined them. She too was affected by his shirtless-ness. Gohan looked down and he was indeed shirtless. Well, half-shirtless to say the least. All he was in were black pants, black boots and an almost completely torn-up shirt. Gohan flinched as he immediately checked his pocket to see if his Capsule container fell and luckily it didn't. He let out a sigh of relief. He needed to get change quickly.

"Well, we should get going. We have to meet up with Negi-san and Asuna-san. Hopefully Nodoka-san is there as well. But first, we need to get changed," Gohan said as he walked with the group.



* * *



Back with Negi and Asuna…

"I don't think it is a good idea to go help out Sakurazki-san or Gohan right now," Asuna said. "I mean you're still hurt."

"I still have to go," Negi said as he tried to get up. "My double disappeared and I am worried about them."

"Hey Asuna-san, Negi-san!" the voice of Gohan echoed.

"Oh good they are here!" Asuna turned around then she shouted in surprise. "What are they doing here?"

"Huh?" Gohan turned around and saw that the rest of the group five was with him. "Oh them. W-Well you see…"

"I put a GPS on Sakurazaki-san while they were changing," Kazumi interrupted. She wished though that she could have seen Gohan change before her but couldn't. The man is so secretive.

"They followed us here. Sorry," Setsuna bowed. The group was currently walking towards the Kansai Magic Association.

"You shouldn't have done that! Do you know how dangerous it is right now? Negi almost died!"

"Gohan-kun almost died too!" Kazumi snapped at her.

"Wh-what?"

"Are you okay Gohan-san?" Negi asked.

"He took two attacks to that were meant for Konoka-ojou-sama," Setsuna said. "The first was an arrow near the heart, the second was a giant blast that hit across his back." If I were a bit faster he probably wouldn't have had to taken those attacks to his body.

"Don't worry about it," Gohan said. "As long as Konoka-san is safe, we are good. Beside I have taken worse damage than that."

Worse damage? Who are you? Everyone thought while sweat dropping. Asuna then noticed something different about Gohan. "Hey Gohan, what are you wearing?"

"Hmm? Oh this," Gohan said pointing to his blue dogi. There was a wide v-neck shape across the middle of his chest. He was wearing a red slash along with his black boots. "This is my training dogi. I had to change quickly and this was the only thing available at the time. Is there a problem with it?"

"N-Nope n-n-nothing at all," stuttered Asuna. Asuna was blushing heavily as she was entranced by the muscles that Gohan was showing and she wasn't the only one. The other girls except for Yue and Nodoka kept staring at Gohan's muscles.

"Hey, look! The entrance right?" Negi said, finally breaking the silence.

"Alright, let's go!" Haruna yelled as everyone went running ahead of Negi, Asuna and Gohan.

"Not so quick!" Asuna yelled as she tried to stop the girls from going and potentially be attacked by the enemy. After all, they were attacked by mages from the Kansai Magic Association. Until finally they reached the entrance and saw something incredible that laid before them.

"That's a lot of maids…" Gohan said.

"Welcome home ojou-sama!" they all announced in unison. Konoka blushed embarrassed.

"Sakurazki-san what's going on here?" Asuna asked.

"Well this is the Kansai Magic Association's headquarters, but at the same time it is also Konoka-ojou-sama's home," Setsuna explained.

"What?" Asuna yelled. "It's the first I've heard of it! Why didn't you tell us sooner?"

"I'm sorry," Setsuna responded. "I'd thought it would be dangerous for Ojou-sama to return to the head temple, but at Cinema Town, my decision seemed to have worked against us. Once we enter the home…I mean, the head temple…we should be safe." Asuna nodded in agreement, hoping that she wouldn't have to fight anymore.

The group then entered the home, "This place is big," Gohan muttered as he looked around. "Kind of reminds of Bulma's house." They then took a seat kneeling on some pillows in the main hall.

"If you would please wait here, the chief will be with you shortly," a random maid said.

"So if this is your house Konoka-san, does that mean…?" Negi asked.

"Thank you for waiting Asuna-kun, Konoka's classmates and your teachers Negi-sensei and Gohan-sensei. I welcome you to my home," Konoka's father, Konoe Eishun, greeted them.

"Dad! It's been so long!" Konoka shouted as she hugged her father. Gohan smiled at the scene.

"Eh Konoka's father was the chief of the west?" Negi asked.

"He is so sophisticated…wonderful…he might just be like Takahata-sensei," Asuna said in awe. Gohan frowned when he heard that, but he didn't know why.

"You know Asuna I will never get your taste in men," Kazumi shouted.

"Ah Chief-san, I have a letter for the chief of the west, the principal of Mahora Academy Konoemon Konoe, Chief of the east," Negi stated giving the letter to Konoka's father.

"I know all about it. I'm sorry it must have been hard on you," he said to the young teacher.

"N-no it wasn't." The head opened the letter and found a piece of paper with a chibi principal shaking his fist at him saying: "Get your henchmen in line son-in-law-dono!"

"Alright, by my will, we will try to cease our differences and console with the west. Good job Negi Springfield-kun." The girls cheered for him and tossed him into the air. "It'll be sunset by the time you get to the bottom of the mountain, so why don't you stay for the night? I'll have a feast prepared for you too."

"Alright!" Kazumi and Haruna shouted. A loud grumble was heard in the hall as well. Everyone looked at the spot where the grumble came from and saw Gohan, blushing a bit and rubbing the back of his neck.

"I guess you could say that I am kind of hungry," Gohan said. He was starving. Negi and the girls immediately knew what was going to happen next.

"But if we don't get back, people will be wondering where we are. I mean this is a school trip we are on," Negi said.

"Not a problem," Eishun said. "I'll send paper doubles in your stead."

"Umm…Konoe-dono," Gohan said, "I have a very big appetite so do you have enough…"

"Of course Son Gohan-sama, we have enough food to feed 100 people," Eishun replied with a smile

"Sama?" Gohan and the girls asked.

"Yes Son-sama for a good reason. It is because for saving my daughter. I saw what you did," Eishun said. Gohan was about to protest but Eishun stopped him. "I have eyes everywhere in my district. And based on what I saw, you are a great fighter. Your parents must be proud of you."

"Well I guess my dad would but I don't know about mom though," Gohan muttered.

The feast proceeded and some of the girls, namely Kazumi, Haruna, Nodoka and Yue, got drunk not knowing there was alcohol in their drinks. Gohan in the meantime, was eating everything in sight. Plates of food kept on coming and the stack of dirty dishes kept on rising in front of him. Asuna looked at him curiously. "I know that I should expect it but each time I see you eat, you keep eating a huge amount of food like it was nothing." Gohan let out his Son grin as he continued to eat more and add more dirty plates to the stack.

"Setsuna-kun," Eishun called out to her. Setsuna perked up then knelt down to him.

"S-sir. You would speak to someone like me?"

"Oh please don't be formal. I just wanted to thank you for protecting Konoka for those two years in Mahora. You responded to my requests and did marvelously."

"Ah no, it is okay. It is my pleasure protecting ojou-sama… Your words are wasted on me." She then adopted a sad look. "I was unable to protect her today…" Gohan then bopped her on the head with his fist. "Gohan-sensei…"

"Stop blaming yourself for that. You managed to keep Tsukuyomi at bay. If you didn't I would have been forced to take a more drastic action then just taking the two shots aimed at Konoka-san."

"But because of me you were wounded Gohan-sensei!"

"I told you not to mind it. I've dealt with worse. Besides Konoka-san healed me right up."

"So she did use her powers," Eishun said. "Well I'll say you are a very lucky person, Son-sama."

"What do you think triggered her powers Konoe-dono?" Gohan asked, curious to learn more about Konoka's powers as she could be very helpful if someone got seriously injured. However, he still believed that he needed the Senzu beans just to be safe.

"I think being near Negi too much did the trick."

"Figures…" Setsuna muttered.

Eishun sighed. "I thought I'd be able to give my little girl a normal life, but it seems like I'm wrong. Perhaps this is the right time to tell her. Setsuna-kun, can you please tell her for me?"



* * *



Later that evening…

Asuna let out a sigh of relief as she sat down in the bath. "Man this bath feels so good. After all that sweating today, I really needed it. I feel so refreshed!"

"I agree with you Kagurazaka-san," Setsuna said as she sat down next to her.

"This bath is huge! Just like the house itself! I mean I would have never guessed Konoka lived in something like this. But I want to know something. How bad was the wound Gohan got while he was protecting Konoka?"

"I-it went from where his neck ends down to his hip. It was like looking at a big hole," Setsuna replied sadly.

"So he did protect her using his body huh?" Asuna got a far away look in her eyes. When she snapped back to reality she saw Setsuna looking at her funny. "What?"

"Were you thinking of sensei protecting you like that?" Setsuna asked smirking.

"N-n-no! I wasn't thinking of Gohan using his body to protect me!" Asuna shouted to defend herself while blushing.

"I never said anything about Gohan-sensei you know." Asuna's whole face lit up like a Christmas tree due to her embarrassment. "Kagurazaka-san you know I'm just joking with you right?" Setsuna apologized.

"I know. However you can call me Asuna from now on."

"Then you can call me Setsuna. I also have a lot to talk to you about, please come to the baths with Konoka-ojou-sama after this."

"I can do that." Any further conversation was stopped when they heard male voices outside the door. "Shoot its Negi, Gohan and Konoka's dad! Hide!" Asuna whispered. They hid behind a rock near the bath. "And why is it we're hiding again?"

"Old habit," whispered Setsuna.

"Ah thank you two for protecting my little girl," Eishun stated as the trio got into the bath. "I hope my men didn't cause you much trouble."

"It was no biggie, Konoe-dono. They are just misguided that's all," Gohan answered. "However, they were strong enough to make me realize that I need to train some more." Asuna and Setsuna both sweat dropped at the same time. Aren't you strong enough already?

"I agree with Gohan-san. They have showed me I am still lacking, but I will train to get stronger," Negi replied.

"A long time ago there were a lot of people who did not like the east. Fortunately the only ones left active are few in numbers. So please leave the rest to us. Unfortunately we are low on manpower right now, most of our agents are spread out throughout Western Japan. They will be back tomorrow."

"That's great news!" Negi shouted. "But what about that monkey lady?"

"You mean Chigusa Amagasaki. She seems to have a grudge against European mages."

"Why is she after Konoka-san then?" Gohan asked.

"She wants a trump card."

"A trump card?" Gohan and Negi asked in unision.

"Yes… I think you two have realized it by now. As a member of the Konoe bloodline, Konoka inherited a great deal of magic. The ability to control that magic is somewhere in her lying dormant. That power can surpass even your father, Negi, the Thousand Master. In other words Konoka is a mage with unimaginable powers. If that power is somehow controlled it will only be a matter of days until someone takes over the west or destroys the east. That is why we sent her to Mahora to keep her protected. We even kept it secret from her as well." Gohan nodded in understanding. It was the only real option of saving everyone and he accepted it.

"Konoe-dono, what do you know about Fate Averruncus?" Gohan asked.

"I am sorry Son-sama. I'm not entire sure who that is. All I know that he is a hired mercenary working for Chigusa. Why do you ask?" Eishun asked.

"I'm curious, that's all," Gohan said with a fake smile. He didn't want to get Negi worried about a threat that they know nothing about. However, after this bath, he was going to meditate a bit and try to figure out about those two other boys, Red and Blue.

"By the way what do you know about the Thousand Master?" Negi asked.

"Your father? Well you see, that idiot Nagi Springfield and I were inseparable friends," Eishun said doing the nice guy pose. The three heard the voices of the other girls coming closer. "Oh dear. The ladies are coming."

"What should we do then?" Gohan asked. He definitely didn't want to have the girls maul him.

"I think we should just leave using the back exit," Eishun suggested.

"Agreed." Gohan was already up and running with Negi and Eishun behind him. Not looking where he was going Gohan bumped into Asuna who was hiding behind the wall and landed on top of her. His right hand on her left breast. "Ah? A-A-Asuna-san?"

The doors then opened to the sight of Gohan still atop Asuna. Which then lead to many screams in the night, most of which went from accusations for being a pervert to some from Gohan being beaten to near death. Gohan was thankful that none of them had the legendary frying pan of death that Chi-Chi had.



* * *



Author's note: Another chapter completed! Yay! Hope you guys like my original characters. I thought of it when I was watching a particular anime series. I will give you a hint: It has two words with the first word starting with the letter G. Kudos to anyone who thinks they know what show I am talking about. (If you are able to figure it out, I will give a preview of an upcoming chapter that I am currently writing). And kudos to anyone who knows what character Gohan is trying to protray.

Some people have asked me about putting some soundtracks to go along with certain scenes. At first I thought about putting it in, but after much thinking, I decided not to do it. It was primarily because it interrupts the flow of the story. I've seen it before and read fics that have done that, and not that I don't like the stories that do it (some of them are good), I just kind of find it annoying that's all. I want you, the reader, to decide on which soundtrack you should listen too. All I can tell you is that when I am writing certain scenes, I have DBZ music playing the background. I listen to the original soundtrack, not the Bruce Falconer stuff. You can easily download the DBZ BGM online. It is pretty easy to find. Be sure to look under the artist Shunsuke Kikuchi.

Anyways, as promised, here is a glossary for attacks:

JAN-KEN: It is basically the Japanese equivalent of Rock-Paper-Scissors. GU is rock, CHYOKI is scissors and PA is paper. This is a dead giveaway for the character that Gohan is trying to portray.

TAIYO-KEN: It is the japanese equivalent to the Solar Flare attack from the american dub.

RO KAIOSHIN: It is the japanese equivalent to the Elder Supreme Kai name from the american dub.



A reminder again for those who are reading the this chapter first instead of reading the story in progression, read the bottom of chapter four for details on Gohan's transformation. I don't want to keep writing it in every single chapter. Thank you!

Oh and keep the reviews coming! I am really enjoy reading them! See you next week! Peace!





*Chapter 9*: Avenge the Fallen, Son Gohan!


			Disclaimer: See Chapter 1 and chapter 8 for details.

Author's note: Hey everybody! Hope everyone had a good week! I noticed that I write a lot in the author's note section so I apologize if I sometimes go on a tandem, tangent or whatever. I just like writing. Just as simple as that. But I will try to cut down on that, except when I need to.

Congrats to RyumaOmega for figuring out on what show I was referring to with Red and Blue. For those who don't know, does Gundam Wing ring any bells? And congrats to everyone else for figuring out who Gohan was trying to potray.

Oh yeah, by the way, I won't be able to post any more pictures on devianart. Apparently because my works are not "original" enough, I can't post them on the site. I have already gotten a comment from this guy called KyuubifiedHokage or something like that who told me about me. I noticed however that I am not the only one he has done this to, but whatever, I am not going to hold a grudge against him. So now I changed to photoshop. I'll post the link on my profile page. I will keep posting pictures and reminding you about them. Also you guys are more than welcomed to do drawings for this fanfiction. I welcome all submitted art whether it be drawing, photoshop, etc.

So anyways...I want to thank you everyone for their reviews. Some of your suggestions have been considered in the planning of future chapters and I will let you know if I am thinking of using them. Also, I encourage everyone to leave at least a few reviews. I want to say thank you to naidoka1992 for beta-reading this chapter. So, without further adieu (I think that's how its spelled) I present to you chapter 9 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 9: Avenge the Fallen, Son Gohan! Countdown to the Summoning!

A top a tree overlooking the Kansai Magic Association headquarters, Chigusa and Fate stood on a branch, watching the mansion. "Hey new kid, you said not to follow them and now look what happened. They reached the place and already gave the letter!" Chigusa barked.

"It is alright. Just leave the work to me," Fate requested calmly before jumping down from the canopy and away from her sight.



* * *



Meanwhile, near a waterfall…

Gohan was mediating. His eyes were closed as he had shut down everything that was around him. He concentrated on what happened during the last battle. Mostly, he focused on the two young boys that Fate had brought along, Red and Blue. Those two were very strong, Gohan thought to himself as he replayed the battle in his head. I noticed that when I was fighting that red haired boy, his attacks were enhanced with ki, just like me. So that means he is a fighter. That much I understood but what is worrisome is that blue haired boy. It seems like he is more suited for long range attacks rather than close quarter fighting like the red haired boy is. If I get close to him though, the other boy will intervene. Also, the blue haired boy seems to have copied the long range attacks of the people that I have encountered so far. But something was different about the attacks. It seemed like he…

Before Gohan could finish his thoughts, he felt many ki signatures fading. He opened his eyes. "What is going on?" He looked at where the mansion was. "Many ki signatures are fading but why?" Then he realized something as his eyes turned wide-eyed. "Oh no! Everyone is in danger! I gotta get there quickly." He stood up and immediately had a white aura around him as he flew into the sky, speeding quickly towards the mansion. Something bad was going on.



* * *



Back at the mansion…

"Wow it is really beautiful here Konoka," Asuna said looking at the blossomed cherry blossom trees.

"Yeah, they are always in bloom here for some reason," Konoka explained.

I still can't believe Konoka is a mage, Asuna thought. And Konoka's dad is a friend of the Thousand Master Negi is looking for. Come to think of it the headmaster knew Negi was a mage when he came to school. That and Konoka is his granddaughter so it should make sense… "Why didn't I see it before?"

"Did you say something Asuna?"

"N-nothing."

"You're weird you Asuna," Konoka joked. "I wonder what Se-chan wants to talk about?"

"I do too…" Asuna was not looking where she was going and hit her head on something hard. When they turned their gaze to the object they saw it was a stone arm coming out of the servants quarters. Inside where many statues that looked eerily like the maids panicking. "W-what is this?"

"Were these here before?"



* * *



"I'm glad that Konoka's father is friends with the Thousand Master. I mean he promised to take me to his home here in Kyoto tomorrow," Negi said to his ermine friend.

"That's right we gave him the letter and finished all our objectives here!" Chamo exclaimed. They continued to walk throughout the mansion, but stopped when they heard a scream.

"What was that?" Negi shouted.

"I think it came from the girl's room!" Negi ran to the girls room and slammed the sliding door open. The site he came to were the girls standing in place. "Huh? What are you all doing? You seem so stiff. Is this a new game that you play with the lights off?"

"Aniki they're not playing!" Chamo shouted worried he got on top of one of the girls head and showed that they did not react. "They've been petrified!"

"Nodoka-san! Asakura-san!" Negi shouted with some tears.

"Aniki this isn't time to be crying. We have to see if anyone else is in trouble; the enemy might still be here!"

"That's right. Where is Asuna-san?" Negi bust out of the room looking for her. Negi ran around the mansion shouting out her name without getting a response. Please don't let her be petrified too. "That's right I'll use the card." 'Asuna-san! Asuna-san!'



* * *



Asuna's head snapped up hearing Negi's voice. "Negi? Where are you?" she looked around seeing he wasn't there. "Oh I know!" Asuna took out her pactio and put it on her head. "Negi are you okay? I'm with Konoka right now."

"Thank goodness."

"Negi what's happening?"

'Protect Konoka-san. The enemy is at headquarters!'

"What? I thought we cleared everything up!"

'They are still after Konoka-san. Let's meet back at the baths from before.'

"Asuna did something happen?" Konoka asked worriedly.

"Konoka listen to me. Bad people are coming for you. That is why we need to escape right now," Asuna explained.

"B-bad people. Like the ones from Cinema Town?"

"That's right, but don't worry. I'll protect you." Asuna pulled out her pactio, "Adeat!" summoning her giant paper fan.



* * *



"Staff!" Negi shouted summoning his staff from its location. He was running down the halls swiftly, trying to reach the baths.

"Aniki, you need to calm down! If they are using petrification, they aren't aiming to hurt anyone," Chamo said, trying to stay on Negi's shoulders.

"Hai, I know that…" Negi came to a halt and put his staff up to attack at the incoming person at the end of the corner. He was met with the tip of a blade at his throat. His eyes widened seeing that it was Setsuna. "Setsuna-san you are alright? I was just talking to Asuna and and…"

"What happened Negi-sensei? I felt a terrible presence and came outside. Is ojou-sama alright?" Setsuna asked.

"I-I don't know…"

"Negi-kun, Setsuna-kun…" the voice of the chief came from behind both of them. They whipped around, eyes widening at the site. The chief was behind them, half petrified from the waist down. "I'm…I'm so sorry. I became overly too dependent on the barrier protecting the building…Because it's always been so peaceful I was caught off guard. For me as a sworn friend of the Thousand Master this is pathetic…" by now the petrification had reached his shoulders. "Negi-kun listen to me. I'm sure Son-sama noticed this too, but that boy with the white hair…his power is on a totally different level compared to the others. No ordinary charm user would be able to get past the barrier…" the petrification had hold of the back of his head. "Negi-kun, Setsuna-kun, I know this is going to be hard on you…but tell the headmaster I am sorry. And please protect Konoka." With that last sentence Eishun was nothing more than a statue.

"Chief!" Negi shouted. A few moments of silence passed by before Negi spoke. "Setsuna-san…"

"Hai Negi-sensei, let's go."



* * *



Meanwhile…

Yue was running through the forest with haste. 'What the heck is going on here? Is this for real! It was only a few minutes ago when we were all playing cards when…'

Flashback

Haruna, Nodoka, Yue and Kazumi were in the room playing cards when they heard a knock on the door. "I'll get it!" Haruna volunteered. She slid opened the door to be met with a white haired boy. "Ara? Who are you? Are you part of the mansion?" The boy spoke some words that she couldn't comprehend, then dusted filled the room causing Haruna to cough. When her fit was over she became stone.

"Paru!" Nodoka shouted. She was in the midst of drawing her card.

"You have a very dangerous artifact…" the boy said. "I'm going to put you to sleep." Kazumi's eyes widened then pushed Yue out the door.

"Yue-chi. Go get help!" Kazumi whispered.

"But-"

"Go!"

End of flashback

"Even if I did, there is no policeman in Japan that will investigate some this supernatural…" she spoke to herself. 'But those two,' two silhouettes filled Yue's mind. 'Even if this is a dream… I can contact them.'Yue got on her phone and dialed a number.



* * *



Back at the hotel…

Kaede's phone went off. "Nagase-san here de gozaru. Baka leader? What's wrong Yue-dono? You have to calm down-de gozaru! Uh huh. Uh hmm. In the mountains you say? So basically you're saying that you need help… right leader, de gozaru?" Kaede finished with a smirk.

"What's wrong Kaede…" Mana asked.

"Ku Fei, Mana, we have a job to do de gozaru," Kaede smiled walking out the door.



* * *



At Mahora Academy…

Two people were playing a game of go. It was the headmaster, Konoe Konoemon who was at one side of the table. The other player did a move. Konoemon was stroking his beard in thought. "D-" the headmaster tried to stall.

"No do-overs!" shouted the other player. This was Evangeline, resident vampire of Mahora Academy. She was short by a lot of standards. If one were to guess how old she was just by her height they would guess she was around ten years old. On her body was a school uniform with a white button up shirt/blouse, red vest and red and black stockings. She had long blond hair and green eyes. Her face was set in a nasty scowl at the moment as she sent a very cold glare at the Headmaster of the school.

"Like it would kill you," said the headmaster as his cell phone started to ring. He opened the flip phone. "Speak." Konoemon started to nod as he heard the voice from the other line. "Well, if it isn't Negi-kun! Did you deliver the letter?...Well done, m'boy, well…What?" Konoemon turned wide-eyed as he heard Negi explain what had happened at HQ. "What's that you say? The head of the temple of the west? Go on…uh-huh, uh-huh. Not the Elder too? This is serious stuff!"

Evangeline perked her eyes a bit as she tried to catch some bits of the conversation that the headmaster was having with the young magi. "Help, huh? With Takamichi overseas, I'm just not sure there's anyone else I could think of. What about Gohan-kun?" Konoemon nodded as he heard Negi explain more over the phone. While Negi was explaining he looked over to Evangeline and came up with an idea. "I see. Well, I'm sure he will be able to help out. Besides I know exactly who to send for back up."



* * *



Back at the Kansai HQ…

Negi and Setsuna were rushing through the halls of the mansion towards the bath house. Because of me Paru-san, Nodoka-san, Asakura-san and the chief were all turned to stone. I'm sorry but I'll definitely turn you back afterwards, I promise. Asuna-san, Konoka-san, be safe. Gohan-san where ever you are please hurry back. We need all the help we can get.



* * *



Inside the baths Konoka and Asuna waited for their friends. "Looks like Negi isn't here yet." Asuna stated.

"Se-chan is missing too," Konoka said.

"Stay behind me okay."

"Hai…" the pair never noticed the white haired boy, Fate, coming out of the ground behind them. He was right behind him using water to attack. At the last moment Asuna turned around and hit Fate on the head with her giant fan, going straight into a defensive stance.

"Amazing. You react like a seasoned warrior," Fate complimented Asuna. "However you aren't worthy to protect the princess. It's time for you to go to sleep too." He snapped his fingers engulfing Asuna in smoke. Cracking was heard, then shattering. He was surprised to see that Asuna had not turned to stone, and only that her clothes were affected, stripping her bare.

"Kyaa! What happened?" she shouted trying her best to cover herself.

"Asuna!" Konoka attempted to reach her friend. But another one of the archer demons appeared and grabbed her from behind.

"I'll be taking the princess now."

"Wait! I won't let you take Konoka!" Asuna roared, though blushing because of her indecent site. She was still on the ground with her fan in hand. Her free hand were used to cover her breasts.

"Go" Fate commanded. As his wishes the demon jumped off with Konoka. He then took out a charm and chanted something not untreatable to Asuna. The charm disappeared and behind him hands made of water appeared. "Water spirits. Do my bidding." The watery hands grabbed Asuna and began to tickle her mercilessly.

"Hahahaha, Why am I the only one who *haha* gets these weird attacks?" Asuna asked while being "tortured".

"So that is what the spell does…" Fate commented while looking inside a book. "Though I didn't mean to take of her clothes… You resisted my petrification. Or rather it had no effect on you. I know it had nothing to do with your artifact, so how did you do it?"

"I *hahaha* have no idea what you are *hahaha* talking about you pervert!"

"Fine, you can just laugh until you die…" Fate said snapping his fingers. But before he could do anything more, Fate felt a punch right across his face as he was sent flying across the room, crashing into one of the walls.

Asuna then noticed the water hands disappeared. She looked up and saw Gohan standing before her. "G-Gohan," she muttered before she tried to cover herself to hide her shame of being naked. Suddenly, she felt a towel drape on top of her.

"Are you alright Asuna-san?" Gohan asked with a serious tone. Asuna was unresponsive for a while due to Gohan's aura being so mesmerizing. "Asuna-san?"

Asuna snapped back into reality. "Y-Y-Yes, I-I'm fine Gohan," she stuttered with a slight hint of a blush.

"Good," Gohan said as the air around picked up and started to swirl. He then immediately transformed into a Super Saiyan with his blazing golden aura surrounding him. He looked at the spot where he sent Fate to but felt that Fate was hiding somewhere else. Fate is too strong for such an attack, Gohan thought to himself. Where is he? Then immediately he felt a hit on his head. He turned around to see that it was Asuna who gave him the hit. "What was that for Asuna-san?"

Asuna started to tremble with embarrassment for the incoming question, "D-D-Did you see anything?" She wanted to know if he had seen her naked body like earlier that evening.

Gohan blinked a couple of times. "See what?" Gohan asked with a deadpanned face, unsure to what she was referring to. "Was there something that I was supposed to see?"

"Baka," she muttered.

Suddenly, Setsuna and Negi entered the bath and found Asuna with a towel wrapped around her and Gohan standing in front of her, transformed into a Super Saiyan. "Asuna-san!" Setsuna ran up to her. "Asuna-are you okay? What did they do to you?" Setsuna asked. "Don't tell me they…did some perverted to you?" Setsuna blushed as she asked.

"Ehh!" Negi shouted.

"No they didn't! Well kind of!" Asuna shouted. "Setsuna-san…I'm sorry, they took Konoka."

"Don't worry about that Asuna-san," Setsuna reassured.

"Be careful you guys," Gohan said. "He might still be around." Asuna's eyes widened as she saw the white haired boy materialize behind the two. Gohan then realized at the last second where Fate had appeared but he was too late to stop Fate's attack. Fate went to punch Setsuna with his left, but she parried it. However it was just a feint to his real attack, which he went in for a punch with his right. The force of the punch made Setsuna skid off the floor, bouncing into the wall, then smash into the wall far away from group. She even coughed up some blood.

"Setsuna-san!" Negi and Gohan screamed. Negi looked at the boy and took a fighting position. The chief told me to watch out for this boy. The one with white hair. Gohan then stepped in front of Negi. "Gohan-san?"

"Fate," Gohan said with some killing intent behind his tone of voice. "You did this didn't you?"

"And what if I did Gold Fighter-kun? What can you do to stop me? Didn't you say that you could fight with your full power if they were no casualties? I really am curious about your 'hidden' abilities if you really do have them."

Gohan clenched his teeth and fists in rage. His aura expanded even more, creating more swirls of air around the room. "You turned everyone in the mansion to stone, you kidnapped Konoka-san, you hit Setsuna-san and did perverted things to Asuna-san. As a teacher and as a friend, I won't forgive you!"

"Neither will I!" Negi yelled. Gohan was about to stop him from entering the fight, but decided not to. After all, this was a fight to protect their friends.

"And what are you going to do, Negi Springfield? Try and defeat me. You're better off not even attempting it. In fact I'd rather fight the Gold Fighter, when he goes all out if he actually does have some power hidden away. Besides you're two no match for me right now." Fate shook his head and disappeared using a puddle of water. "I will be waiting for your arrival Gold Fighter-kun."

Negi frowned and turned serious. He looked back at Asuna and said, "Please wait here, Asuna-san. I will go retrieve Konoka-san."

"You won't have to do that," Gohan said. "You are going to need everyone's help, including mine. However, I can't go with you right now."

"Why? Aren't you going to come with us Gohan-san?" Negi asked.

"No," replied Gohan as his eyes were looking at somewhere else. "You guys will go after Konoka-san while I'm going to handle some loose ends here and then catch up with you all."

"Are you sure Gohan-sensei?" Gohan saw her wince in pain.

"You okay Setsuna-san?" Gohan went to her. He touched her side and noticed that it was bruised. "Negi-san, can you heal small wounds?"

"Hai Gohan-san."

"Good heal, her right now. Asuna-san, get some clothes and follow them, they are going to need it, especially if you are going to fight against someone like Fate," Gohan ordered.

"Yeah, that's right," Chamo said. "Remember what else the Elder said! That punk is powerful. To just go rushing in would be…" Then Chamo received a stroke of genius lightning (figuratively speaking). "Yes! That's it!"

"What Chamo-san? What is it?" Gohan asked, curious to what kind of plan Chamo had in mind.

"Well, you do like Negi-aniki, don't you, Setsuna-nee-san?" Chamo asked.

"Huh?" responded everyone present in the room.

"W-What's that got to do with anything?" Setsuna asked with a blush.

"It's like this, see…you plant a big wet one on Negi-aniki, see?" Chamo said, simulating a kiss. Gohan and Asuna both face faulted at Chamo's comment.

"What the hell Chamo-san?" Gohan said with a blush. "This is no time to be joking around! Konoka-san is in danger!"

"That's right you pervert ermine!" Asuna yelled.

"Hear me you two," Chamo pleaded. "I mean of course, the pactio, the pactio!"

"Oh," Asuna responded. Gohan blinked a few times. Do you mean that to get a pactio…you have to kiss?

"Setsuna-nee-san can already use ki, right? Put Aniki's magical power atop that, and we're talking super-duper power boost! Just like Gohan-nii-san's transformation."

"But kissing is serious stuff!" Gohan exclaimed with a hint of a blush.

"G-Gohan-san's right, Chamo-kun," Negi said.

"I must think of Ojou-sama, I must!" Setsuna muttered with a blush.

"Aw, c'mon! What's so hard about a kiss? Just a…" Chamo was about to simulate a kissing sound before he was smashed up against the wall by Asuna. "Okay," he muttered, "you win."

"All that aside, Negi-sensei, we should get going!" Setsuna said. Negi nodded in agreement with Asuna agreeing as well. Asuna then turned her head to Gohan.

"You promise to catch up with us Gohan?" Asuna asked.

"Of course, now get going. I just need to do something here," Gohan said. The three nodded then left the room. Asuna shot him one last glance before she ran off to get clothes. Gohan then stood there, waiting for a bit as he heard noise coming from behind the door. "You guys can come out now. I know Fate let some of his lackeys behind to try and slow me down."

"Heh," a large demon said as he burst through the door, revealing a hoard of demons behind him. "Fate-sama did say something about a powerful fighter. But all we see is a kid who just dyed his hair blond. Nothing so special."

Gohan smirked. "Really? Well, I am sure that Fate has already told you this before but I want to give you a piece of advice: You shouldn't underestimate your opponents."

"You shouldn't underestimate us you punk!" yelled one of the larger demons. He brought down his large fist to smash Gohan but before he could do hit anything, he felt a gaping hole in his chest. He looked down and saw that it was Gohan who had punched right through his stomach. "I-I-Impossible," he muttered before landing on the ground with a thud.

Some of the demons shrieked with fear at Gohan's display. "I will only say this to you guys once. Surrender right now and I promise I won't hurt any of you."

The demons turned angry. They had taken Gohan's comment as an insult. "Showing mercy to us? You should be the one to surrender you little punk," yelled one of the demons. "Let's kill the bastard!" The demons agreed with him and went towards Gohan's position.

"Well, I gave them a warning didn't I?" Gohan muttered as he got into his fighting stance. I've got to finish this fight quickly so I can catch up to Negi-san and the others. Hopefully, they will be ok. Gohan then charged at the demons, ready to fight them off.



* * *



Meanwhile…

"Sneaking out at night during a school trip is the best-aru!" Ku Fei shouted as she, Kaede and Mana were on a train towards the mountains.

"We're not here to play around…" Kaede told the girl. We're up against professionals. I wonder how Negi-bouzu is doing. Gohan-kun can easily take care of himself but the others…



* * *



Far from the Mansion…

"Woah! You actually did it new guy!" Chigusa exclaimed, surprised to see Konoka tied up. "How'd you get passed the barrier? We should have just left it to you from the start. Did you have trouble with the Gold Fighter?" Chigusa asked.

"No, I pretty sure that he is being delayed by my servants," Fate replied.

Chigusa let out a smirk. "Good. And now that we have Ojou-sama, we just have to take her there and we've won."

"MNNN" Konoka struggled. Her voice was cut off by the duct tape on her mouth.

"Don't worry ojou-sama we won't hurt you. Now onto the alter!"

"Wait!" a voice cried out. "Stop right there and give us back ojou-sama!" Setsuna demanded, behind her were Negi and Asuna at the ready.

"Hmm you brats again…" she said idly.

"Amagasaki Chigusa! Reinforcements are arriving tomorrow to arrest you. Surrender now and give back ojou-sama!" yelled Setsuna as she drew her sword with Negi and Asuna getting into their fighting positions.

Chigusa smiled, which turned into a snicker finally becoming full blown laughter. "It doesn't matter how much reinforcements you bring with you. As long as I can reach that place it is all over. Anyhow, let me show you some of ojou-sama's powers. You'll wish you were still back at headquarters cowering in fear." Chigusa took a seal and placed it on Konoka. The ground lit up as various circles of light appeared. She chanted something and from the circles came out many different monsters.

"Just a minute here! Why are there so many of them?" Asuna shouted.

"That lady is just grabbing whatever she can by using Konoka-nee-san's power," Chamo explained.

"Th-there are over a hundred of them…" Negi counted.

"You guys can play with these demons for a while," Chigusa said. "Try not to worry so much. Since you guys are brats, I've been told to not kill you. Well bye!" she and the monkey holding Konoka jumped off.

"What? After being summoned from a long time, we are here to fight kids?" the demon who the group took as their spokesperson. "Well sorry little boys and girls, we that are summoned cannot show mercy. Please do not hold it against us." Asuna was shaking in fear.

"Setsuna-san…"

"Calm down Asuna-san!" Behind them Negi was chanting a spell. When he was done chanting he put his hand into the air and a tornado surrounded the three.

"What's going on?" Asuna asked.

"This is a barrier of wind. It will only last about 3 minutes," Negi told them. "We have to use this time to come up with a plan. What are we going to do it is pretty bad."

"We've got no choice, we need to split up…" Setsuna stated calmly. "I will stay here and wait for Gohan-sensei and hold of the demons. You two can go and use that time to catch up to Konoka-ojou-sama."

"But…"

"Don't worry about it. Exterminating demons is our business anyways."

"If you are staying I'm staying too. I just can't leave her here!" Asuna shouted.

"That's a good idea. With your weapon we can banish the demons with a brush of her fan," Chamo explained. "This is our best chance."

"I see," Setsuna murmured.

"Aniki? If you gave ane-san all your magic and put everything as minimal as possible how long can you hold it up for?"

"5...no 10...no I can go for 15 minutes."

"15 minutes huh? It's not long but we don't have a choice. We have to avoid the white haired kid, and get Konoka as fast as we can. Since aniki will be alone he can fly with his staff. Ane-san and Setsuna-nee-san will stay here and hold off the demons, hopefully Gohan-nii-san will be here soon to help out. Aniki will break out and grab Konoka. After that we fight our way back to headquarters and hold out for reinforcements."

"Is that really going to work?" Asuna asked doubtful of the plan.

"You got anything better?"

"Well, I mean Gohan said that he had another level of his Super Sawhatyoumuchcallit. Shouldn't we wait for him?" Asuna asked.

Setsuna pondered for a bit until finally…"I understand. Let's do this Asuna-san," Setsuna said.

"Alright, now we just have to get that over and done with."

"That?" Asuna questioned.

"Yes! The Pactio Kiss! Those two make a pactio! This is an emergency and we need more cards…"

"Ok…" the two participants said in unison. "So, Negi-sensei…this is it."

"I, uh, guess it is."

"W-Well, h-here goes…"

"O-Okay…" the two kissed and a card was formed.

"Negi-sensei, leave Asuna-san to me. I'll take care of her. Sensei, please bring back ojou-sama…" Setsuna as she held Negi's face alongside her hand.

"Will do," responded the young magi.

"Stop staring at each other and get ready!" Asuna yelled.

"The wind is dying down. They are finally coming out," the head demon said. As the wind died down they saw Negi with an open palm facing them.

"Jovis Tempestas Fulguriens!" the lightning bolt blasted out of the tornado destroying some demons with it. When the smoke cleared Negi flew out of the place with his staff.

"Damn he got away. He was a western mage huh. I guess they were nothing to laugh about after all," the demon told the others. "huh?"

"We'll be okay as long as we fight calmly with my sword and your fan, we've got more combat power in on our side than they do,' Setsuna told Asuna. "Just pretend they are just street punks from around school.

"Was that meant to be comforting in any sort of way?" Asuna asked jokingly.

"My my, what brave girls you are," the demon spoke.

"I guess we have no choice. LET'S EXTERMINATE THEM!"



* * *



At the ritual spot…

"See that big rock over there? Rumor has it that there was a dangerous demon sealed in there, and that no one has been able to summon it before. They said that 18 years ago the chief and the Thousand Master put him in there to stop his rampaging." Chigusa recounted the story. "But with ojou-sama's power we can undo that. If the summoning is successful then there will be no amount of reinforcements that can help them." She walked up to Konoka who was on an altar. "Please forgive me for being so rough ojou-sama. But don't worry, this won't hurt a bit, in fact you might actually find it enjoyable." Konoka's power was being forced out of her body into a white light. "God that dwells in the heavenly plains! God who is the source of everything! God who gave life! Gather 80,000,000 gods of the heavenly city! Congregate unto me!"



* * *



Asuna dodged an attack from a big monster by diving to the left. She smacked it across the chest with her fan. "That was the 10th one. I must be stronger than I thought…" she ran to another one and hit it across the head. She flipped over it then swung at three more. She did an upward slash at a fourth one and they all vanished.

"That little girl!" a demon shouted. "Get her!" as the two charged forward Setsuna appeared poised to attack.

"Shinmei-Ryuu secret technique: Hyakuretsu Okazan!" she spun in a circle destroying most of the demons around them. The two stood back to back breathing deeply.

"You know Setsuna-san we make a pretty good team," Asuna smirked. "Teach me some kendo when we get back to school."

"Um…alright but I'm still in training myself."

"Impossible they took out half of a 150 strong arm within 3 minutes!" a bird demon shouted.

"The Shinmei-Ryuu are our natural enemies, but that damned fan is just plain unfair!" an armored demon shouted.

"Hah! I like energetic girls!" the head demon spoke. "However, is it really fashionable to be wearing no underwear?" This caused Asuna to blush and try to cover up her bottom using her skirt. Asuna began to run around in a circle shouting things about perverted comments only being attributed to her.



* * *



"Aniki! Over there!" Chamo shouted. He then felt a chill go down his spine. "M-magic this strong…aniki they are doing a summoning spell! They are going to summon something huge! Hurry before it's too late!"

"I see Konoka-san" Negi said. I can do this, there is still more time. Negi then felt a magical presence behind him. He turned his head around and saw dogs made of darkness appear. "Inugami!" he didn't have time to think about it as he was struck down by the dogs. He barely righted himself as he landed on the floor using wind magic.

"Yo Negi! This is great. I never would have thought a rematch between us could occur so soon. You aren't getting through here Negi!" Kotarou proclaimed.

"Kotarou-kun!"



* * *



At the battlefield…

"There's less than half of them left!" Asuna shouted. "Once Negi brings back Konoka we can…" she was interrupted when a crow demon attacked her. He had a sword and swung it forcing Asuna to block. He went for a slash on the right but once again she blocked.

"Asuna!" Setsuna shouted. She too was forced to block as a female kitsune demon attacked with a pair of tonfas.

"You're not bad little girl," the crow demon said to Asuna. "But I'm different from the ones you've face before!" he used his handle to force Asuna's fan upward. He then did a combo slashing at Asuna all over her body. She fell into the water cuts covering her body.

"Tch… that hurt," Asuna said.

"Asuna!"

"I'm alright… Negi's magic protected me," Asuna told Setsuna. Setsuna was about to help her when a giant club came down on her.

"Girl from Shinmei-Ryuu you are to fight us!" the kitsune demon said atop the head demon.



* * *



Back at the altar…

"Thousand wavering sprits! Guardian of ten thousand worlds! Without delay unto the heart of the deepest lands forge a path unto the surface!" Chigusa still chanted. "By the power of the emperor himself! Fujiwarono Asmoi Konoe Konoka, burn and boil over! Live o spirit! Dance o spirit! Become as the spirit of the gods!" a giant pillar of light slammed into the boulder in front of her.

Chigusa smiled as the ritual had begun and her plan has finally come into fruition. Fate meanwhile watched with a passive face. However, he felt a presence in the air. He turned his head and frowned his eyebrows. "So you finally made it, Gold Fighter-kun."



* * *



At the same time…

Setsuna watched in horror as the light appeared. "Looks like our client Chigusa's plans are going well," Tsukuyomi said from behind her. "Did that little boy fail to make it on time? Well that has nothing to do with me, right Setsuna-senpai?"

"Tsukuyomi!" at that moment Asuna was caught by the crow demon and was being held up by her arm.

"Damn it let me go!" Asuna kicked the demon in the chest.

"Without your fan you are nothing but a normal girl. You did well though," the demon complimented her. "Now then warrior of Shinmei-Ryuu, it seems like we are at a stalemate." This is bad. This is really really bad!

Suddenly a beam of light came crashing down, picking up a swirl of dust in the middle of the battlefield. Everyone stopped and turned around to look at the spot. What they saw was a figure, wearing a green tunic over a black body suit. He had white boots and white gloves. But what caught everyone's interest was the golden hair that the figure had and the blazing golden aura that surrounded him. Asuna and Setsuna immediately recognized who it was. "Gohan/Sensei!"

Gohan let out his Son grin. "Sorry that I am late you guys. I was held up at the mansion."

Setsuna wondered what could have made Gohan taken so long to get here. She then noticed a scratch mark on Gohan's face. "Gohan-sensei, are you al…"

"Don't worry about it Setsuna-san," interrupted Gohan. "I am okay if that answers your question. But first we have to deal with them before we can do anything."

"Aren't you going to help Negi?" Asuna asked.

Gohan's face turned serious. "It seems that I can't Asuna-san. I have some unfinished business with some friends of mine."

"Why? What kind of unfinished business?"

"Because I brought some of Fate-sama's friends," Tsukuyomi responded with a devilish smile as Red and Blue appeared right next to her. "They have been dying to play with you Onii-san."

"So have I," Gohan said as he got into his fighting stance. The two boys, Red and Blue walked forward in front of Tsukuyomi, their faces still remaining passive as before. Gohan looked around his surroundings. This is a good area, Gohan thought to himself, however, I need to take this fight elsewhere if I have to fight at full power. Gohan shot up into the air, with Red and Blue in pursuit.

"Now that Onii-san is playing with Fate-sama's friends, why don't we play as well Setsuna-senpai?" Tsukuyomi said with her devilish smile. Setsuna prepared her blades for the battle.

"Hey what about me?" Asuna yelled as Gohan had failed to save Asuna from the clutches of the demon that was currently holding her.

Up in the sky, Gohan stared down at his opponents, Red and Blue as he contemplated his next move. His decision was taken from him when Red went ahead and attacked him straight on with a lightning fast punch. Gohan was able to block and easily counterattacked with a swift roundhouse kick to Red's face. Red was sent flying sideways while Blue got in front of Gohan and launched several ki attacks. Gohan blocked each one of them by sending to the side with a slashing cut of his arm.

While doing that, Gohan began to study Blue's attack. I need him to use larger ki attacks like the Kamehame-Ha wave to prove my hypothesis. After blocking all the attacks, Gohan put his hands in a cupped shape and into his side. "KA…ME…" But before Gohan could finish, Red appeared right in front of him and landed a punch to Gohan's gut. Gohan then spewed out some bile as he overarched as result of the power of the attack. Despite that though, Gohan immediately counterattacked and punched Red in the face, sending flying across the sky.

Red then stopped in mid-air and dashed towards Gohan's position. Right before his eyes, Gohan had disappeared and reappeared in front of Red and punched him in the stomach leaving him breathless. Gohan punched into the air and reappeared behind him to send him another blow, making him tumble down to the ground. Then Gohan sent an energy blast where Red laid to finish it. Or so he had hoped.

Gohan knew it wasn't over yet he looked behind him to see Red reappearing behind him and trying to attack him. Gohan easily dodged the attack but failed to take into account Blue's position when he sent another electrifying attack at Gohan. Gohan was able to deflect it at the last minute, however, Red took the opportunity to land a hurtful blow to Gohan's back, sending flying to the ground and creating a large crater.

Red rejoined with Blue as they both looked down at where Red had sent Gohan flying. Although they didn't have the ability to speak just yet, they had noticed that Gohan had increased his power since the last time they fought. But how was he able to do it they wondered, if they actually had the ability to think for themselves. For right now though, they were mindless killing machines at the service of Fate. Both of them charged up some of their power in order to compensate the difference between Gohan and them. They surrounded by blue energy that started to crackle around them.

Down on the ground, Gohan pushed away some of the rubble. He then noticed a tug in the air. He looked up and saw the two boys charging up. "It seems like they noticed my increase in power. Looks like that I wasn't the only one to hold back," Gohan said as he brought forth his golden aura again. He then shot himself up into the air. He got into the same level as the two boys.

Gohan then put himself in a fighting stance. The boys did the same. Gohan growled loudly and rocketed forward towards the two. Red intercepted the attack first while Blue flew backwards to get some distance from Gohan. Gohan, meanwhile, was shooting his fists at Red. Punching, kicking and blocking. Gohan even sent blasts at Red. But somehow his attacks were always being deflected. Gohan realized that it was Blue who was deflecting the blasts, not Red. Interesting, so it seems that the blue haired boy is the only one who can do Ki blasts while the red haired boy can't, the scholar in training explained to himself. While Gohan was pondering, he had failed to notice where Red was as he came behind Gohan. He sent a powerful punch right into Gohan's chest, sending him flying right into the nearby mountain. The mountain top was almost destroyed due to the force behind the punch.

Red stared at the spot where he had sent the young demi-saiyan. He was about to head back to Fate with Blue, only to receive a nice punch right into his face by Gohan. Gohan let out a battle cry and sent a kick right into the red haired boy's side, sending him down to the ground.

Blue took this chance to attack Gohan again, this time using another of Negi's attacks hoping to catch Gohan off guard. He wasn't able to. Gohan had prepared himself. He replayed the battle that he had fought with Negi and also based on what Nodoka had told him about the fight earlier today. So this time, he dodged some of the attack while at the same time deflecting them back at Blue. Blue, due to his inexperience, was unable to stop the attacks as he hit spot on. An explosion occurred. However, Gohan knew it wasn't over. He needed to finish this quickly but at the same time, he was worried about collateral damage that he could cause to his friends.

He put up his guard, thinking that Blue might counter attack with a powerful ki blast. And he did. A powerful blast came ripping through the air hitting the young demi-saiyan and making him fly fifteen yards away. Gohan grunted and was able to stop in mid-air. Once he did however, he had to put his guard up when Red came from the side with a roundhouse kick. Gohan blocked it successfully using his right forearm and pushed off Red.

Red then received a fist right in the face which sent him flying backwards. The Super Saiyan quickly followed, throwing his fists and kicks at him. Red was unable to dodge the attacks as he took them at full force. Gohan was about to give a finishing blow when he was stopped by a large ki beam that hit him on the side.

Gohan was able to move away at the last minute before he could take any more damage. Gohan gritted his teeth as he saw Blue floating before him at a far distance. He decided to take action and charged full speed at Blue, nailing him hard in the chin. But before Gohan could continue his assault, Red came behind, ready to knock Gohan out. Gohan knew the hit was coming and blocked it accordingly. He let out a curse when he noticed Blue moving away from his position. Damn, I missed my opportunity to finish him off. Now he will take his distance to attack from afar.

Red decided to attack Gohan more. Gohan blocked each attack successfully. However, Gohan got hit from behind by one of Blue's ki attacks. He let out a yell of pain as the blast had hit him hard in the back. Gohan clenched his teeth. He felt like this fight was becoming more like the fight against Bojack and his men a few years ago. But this time it was going to be different. Gohan was much older and more skilled than the last time.

Gohan took action as he dashed towards Red's position and give him some fast combinations of punches and kicks. Red, in the nick of time, was able to parry those attacks and give some his own combination attacks towards Gohan. Both of them were locked into a clash of fists and punches. Gohan hoped that Blue would stay out of the clash in fear of hitting RED. That was a big mistake.

Blue pointed his finger at the two and sent a ray at the two, more specifically at Gohan. The ray struck Gohan's shoulder. "Argh!" The Super Saiyan cried out grabbing his shoulder. He was lucky that the ray didn't go through. That attack was like Freeza's death ray but it somehow…Wait that proves it! This exactly proves my hypothesis, but only to a certain degree. I need him to use the Kamehame-Ha wave. However it is too risky right now. It might accidently hurt Asuna-san or Setsuna-san. I can't allow that to happen. That is why I haven't gone to the second level of Super Saiyan. Also, because of the time it takes to charge up the necessary for the ki for the transformation, I highly doubt that those two boys will wait for me to transform.

As Gohan continued to ponder his thoughts, he saw that Blue was charging up for another ki attack, this time a ki ball. However, Gohan felt that this one was going to be a bigger one. This next attack however won't disprove my hypothesis, growled Gohan as he charged his own Ki ball. The two glaring enemies sent their blasts at each other. The blasts collided and sent a very large explosion. Gohan was flung back from the impact as well as Blue. While Gohan was flying in mid-air, Red came up to the side and raised his arms up. "What?" Gohan yelled as Red hit him at his side really hard, sending him flying to the ground with a sickening. As a result, his crash had created another large crater in the ground that came with some smoke.

Red and Blue floated next to each other as they looked down at Gohan's position. The smoke finally cleared and the two noticed that Gohan was nowhere to be found! They looked around, searching for the young demi-sayian. Until finally, Gohan had reappeared behind Blue, without him noticing and hit him hard with an axe kick to the head. Blue flew back and crashed right into a giant tree.

The demi-saiyan then teleported in front of Red and executed a quick elbow strike, but Red blocked it quickly with his two hands, in a cross formation. Both of them proceeded to give a series of various punches, kicks, and techniques to knock themselves down! Each move that one of them delivered, the other had a response to it. As a result, these two fighters were creating heavy sounds and ear-splitting shockwaves.



* * *



Back with Negi…

Negi managed to block claw attack from Kotarou, by using his own hand. They both jumped back away from each other after the move. "It looks like you're finally serious about fighting me Negi!" Kotarou shouted his face full of excitement.

Negi clenched his teeth in frustration. "Please let me through Kotarou-kun!" Negi begged. "I don't have the time to be fighting you right now!"

"Aw come one don't be such a spoilsport!"

"Aniki you can't keep using the contract on yourself for much longer," Chamo whispered. "You're giving all your magic to ane-san too. Sooner or later you are going to run out. Plus look at the pillar in a matter of seconds the spell will be complete."

"I know," Negi whispered back. "Kotarou-kun, why are you helping out the monkey lady? She took my friend and now she's about to do something horrible!"

"I don't even know what she is doing. I just signed up so I can fight you damned European mages!" Kotarou pointed at him. "And it looks like I hit the jackpot because I got to meet you Negi! You are the first person my age who can actually put up a decent fight against me! So now let's keep on fighting!"

"Fight…? Fighting is meaningless. I will fight you as many times you like later!"

"Bull! After this you won't fight seriously anymore. That is why I am fighting you now, when you are serious. You won't get to that spot without defeating me. I won't let you!" Kotarou said confidently. "Besides, look at your friend, the Gold Fighter. He is fighting seriously. That's when people are at their best when fighting."

Negi could only grit his teeth as he pondered on what to do next, while the sounds of the shockwaves continued. In addition to the crunching sound, bright lights that were visible and could blind your eyes due to the tremendous force and strength came out from each shockwave as well! And within those shockwaves were two fighters, Gohan and Red.



* * *



Gohan delivered a devastating straight punch, but Red was able to grasp his attack. Gohan however countered with a high front kick to Red's chin. Gohan then executed two petrifying driver punches, but, unluckily, Red grasped onto his attacks with his both hands. The demi-saiyan then counterattacked with a shocking knee strike to Red's stomach. Gohan tightened his fist and performed a high uppercut to Red's chin, sending him higher in the sky.

Gohan was about to give chase when a ki beam interrupted his flight path. He turned his head and saw it was Blue, who was partially covered with dirt and fallen leaves. Blue shot out more ki attacks with Gohan easily dodging them. Gohan then launched and fired multiples of homing energy blasts at Blue while the blue haired boy blocked it using his hands or deflecting the blasts with other ki blasts of his own.

Once Gohan saw that Blue was parrying away his attacks, he decided to take this opportunity to give a devastating punch to Blue. However, his flight path was interrupted by Red who came in with a powerful knee strike. Gohan blocked it with his right knee and counter attacked with a knee strike as well. Both Red and Gohan executed knee strikes to each other and still kept on going. They broke into forest, partially destroying some of the trees. As soon as they landed on the surface, Red performed several punches to Gohan, but the demi-saiyan parried all of his devastating moves.

Soon, both of these equalized fighters left the surface and Gohan delivered petrifying roundhouse kicks, sidekicks, front kicks, and different kinds of various methods and combinations towards his opponent. While he was executing those moves, Gohan failed to notice a bright light approaching him. He turned his head and saw the large ki beam. At the last second, Gohan put his guard but not before he crashed into a cliff, causing a rockslide.

It would seem for the moment that Gohan had been defeated. However underneath the piles of stones and shattered rocks, Gohan broke through with a loud yell and expansion of his ki. Gohan came out, mostly unscathed but he had a few injuries here and there around his body.

With a burst of speed, Gohan teleported right in front of Blue and delivered a shocking punch to the blue haired boy's face which actually blew him away. Gohan boosted up his speed and performed a head butt into the Blue 's stomach along with a high uppercut on his chin. Gohan was about to perform a punch until Red grasped his attack and readied his own. However, Gohan countered with a knife hand on the red haired boy's neck along with a terrifying roundhouse kick.

As he prepared for his attack against Red, Gohan felt something in the air. He glanced above him and saw Blue lifting up his right hand and gathering a heavy amount of energy. He then fired a huge ki blast at Gohan. It was a wide, enormous light-lilac colored energy blast that was emitting out from Blue's right hand. Gohan was able to block the attack at the last minute as he tried to push it back to its original owner. Blue moved to the side, avoiding the ki blast as flew along the sky.

Gohan dashed forward towards Blue's position, hoping to catch him off guard. However, Red was in close pursuit. Gohan decided to do something differently as he teleported behind his opponent and came with a devastating knife-hand strike to Red's neck sending flying away. He had hoped that was the end of Red as he flew towards Blue, who tried to attack Gohan with another devastating ki blast. Gohan dodged the attack and proceeded to give punches with heavy pain and blows to Blue's face. However, Red grabbed the demi-saiyan's arm and struck a knee strike to Gohan's gut. Gohan spewed some bile as Red prepared for a devastating elbow strike to Gohan's back.

However, Gohan anticipated the attack and phased out. Red proceeded with the attack as he elbow striked nothing but air. Gohan reappeared behind him and delivered an arm strike to his neck, sending Red crashing to the ground.

Gohan landed on the surface, remaining heedful in case Red will quickly get back to his feet and assault. Red was about to stand until Gohan halted him at place, facing his palm right in front of him, "Stay still," gathering an immense amount of energy into his hand. "MASENKO!" Gohan then released an impressive technique known as the Bakuretsu Ranma in which a vivacious energy wave liberated from his arms. Red turned around to see the blast coming at him.

The Bakuretsu Ranma detonated and exploded like a dying star, discharging like space gas and burning flares of stars. Luckily, Red evaded it. He was already up in the skies with a stream of blood from his lips. An unfathomable, streak-like crater was gashed on the ground, emitting clouds of smoke. That was how powerful Gohan's technique was.

Gohan charged up and glowed in a blazing golden aura. The Super Saiyan hurled towards Red who was darting to him as well. When they met, they were locked again in a fierce battle. Red gave a punch yet Gohan disappeared suddenly. He reappeared and gave him a kick, but to only find his opponent right behind him.

Gohan gathered energy and fired multiples of blasts from every direction, trying to hit Red yet the other boy, Blue, had anticipated all the attacks without breaking a sweat. In the end, Gohan collected enough energy and fired, "MASENKO HAAA!"

The Masenko struck Blue yet the blue haired boy had deflected the technique very easily, sending it flying in the skies and giving off little bulbs of energy falling.

He deflected the Masenko so easily, Gohan thought to himself, but I shouldn't give up just yet. That blast wasn't at all very powerful. Even my brother Goten could deflect that attack. Gohan continued to stare down Blue though he had to notice Red coming from behind to attack him once again. Gohan was able to intercept the attack and did his own counter attack. The demi-saiyan and the red haired boy clashed at each other once again. Gohan's aura glowed vividly while Red's speed was remarkable as Blue watched from a far, waiting for his opportunity to strike the killing blow against Son Gohan.



* * *



Meanwhile…

Negi and Kotarou continued to stare down at each other as the sound of the clashes from Gohan's battle were heard. "Aniki don't be sucked in by his challenge. There is a way of this we just got to think of it," Chamo tried to advise his friend.

"If you use your full power, you might be able to beat me and make it in time Negi. You are a man aren't you?" Kotarou taunted him.

"Alright." Negi took Chamo off his shoulder and put him on the floor.

"That's more like it!" Kotarou got prepared to attack. This is bad! Aniki is being led by his stubbornness and childishness. At this rate Konoka-nee-san will be… Did my plan just fail? Chamo shouted mentally. Kotarou and Negi charged each other with a war cry. A giant fuuma got in between them at the last moment stopping them from fighting. A shadowy figure appeared before them and attack Kotarou by put their palm onto his chest and pushing him with a lot of force into a tree. "What was that? A body split attack? An after image? Who are you?" Kotarou shouted. Negi watched as the figure disappear and reappear in the trees holding something.

In the trees was Kaede and in her arms was Yue. "Nagase-san! Yue-san!"

Kaede said as she put down Yue. "I'm disappointed. You are getting hotheaded in an important moment like this. You still need to improve on your concentration-de gozaru, Negi-bouzu."



* * *



Back at the battlefield…

Setsuna was panting as she was surrounded by the last of the demons and Tsukuyomi. Asuna was still being held captive. Setsuna started to think about her next decision when suddenly something came crashing down from the sky. She looked over at the crater and saw that it was Gohan, who was hurt but not too badly. "Gohan-sensei, are you alright?"

"Yeah I am fine," Gohan lied. He was in bad shape but not too badly. However, he needed time to charge up his ki to go to the next level but he knew that the two boys wouldn't allow it as they landed on the ground softly. Gohan clenched his teeth and fists in frustration. Setsuna immediately saw this and started to contemplate on what to do next. Damn. It looks like I do have to use that power after all. Before any of her thought could continue, a bullet shot out and broke the head demon's club and another got him in the head.

"These are spell breaker bullets! Who the hell has these?' he shouted.

"It looks like you were having trouble after all…" a feminine voice rang out throughout the area. Asuna and Setsuna saw atop a rock was Mana and Ku Fei. Mana had a rifle in her hand with a smoking barrel. "Since it is your first time asking me for help Gold Fighter, it is free," Mana told her teacher to which Gohan looked at questioningly.

"You were going to charge me for saving us?" Gohan asked.

"Ara? Are those monsters real-aru? They look really strong!" Ku Fei wondered with excitement. Mana just shook her head and shot some of the other remaining demons. "Ara is that real?" she inquired about the rifle in Mana's hands.

"No it's just an air soft gun." Four crow demons dropped from the sky and surrounded the two.

"Don't get cocky you weaklings! You won't be able to use that in close range," one taunted them. Mana smirked and kicked the guitar case which was on the floor. Two handguns popped up from it and she caught them. Mana shot all the demons surrounding her at a surprisingly fast pace, making it look like she had more than two hands. A demon appeared behind her, ready to slash at her with his sword. Mana blocked the attack using the butt of her gun and shot it in the face. She then brought her left hand around her, aiming behind her and shot the demon to her right. After that she went into a crouch shooting the demon far behind with her left gun and the demon to her left with her right. She did a 180 turn on her heels and shot to more bullets that had lodged into the other two crow demons. When she stood up they began to disappear. "S-strong…" one demon barley managed to speak before it disappeared completely.

Asuna had her mouth agape and her eyes were wide. "W-w-what was that? Why is Tatsumiya-san here? Was she that strong before?"

"Actually I used to exterminate demons with her before all of this…" Setsuna said scratching the back of her head.

"That's Mana for you. This is the first time I saw monsters though-aru," Ku Fei told them surveying the area.

"You can fight the weak ones Ku," Mana said nonchalantly.

"Are you making fun of me aru? Don't underestimate the powers of 4000 years of Chinese martial arts!" when she finished her sentence she turned around and parried a club from some of the monster trying to sneak up on her. Ku placed her left foot forward doing a slight skip then punched. The punch was strong enough to banish the four demons. However, a lot of demons surrounded Ku Fei. Gohan turned wide-eyed.

"Ku Fei-san, watch out!" yelled Gohan as he tried to get to Ku Fei's position and handle the demons. However, he stopped when he heard a familiar voice boom across the area.

"MAKANKOSAPPO!"

Suddenly, a beam attack came down crashing into some of the demons that were behind Ku Fei. It was purple beam that had another yellow beam swirl around it like a helix.

Everyone stopped fighting including Gohan when a figure from the sky landed softly on the ground. It was a tall man, wearing a purple dogi. He wore brown boots and carried a white cape on his shoulders as well as a turban on his head. But what caught everyone's attention was that the man was green!

"What the hell is that?" Asuna yelled. "Another demon?"

"Gohan-sensei, who is that guy?" Setsuna asked as she turned her head towards the direction of Gohan while she prepared her fighting stance. However, instead of being surprised, Gohan had the biggest smile on his face.

"PICCOLO-SAN!" He yelled excitedly.

"Piccolo-san?" Everyone asked.

The green man walked up to Gohan and stared down at him with a smile on his face. "How are you doing Gohan?"

"I'm fine Piccolo-san, but what are you doing here?" Gohan asked.

"I saw the scene unfolding from Kami-sama's temple and thought you could use the extra help since those two are around here. You need to use your next level," Piccolo said. "Also, I wanted to stretch out a bit. It has been a while since I last fought against anyone."

"Okay Piccolo-san, I will let you handle the demons with Mana-san, Ku Fei-san, Asuna-san and Setsuna-san while I take care of those two boys," Gohan said.

Piccolo nodded as he went out to help the others. The demons looked at Piccolo curiously. "Who the hell are you?"

Piccolo grinned evilly as he took off his cape and turban, revealing the antennas on his head. "Me, I am your worst nightmare." Piccolo went on the attack and destroyed some of the demons.

Gohan turned his attention towards Red and Blue. Now that his friends would be protected by his former sensei, Piccolo, Gohan didn't need to hold back anymore. "Sorry to keep you two waiting, but let me show the power that I promised Fate that I would show." He got into a horse stance and started to collect ki. The ground started to shake violently, causing a few heads to turn towards Gohan.

"HAAAAHHH!" He shouted, causing the ground to shake even more and electricity started to crackle around him. A light started to engulf Gohan as the surge of sheer power caused everyone to be pelted with flying rocks and debris. For an eternity it seemed to last.

The light suddenly compressed, crackling and sparking madly before it shot into the sky and into the concealing clouds overhead. It shrieked as it climbed, like a banshee was climbing from the depths of Hell. When the shrieking ball of energy was out of sight, the silence was almost eerie. Only ravaged ground remained where Gohan had once stood. A mote of gold light glowed like a coal from the heart of the sun itself then popped out with a weird ringing noise.

It was Gohan.

There were stunned looks on every conscious face present.

Gohan had changed again. The power rolling off him was unbelievable. It was almost tangible, a power so great that you could taste it in the air. His aura was brighter and sat farther out from his skin. No longer did it hug him like a flame. There as a very substantial gap between his flesh and the flames of gold. Electricity crackled and sparked all around him. He was much more solid now and almost…taller somehow. The changes were very minuscule though.

Until now, Gohan's hair had turned gold, but hadn't changed much. Now every spike stood straight up at attention, except for one bang that swept across his face. The effect should've been comical. He should've looked ridiculous, with his hair standing up all over the place. The effect was the exact opposite. He didn't look funny or weird. If anything, the inhuman power rolling off him and the crushing waves of killing intent in the air made it seem even more intimidating than his previous transformation.

Everybody including the demons and Tsukuyomi stood in awe at Gohan's new transformation. Bolts of lightning scattered across the area where Gohan stood. "Sorry it took so long. Let's start the next round shall we?" Gohan said with a smile, confident that he could…no, will win against Red and Blue.

Asuna and Setsuna could only stare at Gohan's power while Ku Fei looked at him with a slight blush. "I knew he was my true love-aru!"

Piccolo let out a smirk. "Like father, like son."



* * *



Back with Negi's spot…

Negi, Kotarou and Kaede felt the ground shaking and then a bright golden light shone from the spot where Asuna and Setsuna were fighting.

"Negi-bouzu you should get going. I will handle things here," Kaede said as she released Yue onto the floor.

"Eh But um…" Negi tried to speak.

"This isn't a time to be confused-de gozaru. We'll talk details later…" she went up to him and spoke kindly. "You don't need to worry about me. This is the time to act, not think. Now go!" she shoved him away. Negi hesitated for a moment then ran. Kotarou's eyes widened as he tried to run after Negi, but he was stopped as the knives implanted themselves into the floor in front of him.

"Hey the big nee-chan over there, don't get in my way!" Kotarou shouted at Kaede. "I have no intentions of fighting women."

"So your name is Kotarou huh? Boy you have good taste as to choose Negi-bouzu as your rival-de gozaru. But you can throw away your inhibitions because I'm still stronger then Negi-bouzu." Kaede made sixteen copies of herself. "Kouga Chuunin Nagase Kaede has arrived!"

Kotarou was frowning, but it slowly turned into a smirk. "Alright bring it on!"



* * *



Author's note: Part 1 of the climax of the Kyoto arc done! Yay! I'm excited about the next chapter which I will release next week.

Just a heads up, as always, if you are reading this chapter instead of reading the story like you normally should, please read the comments at the bottom of Chapter 4 on how I am doing Gohan's transformations.

Glossary time!

MAKANKOSAPPO: Piccolo's trademark attack. It literally means Light of Death. It is also known as Special Beam Cannon from the american dub.

KAMI-SAMA'S TEMPLE: It is the japanese equivalent to Kami's Lookout from the american dub.

Let me know what you guys thought of the chapter! See you next week! Peace!





*Chapter 10*: Gohan's Overwhelming Attack!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. See chapter 1 and Chapter 8 for details.

Author's note: Hey everybody! Hope everyone had a good week. I'm glad that a lot of people are liking my story. It makes me want to keep on writing, knowing that there are fans like you guys out there reading this. So keep the reviews coming. I enjoy reading them.

Also, to That-Random-Dude: Hope this chapter answers your question. I already had this chapter written out before you had asked the question.

And to alienstrikehero: Dende is the new Kami-sama. Remember Kami means God in Japanese. In the case of DBZ Kami can also mean guardian, thus it becomes a title. And Red and Blue are my original characters and they are experiments as it was stated in chapter 8.

I want to thank naioka1992 (I have been spelling her name wrong. My bad :p) for beta-reading this chapter. Thank you!

Oh yeah, there is an announcement at the bottom of the chapter. Please read it! It is very important. But anyways, I present to you chapter 10 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 10: The Demon Bares its Fangs! Gohan's Overwhelming Attack!

"I see them!" Negi shouted as he neared the giant lake.

"But what are we going to do aniki? They will just counter attack if we rush in blindly!" Chamo told Negi.

"Don't worry about it, Chamo-kun. I have a plan! I won't know if this will work, but I'm going to use a delayed spell that I've been practicing." Negi jumped onto his staff and flew across the lake.



* * *



Back at the battlefield…

Gohan stared down at his two opponents. Gohan's cold eyes glared silently at the two unresponsive boys. His deep bright green eyes were piercing the very depths of these boys' souls. His golden hair stood ablaze on end, swaying from the power he was distributing out into the air. Electricity leapt in astonishing forms and numbers from his body, hissing as it made contact with the air around the demi-saiyan or striking the earth beneath them. Gohan's golden and fiery aura blazed around him, growing brighter and more hazardous with every second. It was as though Gohan were a source for pure and infinite energy, more seeming to show it right before them all. His clothes were semi-torn and his body covered with small cuts and bruises. Some of them had blood trickling down. However, that didn't withdraw the distinct essence of a god or almighty presence in the battlefield.

All the girls present in the battlefield that saw Gohan were in awe. It looked as though the energy that once surrounded Gohan before now shone with even more heat and power. Their teacher seemed to radiate a sense of power and anger, yet at the same time he seemed to look calm and passive. From what their vision could decipher, Gohan was now radiated with electricity just pouring out from him, the crackling growing even louder and more rapidly than before in the silence.

Setsuna and Asuna noted that his build was even more impressive than before, making it one of the most obvious things. There was not that much of a big difference between the first level and this second level, but Setsuna and Asuna could tell that he was much stronger both physically and spiritually when they looked at him.

His eyes though, those were the main area of change noted Setsuna and Asuna. Changing from onyx black to a forest green when he first used the transformation in front of them, his eyes looked very fierce and confident. Setsuna and Asuna noted only Gohan could have ever pulled off looking innocent and cheerful and then serious and dangerous at the same time like with his first level Super Saiyan. But now they were a bottomless pool of emerald magnificence, lit with a feeling of coldness and yet blazing fury. They also held emotions that only someone who has lived for a very long time could feel, feeling and lifting all the world's pain and sorrow at once.

Gohan stood tall; his hands were open and flat at his sides as sparks and lightning jumped off of him erratically. He looked down to his hands, examining them carefully as electricity jumped and crackled and energy radiated from them. He could feel the warmth, and heat from simply having it leak out of his being. Not to mention the significant boost in power he had, far greater than last time as it easily more than doubled his power a year ago. He smirked coldly, his gaze traveling slowly toward its prime destination: two boys.

Gohan took several steps forward slowly and calmly. As he did so a trail of electricity followed his motions, dragging itself along the dirt for several seconds. While Gohan was walking, he had noticed that this wasn't the same power that he used against Cell and Bojack. However, it was powerful enough to beat Red and Blue. Gohan stopped and stood in between Red and Blue who had taken a few steps back. Even though they didn't have any feelings of their own, they definitely could feel the immense power emanating from Gohan.

Suddenly, Gohan charged at Red instantly powering up as he threw a fist at the unsuspecting red haired boy. Red raised his arm to block but was unprepared for the kind of power or speed behind the blow. Gohan's fist hit the boy's face and sent the red haired boy flying back into a cliff as the battle began.

Blue quickly got behind Gohan and executed one of Negi's latest attacks, "JOVIS TEMPESTAS FULGURIENS!" Out of his hand came out a steady line of wind magic that was headed for Gohan's position. When Blue yelled the attack, Setsuna and Asuna immediately turned their heads. Negi had just used that technique earlier, how could that guy know it already? Asuna thought as she parried another demon's attack. Setsuna pondered a bit as she fought against Tsukuyomi. That was Negi-sensei's attack but somehow it seemed weaker than the original.

As the attack approached, Gohan stood his ground. The attack hit its target and a loud explosion occurred, picking up dust everywhere. Blue came down to the ground, thinking that Gohan had been defeated or hurt badly by the attack. However, once the dust settled, Blue was in for a surprise. Gohan stood in the same spot with a crater surrounding him while the spot that he was standing on was still there. Gohan was completely unharmed by the attack. Blue finally started to have a nervous sweat as Gohan dashed towards his position and gave him a devastating punch to the gut.

Blue immediately reclined and spat out some blood. He held onto his stomach while Gohan prepared to give another attack. However, at that moment Red rose to his feet out of the rubble and he charged back at Gohan throwing a flurry of kicks and punches.

Gohan raised his arms and blocked Red's attacks and then fazed out of sight making one of Red's punches pass though only after-image. Gohan took advantage of the red haired boy being temporally off balance and appeared behind him planting his foot right in the back of Red's head sending the boy stumbling forward. Gohan appeared right in front of the red haired boy and drove his knee up into his chin with incredible force sending him flying back into another cliff.

Blue regained his composure and went up to the air with energy in both hands, bringing them together aimed at Gohan. "MASENKO HAAA!" Blue screamed as he let the attack fly at Gohan. The attack hit the target and exploded on the forest floor. As the dust began to unsettle, Gohan was nowhere to be found.

Blue started to look around and see where he was. Suddenly, Gohan appeared behind Blue and brought his foot around into the blue haired boy's face. Blue went flying towards the ground. Gohan recovered his stance quickly as Red came charging in, throwing punches and kicks like wild but the demi-Saiyan blocked every one of them. Finally one managed to get through and hit Gohan in the face but the boy shrugged it off with a grin and then drove his knee up into Red's stomach hard and then brought both fists down on Red's head.

Red went flying into the ground hard for the third time since Gohan had turned into his Super Saiyan 2 transformation. He got to his feet panting slightly. Blue joined with him as well as Gohan landed on the ground softly. His eyes were those of determination and his blazing golden aura was shining brightly like the sun. "I know that Fate never gave you two voices of reason, but if you know what is good for you, you should give up. You can't win. I already know your weaknesses," said the transformed demi-Saiyan. The two boys remained unresponsive; however, Gohan noticed that the two boys were sweating nervously. I know I am going to sound like Vegeta-san but these two boys are starting to learn the definition of fear even if they are mindless beings. "Let me show them to you." Gohan then fazed out, catching the two boys in shock.

The young demi-Saiyan then appeared in front of Red and the next thing Red felt was indescribable pain in his gut, dozens of hits within a matter of seconds landing there. His legs were grabbed, and the next thing he knew he was tossed and thrown into his other companion Blue. His vision was blurry, but he didn't need it to sense Gohan phasing in front of his path, slapping Red across the face and sending him the opposite direction. Each punch probably didn't even exert any amount of effort to Gohan, but Red would have had to actually try to reach that level of strength. He had to feel Gohan repeat this pattern several times, before finally backhanding Red into the floor dozens of feet away, sending him close to seven feet into the rubble marble ground.

Blue quickly got up from being thrown at, not even taking another breath as he phased out of sight and moved right behind Gohan. He raised his hand and out came a large ki ball ready to destroy the demi-saiyan, but Gohan was already turned around and grabbed the blue haired boy's hand. He then immediately gave a crushing knee strike to Blue's chest, sending farther into the forest while at the same time dispelling the large ki ball.

Blue phased out of the rubble, several energy blasts already released from his hands to Gohan. Gohan knocked them all aside with his left arm, sending them spiraling through the battlefield. Starting to get frustrated, Blue brought his hands to his sides, crackling with electricity and energy as he did so. He thrust his hands forward and deep gold energy beam released from them, its size and power immense. Gohan expression stayed the same as the beam approached him speedily.

KABOOOOOOOOMM!

A blast like a sonic boom erupted throughout the entire forest. A bright light seemed to bath the entire area in a gold glow, blinding everyone for several seconds. The explosion was so big that it created huge gusts of wind and dust. The fighters in the battlefield as well as on top of the cliff had to cover their eyes from the dust. The demons stared in shock, as well as Asuna and the girls at the destructiveness that Blue had unleashed unto Gohan. Asuna and Setsuna started to get worried for Gohan when they didn't see a body there. "Gohan/-sensei!" yelled the two.

"What the hell was that?" Asuna asked. "Do you think Gohan would have survived that?"

"That was too powerful to be honest," Setsuna replied. "I don't think anyone could survive that."

"Oh poor onii-san," said Tsukuyomi as she got up and looked at the destruction behind her, tilting her head. "It was too bad that I couldn't get to play with him. Oh well, I will have to tell Fate-sama the bad news that he was killed." Asuna and Setsuna clenched their fists in rage and readied themselves in fighting stance.

"Who said I was dead?" Everyone flinched and looked back at the spot more closely. There, behind the smoke that was still around the area, was a black figure. No one could make out the figure but as the smoke began to subside, a chirping noise was heard from a distance. Then a blazing golden aura with sparks of electricity going off and later…the appearance of Son Gohan!

"Gohan/Sensei!"

"Sorry that I worried you guys but that blast couldn't harm me at the least," Gohan said confidently as he floated in the air towards the two boys.

"Harm you? That blast destroyed that entire area!" Asuna yelled.

"What makes Gohan-sensei say that?" Setsuna asked.

"Because, that blue haired boy's greatest weakness is that he can't use large ki blasts effectively," stated the Namekian, who stood next to her. "Basically, the attacks that he is using are actually much weaker than the originals. I'm sure that Gohan had noticed it earlier too."

"What do you mean Piccolo-san?" Setsuna asked.

"Let's say that the opponent was Cell, Goku or even Gohan himself, that blast would have been more destructive and no one wouldn't be able to come out unscathed," explained Piccolo. "I don't know what the creator did to him but he failed to take into account the power that each move has. Imitation of a technique is normal for a fighter but to do actual copying, you must use the same moves and the same power that the original had."

Gohan landed softly in front of the two boys, assuming a fighting stance. He noticed that Blue was sweating even more. His eyes were starting to hold fear. Gohan smirked. "Let's end this dance." He shot at the two boys.

Red, sensing that his companion was too shocked to move back, stepped in front of him and raised a hand to block the punch, but only an after-image reached him. He looked up into the sky, where Gohan had reappeared, hovering overhead. Red scowled, shooting into the sky after Gohan. Gohan launched a kick, but Red's image passed right through him. Gohan turned, seeing that Red was hovering overhead. Red flew at Gohan, launching a flurry of punches that the half-Saiyan managed to dodge with ease.

Red, showing a lot of frustration in his movement, threw a kick. Gohan raised one arm and blocked it easily. Pushing Red's leg back, it was his turn to go on the offensive, Red barely managing to dodge the flurry of punches and kicks Gohan sent at him. Red and Gohan started trading blows evenly, both blocking or dodging whatever the other threw at them, though Gohan did it with considerable more ease than Red. Gohan then landed an axe kick on Red's head, sending him flying to the ground once again.

As he was descending, Gohan looked around and saw that the girls were fairing soundly against the other demons. Asuna was banishing demons left and right with her fan. Mana shot every demon that came in site, Ku proceeded to pummel demons into the ground, and Setsuna was fairing fine if not winded. Piccolo, in the meantime, was providing back-up and was doing fairly well against a horde of demons that lay before him.

One of the demons started to sweat nervously as he had noticed Piccolo's movements were similar to another demon that he had heard about. "Why are his moves similar to that of the Piccolo Daimao?" he muttered. But before he could get an answer, Piccolo stood in front of him and gave a devastating ki blast to the gut, effectively killing him.

"Because I am his son," Piccolo muttered with a grin.



* * *



Red, pushing off the rubble that was on top of him, got up drunkenly as Gohan floated and landed right in front of him. Red, starting to feel anger and frustration for the first time, clenched his fists and teeth and brought his fist back, launching a punch at Gohan. Gohan ducked under the blow and sent his feet at Red's legs, attempting to trip the boy, but Red jumped over the blow and shot into the air. Gohan launched himself in pursuit. Red stopped in mid-air and turned around to have Gohan in his face. He then launched a wave of punches at Gohan, but the half-Saiyan easily dodged all of them.

He'd managed to back Gohan up against another cliff. He launched one final punch, but it only hit the cliff side, shattering the cliff into smaller rocks. Gohan flew backwards, landing on the ground, still glaring at Red.

"Is that all you've got?" asked Gohan.

Red twitched in fury, then shot at Gohan in a flash, delivering a punch directly to the half-Saiyan's face. He laughed, then was horrified when Gohan merely opened his eyes, straightened his head, and stared at him straight in the face. Red drew back his fist for a second punch, but faster than he could follow, Gohan had launched one of his own, burying his fist directly in Red's stomach.

Red backed away, spit and blood dripping from his mouth, clutching his stomach in pain, his eyes nearly popping out of his head. Red snarled in fury, raising his fist yet again, but Gohan shot forward and delivered an uppercut directly to the boy's chin. Red went flying backwards, collapsing to his knees.

Blue got shakily up to his feet. He noticed his companion, Red, was in trouble. He disregarded his original programming of using only long range attacks and dashed towards Gohan, ready to use his fists and legs to knock out the demi-saiyan. Before he could arrive at his destination, Gohan was in front of him once again and a fist went sailing into his face. The blue haired boy tried to lash out with a retaliatory blow but Gohan simply caught his arm and threw him up in the air.

Before he got far, Gohan fazed in above him and brought both hands down on his head hard, sending the boy flying into the ground ever harder than before. Starting to get even more frustrated in his inability to even land a single hit of pain towards Gohan, Blue let out a yell and charged at the young demi-Saiyan with a hard kick to his head.

Gohan lazily raised his arm and blocked the blow from the boy and yawned. Blue, now infuriated, began to throw kicks and punched at the demi-Saiyan like crazy but Gohan simply fazed out of sight leaving Blue hitting only air. Blue looked around in confusion not even seeing where the boy went. He got his answer when a blast of ki hit his lower back. He flew across the sky until he stopped himself in mid-air.

He turned around and saw Gohan on the ground, his golden aura blazing around the demi-Saiyan. For the first time in his life, Blue actually was truly afraid. This boy was wiping the floor with him and not even breaking a sweat. The sound of Gohan's voice halted his thinking. "KA…ME…HA…ME…HA!" the boy shouted as he sent the blue beam of energy flying toward the blue haired boy.

Blue quickly cupped his own hands at his side. "KAMEHAMEHA!" he shouted quickly as he sent his beam to intercept Gohan's Kamehame-Ha. The two beams hit each other, Blue's never even slowing Gohan's down. In an instant, the combined power of the two attacks hit Blue full force pulling his body completely apart and effectively destroying him.

Gohan breathed a sigh of relief as he turned his attention to Red. "One down, one to go," Gohan muttered as dashed towards Red's position. Everyone gaped at the display of power that Gohan was showing. Well, except for Piccolo who knew that Gohan was holding back but also knew it was enough to beat those two boys easily.

"Asuna-san just who is our teacher?" Setsuna asked with a sweat running along her face. Asuna had nothing to say in response. She was shell-shocked as well. She would have been more shocked if she learned that Gohan was holding back more power.



* * *



At the ritual spot…

"One of them has been defeated," Fate said.

"What?" Chigusa yelled. "What do you mean?"

"This was unexpected. However, we have another problem. He's coming," Fate said to Chigusa.

"What?" she looked to the side and saw a wave of water, with Negi in front of its being. "That brat again!"

"Accelerate!" Negi shouted speeding up on his staff.

"Finish the ritual. I will handle the boy." Fate threw a charm and the demon that kidnapped Konoka appeared. "Handle the boy for me." The demon nodded and flew towards Negi.

"Activate the contract for Negi Springfield for one second! Accelerate Maximum power!" Negi shot off with his right fist forward. They had a head on collision with Negi being the winner since he pierced right through it. "Ras tel ma scir magister fret venus vente flans saltatio bluerea!' Negi shot a magical gust of wind into the water creating a dense mist.

"The wind turned water into mist. Does he intend to get us under the cover of mist? How futile…"

"Activate the contract for another three seconds for Negi Springfield!" Negi's voice rang out in the mist.

Fate looked around the mist, then felt a spike in magical energy. "Ah there you are." He put his hand up to attack, but was surprised to see only the staff fly right past him. "The staff?" His eyes widened as he saw Negi on a giant lamp post. Negi jumped off of it and headed forward with a magically supped up punch. His fist was about to connect, but was stopped by a strong magical barrier. "I told you, you were better off not trying. Gold Fighter-kun managed to get passed this with some of his skills, and yet you can't." Fate grabbed Negi's wrist and held him in place. "You bore me. You're not used to fighting close range, yet you go up against a person much stronger than you. The son of the Thousand Master huh? You are nothing but a child after all…" Fate sighed. "I shouldn't have expected much from you." Fate raised an eyebrow when he heard Negi chuckle.

"Fooled ya didn't we?" Chamo smirked. Negi placed his free hand on the Fate's chest.

"Sagita magica! Binding arrows of air!" Negi said his attack. Bindings of light surrounded Fate while mini tornados helped it contain him.

"I see, a delayed spell."

"Damn straight! Aniki chanted while we were in the mist. At point blank your anti-magic barrier can barely do anything!" Chamo shouted.

"I see… you made a surprising amount of progress, for someone with little to no combat experience. I have changed my opinion about you."

"Why are you so calm? You are the one who got trapped in a spell punk!"

"That's right. Even though binding magic is simple, it will take a couple of seconds to get out of it," Negi told him. "But that is all the time I need to get Konoka-san." Negi went to the altar and was surprised that she was gone. "Where is she? She was here just a moment ago!"

"Aniki look up there!"



* * *



At the hilltop…

Kaede sat atop Kotarou and was holding his arm effectively pinning. "I guess you couldn't get serious after all Kotarou. Were you really serious about winning-de gozaru?"

"No, I won't make any excuses. A loss is a loss ninja-onee-san," Kotarou said.

"D-did you win?" Yue asked from her hiding spot. Her eyes widened when she stepped out from behind the tree. "Kaede-san look!" She turned around and saw a giant figure in the pillar of light.



* * *



At the battlefield…

"S-Setsuna-san what's that?" Asuna asked as the fighting stopped once more.

Gohan stopped as well when he saw the giant appear. "Damn, that guy is big," he muttered. He desperately wanted to help Negi but was now preoccupied at the moment. Damn, Negi-san was too late. It looks like I have to end this fight right here and now!

Gohan regained his composure and blocked Red's incoming fist. The demi-Saiyan continued to block the blows from the red haired waiting for an opportunity to attack. A split second later he saw it. As Red's fist once again came at his face, Gohan leaned to the left having the fist miss his face by bare millimeters. At the same time Gohan brought his own fist into Red's stomach hard. Gohan wasted no time and began to pummel the other warrior with blow after blow trying to end the match as quickly as possible before something bad happens.

Gohan fazed out of sight and brought both fists down on Red's back sending him flying into the ground and a new crater was formed. "KAMEHAMEHA!" Gohan chanted as he sent his father's attack down into the crater after the red haired boy.

Red looked up just in time to see the blue energy heading toward him and raised his arms to block as the beam hit. He tried to push the beam back but it was no use. The attack had too much power and he also didn't have Blue to deflect the attack. So all the red haired boy could do was to brace himself as the attack exploded right in front of him.

Gohan watched as his attack exploded in the crater. He knew when the smoke cleared that Red would still be there. He hadn't put his full power into that attack after all. It wasn't meant to kill but simply to cause damage so, he'd been holding back slightly. Gohan's eyes widened a bit when the smoke cleared and he saw nothing. Suddenly, a fist came close to Gohan's face as he saw that it was Red.

Gohan flipped over in midair dodging the hits that Red had just tried to land. In seconds Gohan blasted at Red and sent a fist through his defenses catching the red haired boy in the chest knocking the wind out of him and breaking a few ribs. Gohan didn't let up for a second and began to hit Red with everything he had connecting with blow after blow. The red haired boy was sent flying back from the sheer force of Gohan's attacks and landed nearby smashing the face of a nearby cliff. Gohan gave pursuit, ready to finish this fight once and for all.



* * *



At the ritual…

"Hahahaha! You were too late boy! The ritual has been completed!" Chigusa laughed. She stood atop a humanoid demon that was as tall as the trees. It had two faces one on the front of the head, another on the back. It had a ridiculously long chin and had three horns. Its huge arms were covered in spikes. "Prepare to face the two faced four armed demon Ryoumen Sukunanokami! A giant demon god that was defeated over 600 years ago! The summoning was a success. Legend said that it stood at 180 feet, but it seems like he is bigger and has more power than any being in the universe!"

"Aniki! What are we going to do? It's so big!" Chamo shouted.

"We've got no choice but to go all out!" Negi replied. "RASTEL MASKIL MAGISTER! VENIANT SPIRITUS AERIALES FULGURIENTES!

"H-hold on aniki! That spell is really effective but your magic power should be at its limit right now! If you pull of that spell you will collapse!"

"CUM FULGURATIONI FLET TEMPESTAS AUSTRINA! JOVIS TEMPESTAS FULGURIENS!" A large beam of lightning and wind shot out of Negi's hand and hit dead on with the demon's body. Sadly it had no effect on him, not even a scratch.

Chigusa began to cackle. "Is that all you have son of the Thousand Master? It didn't even have an effect! With Konoka-ojou-sama's power, he is under my complete control, nothing can stop me now! I'll even crush the reinforcements that arrive tomorrow! And with this all the European mages that have been corrupting the east will be wiped out in one go! Bwhahahaha!"

"D-damn it," Negi stuttered out at he fell to the floor.

Fate finally broke the spell holding him. "You fought well, too bad you were too late Negi-kun."



* * *



"Negi really didn't make it!" Asuna shouted.

"I think so, but we have to go there and help him!" Setsuna suggested, holding back off another demon.

"That's easier said than done! These guys are relentless." The demon Asuna was fighting suddenly fell down, with smoke emanating from his back. "Huh?"

"Guys get out of here and help that boy!" Piccolo shouted. "I will handle them!"

"But…"

"Just go! I may not charge the Gold Fighter, but I'm charging you for this Setsuna!" Mana said as she shot more demons.

"Sorry about this! Let's go Asuna-san!" The two girls then disappeared. Piccolo jumped back and landed next to Mana and Ku.

"When I tell you to run and get behind a rock, do as I say, got it?"

"Why-aru?" Ku asked.

"Why is that?"

"Because this attack will destroy a large area. Now, get behind something!" Piccolo yelled. The two girls nodded and hid behind the rocks that had fallen down from Gohan's fighting against the two boys.

"So green man, what are you going to do? Stare at us?" asked one of the demons.

Piccolo smirked as he put his arms in a cross position and started to collect huge amounts of ki. His body was starting to shine brightly, catching everyone off guard. "CHOBAKURETSUMAHA!" He yelled as he brought his arms upwards and created a massive explosion with himself as the nexus. The explosion was so big and bright that Mana and Ku Fei had to cover their eyes from the dust and pebbles that came from Piccolo's spot.



* * *



Asuna and Setsuna continued running towards Negi's position when they felt the huge explosion. "What the hell is that?" Asuna asked.

"I don't know but we mustn't stop! Negi-sensei is waiting for us!" Setsuna yelled as she grabbed Asuna's arm to pull her along. Setsuna knew what Asuna was thinking and she was worried about the people they left behind in the battlefield. Regardless, they had a mission to do and that was to get Konoka back from the clutches of Chigusa and Fate.



* * *



Gohan saw the explosion from the sky and immediately knew who it had done that. "Piccolo-san!" He yelled and was about to head over to the battlefield but was stopped by an incoming attack from Red. Gohan didn't have time to waste.



* * *



As the dust and smoke settled, Ku Fei and Mana came out from the perspective hiding spots. Their clothes were torn up. Mana's shirt was getting torn to sherds while Ku Fei's dress was cut off at her thighs. They noticed that Piccolo's attack had cut down the demon army to twenty including Tsukuyomi. They saw Piccolo's figure and immediately went to him to congratulate him. However, Piccolo was panting heavily, and was on one knee. "Damn."

"What's wrong aru?"

"That attack had done what I want it to do by eliminating most of the demons," Piccolo said within each breath. "However, the strong ones were able to survive the attack, leaving me almost completely drained of ki. I can only attack for a little bit longer but I won't be able to help Gohan and his companions in stopping that giant."

"What?" Mana asked. "They are going to need all the help they can get."

Piccolo smiled. "Oh don't worry. Gohan is enough for the giant. Trust me, he is holding back."

"Holding back?" Mana asked with a shocked face. She had witnessed Gohan's transformation and the amazing power that he was emanating. And he was still holding back? Who was this Gold Fighter?



* * *



Up in the sky, Gohan breathed out a sigh of relief as he felt Piccolo's ki still down there but it was weaker than before. He looked at Red sternly, ready to finish this fight. Red meanwhile, was starting to get furious as he clenched his fists. Earlier he and his companion were winning, but now the tables have turned against him. Screw his programming! He was going to finish off Gohan if it is the last thing that he'll do.

With a burst of energy, Red hurled himself at Gohan in a charge, moving into attack. The Second Level Super Saiyan floated up slightly, ready to meet his opponent's blunt assault. The red haired boy struck out with a left knee, with Gohan meeting it with a right elbow. Red then threw a right straight punch after pulling his knee back, only for Gohan to spin around and crack the side of his left fist against it, stopping Red's attacks. Gohan's parrying was swift and brief, and when he blocked that last attack, he then sent a powerful, right hook across the boy's chest. The red haired boy was sent soaring skywards, with the demi-Saiyan in hot pursuit.

Gohan appeared above Red as he flew on, the red haired boy caught completely off guard at the sudden speed that Gohan had displayed. Reacting quickly, he threw a left punch straight for the demi-Saiyan, only for Gohan to faze out and reappear behind the red haired boy, directly in his path. Pulling his left leg back, far Gohan sent it up into Red, knocking him skywards. Red let out a yell of pain as he spun and twirled, stopping many stories above the earth. Turning around, he prepared for another attack. The demi-Saiyan was quickly upon him, appearing out of thin air in front of Red and sending a straight punch into his stomach. Red was struck full on by the blow and sent upwards a bit. He put his hands over the new wound, only to receive a quick, strike kick in the face, sending him flying back to the ground.

Red stopped himself in mid-air and landed softly on the ground. He clenched his teeth in anger as he saw Gohan land in front. "You…" he began, roughly. "You have been holding out this whole time?"

Gohan blinked a few times before he yelled, "You can talk?"

Red grinned and chuckled. "Of course, but it was not in my programming to speak. But I have had it with the stupid programming. I have never been so humiliated in my life. I am going to make your life a living hell. NOW DIE! RAAAAAAGGGGGHHHH!" he roared, throwing his left hand forward and unleashing a purple blast of energy, a destructive wave.

"WHAT?" Gohan yelled. Wasn't the blue haired boy the only one supposed to use long range attacks? The blast ripped through the air and consumed Gohan, not exploding but later dissipating when its connection was severed.

When it finally did, the demi-Saiyan glared ahead at the sender of the attack, but saw that the red haired boy wasn't there anymore. Tracking Red's ki signal, the demi-Saiyan looked up into the skies above him, knowing he was there. When the mist of smoke from the boy's previous attack lifted, the demi-Saiyan was able to see what was happening. When he spotted Red about 50 stories above him, he was immediately shocked when he saw what the boy was holding: a massive, fiery energy ball, shimmering brightly and packing massive amounts of energy. It floated several feet above Red's grasp, obviously a weapon of his own creation. Gohan gasped, shocked at the sight. "WHAT? I thought your companion was supposed to only use ki attacks!"

The boy laughed. "You noticed then?" he yelled, chuckling. He had gone completely mad and insane! "While it is true that my blue haired companion uses ki attacks, I was constructed with an emergency ki supply in case that I felt that it was necessary! I can gather energy and create far more powerful attacks faster than my companion ever could! This is what I call my MAGIC NOVA! Not even my companion's power can measure up to this attacks' might! Your distraction will prove to be your biggest mistake yet! NOW DIE WITH THOSE PATHETIC SCUM!" he roared, throwing his hand down and sending the massive, fiery colored ball straight down at Gohan. It plummeted through the air at a phenomenal rate, with Red's strength backing it up.

Gohan saw the attack approaching him. It was coming up fast, with no hint of stopping. Soon, the light and the attack itself was upon him, the raging winds it created whipping at him and his clothes. His aura was blown back by the amount of momentum it had. Just looking at it was a terrifying sight. But, Gohan wasn't going to give up. He had to stop it. So, as soon as he saw the moon sized attack come with several meters of him, Gohan powered up some more. A light-gold, radioactive glow emitted off of his body as his aura exploded more ferociously around him, accompanied by the lightning storm of golden bolts of electricity. With a yell of power and courage, Gohan flew up to meet Red's attack and threw both his hands into it, the attack burned in his grip as it pushed him back ever so slowly. It was at this moment, Gohan realized the attack was packing more than just the power to destroy the area. It had enough power to destroy everything in this district or even the entire country of Japan. With a growl, Gohan powered up more, only to find himself being pushed closer and closer towards the ground. He growled through gritted teeth when the ball of energy suddenly grew. Red's laughter echoed all around him.

"HA-HA-HA-HA-HA! Struggle all you want! It's over! That's what you get for disgracing me!" the boy roared. He saw his attack come in contact with the planet, the demi-Saiyan pressed right underneath it.

At the front of the attack, baring the full brunt of its force, Gohan kicked his feet into the ground, keeping himself upright and holding the fiery death ball back. The raging winds bit at the earth with the intense heat of the attack burning against the opposing force. Gohan growled, feeling the earth crumble beneath him as debris, dust and rubble flew around him. It was as if the whole planet was going to explode.

I will not…let this fiend…get away with this! Gohan yelled in his mind between his burst efforts to keep the attack back. He growled, his muscles throbbing and bulging as he applied more strength. However, the earth beneath him crumbled and he felt himself falling. The ground broke and cracked, his feet sinking in deeply and threatening to give way. Gohan pushed up more. Never give up…never give in…!

Red grinned and, aiming his left hand at the energy ball, pumped the final, huge push into it. The invisible wave of energy soared down, striking the ball which increased its size, density and momentum. The insane boy yelled, "I AM THE STRONGEST! NO ONE CAN STOP ME! NOT EVEN YOU'RE FRIENDS WHOM I WILL KILL AFTERWARDS!"

The increase of the ball's strength sent Gohan toppling into the earth, the fiery attack crushing him. More rubble and debris flew outwards as the crust of the planet began to crumble. Gohan tried pushing more and more but couldn't. He needed to do something and fast!

The insane red haired boy laughed out loud. He raised his fists and turned, laughing heartedly into the skies so that the Gods themselves could hear him. "YES! This planet will soon be destroyed at my hands!" Red looked back down to his attack, expecting to see it borrowing into the ground. Instead, he saw it popping out of the ground, the wind direction changing so that it hit him. He gasped when he saw what was happening. "WHAT? IMPOSSIBLE!"

Gohan was back on his feet, and had hit harder ground. He pushed off of it, using his own back strength to help him. His arms, chest and face were pressed hard up against the giant energy ball. It was still driving into him, but something was different about him. He had lost his golden hair and his jade green eyes as well as his blazing golden aura. It seemed like he had transformed back into his original state. No…that wasn't it. Though he had the appearance of his normal state, his demeanor was completely different. His muscles were bigger and were packing more power than ever before. His bang this time was on the other side of his face. A blazing white aura surrounded him. He had transformed into Mystic Gohan!

With a yell of agony, Gohan forced it forward, pushing it out so that his hands held it. Now that it was in place, the young Saiyan pushed it up so that he threw it only a few feet into the air. When it began coming back down to him, he threw his right hand back then drove it forward, unleashing a concentrated yellow energy blast. The spear end of the energy blast struck the surface of the attack before growing and growing slowly until Gohan began pouring everything he had into it. Gohan's mind was a whirl, finishing the last part of his last sentence. …and never talk DEFEAT! he yelled in his mind, growling and glaring up into the fiery ball of energy he held back with his blast.

At first the Magic Nova and Gohan's attack were even. But then, when Gohan chanted these words and the words of his attack, the day was decided. "KA…ME…HA…ME… HAAAAAAAAAAAA!" Gohan roared; his voice drowned out as his attack exploded full force. His entire aura flashed blue as he poured all the energy he had packed into one blast. His attack punched straight into Red's attack and sent it right back at him. The blue blast sent the Magic Nova straight back at its owner faster than it had come at Gohan. It lit the sky up and rumbled as it progressed on. Red was shocked.

"NO! NOOO! NOOOOOOOO!" he shouted, turning to his attack and pulled his hands back. "CURSE YOU!" With that, he threw it forward, attempting to push his attack back. But just then, his own attack struck him and enveloped him. The insane red haired boy sunk into the fiery ball where he was suspended in its center. Soon, he and his attack were sent into space, pushed for miles and miles without stopping before suddenly reaching the end of their journey near Venus. It was here, his attack reacted with Gohan's blast penetrating it and exploding. The skies were lit up and Red was annihilated with the explosion.

"NNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!" he roared, his body burning away and reducing to nothing but ash before that too was turned into particles. His voice disappeared with him and echoed into the distance.

Back on Earth, Gohan continued to levitate in the air, his blazing white aura surrounding him. "It's over," Gohan said. "Now, to help Negi-san and stop that giant!" With a quick engulfment of his aura, Gohan sped towards Negi's spot.



* * *



Setsuna and Asuna continued running through the forest towards Negi's direction.

'Ane-san Setsuna-nee-san! Are you alright?' Chamo asked them telepathically.

"Chamo! We're heading your way. That green man had just decided to step it up back there so we can go here."

'That's good we need all the help we can get. But you won't make it here on time if you keep running. We'll use the cards to summon you.'



* * *



Back at the alter Negi was still on the floor as the Fate approached him. "I won't kill you, Negi-kun. But whoever stands in my way will end up hurt." Negi glared at him. "You were pushed to your physical and magical limits. I applaud you Negi-kun."

"Aniki now!" Chamo shouted.

"Summon: Ministra Negi Kagurazaka Asuna, Sakurazaki Setsuna!" Negi chanted. Two magic circles appeared on the floor. From the circles appeared Asuna and Setsuna. "Asuna-san, Setsuna-san I'm sorry. I couldn't get to Konoka-san in time."

"We know!"

"Was that your plan all along? Very well…" Fate spoke. He began to chant in some old language they couldn't understand.

"What the hell? That was his spell key! He's a western mage! Ane-san, stop him!" Chamo ordered.

"We won't make in time!"

When Fate finished he pointed with his right index and middle finger. "Petrification Breath!" A large cloud of white smoke engulfed the area. "I think I overdid it," Fate said to himself.

A ways away, Negi Asuna and Setsuna were all in the ground as they stared at the cloud. They wondered who had rescued them but onwards. "We somehow got away…it looks like he doesn't even realize it yet," Setsuna told the two. She turned around and saw that Negi's hand was petrified. "Negi-sensei!"

"Don't worry I'll be fine. It barely touched me," Negi assured her.

"You two should get away from here. I'm going to save ojou-sama," Setsuna said. "ojou-sama is on top of the demon's shoulder with Chigusa and I'm going to save her if I do it by myself."

"How are you going to get there if it so high up?" Asuna asked. "You can't fly like Gohan can!"

"Negi-sensei, Asuna-san. There has been a secret I've been keeping from both you and ojou-sama. Once you've seen me in my true from…I'm going to have to say goodbye." Setsuna hunched over and from her back two white bird wings appeared. "This is my true from…I'm a monster just like them. Please don't misunderstand! My desire to protect ojou-sama is real! But I've kept this a secret all this time. I was afraid that ojou-sama would hate me if she saw this form…" Setsuna began to cry. She stopped when she saw Asuna touching her wings. "Um Asuna-san?" After inspecting her wings Asuna slapped her on the back.

"What are you talking about? I think these are pretty cool. I mean you have seen Gohan's transformations. Did he call himself a monster? No! He took it with pride. Besides Konoka is your childhood friend, and you've been shadowing her for the past two years? What have you learned? Do you think she is someone who would hate you for something like this? You're an idiot if you think so! So go on we'll support you Setsuna-san! Right Negi?"

"Y-yes!" Negi agreed.

"So what are you waiting for get going?" Setsuna smiled and cried tears of joy.

"O-okay!" She bent down and was about to fly, but the boy with white hair appeared out of the smoke.

"That was where you were…" he said as he stalked towards them.

"Thanks for trying so hard for Kono-chan, Negi-sensei!" Setsuna then flew off. Fate was about to stop her when an arrow of light hit his hand.

"So what are we going to do now Chamo-kun?" Negi asked.

"I don't know aniki, I'm out of ideas too…"

'Hey Boya, you hear me?'A voice rang out in their mind.

"Th-That!" Chamo yelled.

'Heh. It wasn't much, but I got to see you fight. You still got a long way to go, kiddo. Let see what you can do! In fact…if you can hang in another 90 seconds, I'll come and help put this baby to bed!

"Th-That voice, can it be?" Asuna asked.

"Can be and is…" Negi said.

'The way you fought and planned was fine, Boya. The thing is…do you have to be such a perfectionist? You don't think your father crossed every "T" and dotted every "I"? I'd've thought kids your age were more "act-fast, think-last." Kids should be kids…leave the cleanup to the adults!'

"Negi!"

"Asuna-san," Negi stood up, his eyes full of determination. "Let's go!"

"OKAY!"

"If you are coming then I shall be your opponent," Fate said. Asuna ran towards him with her fan at the ready. Just like Gohan, the boy disappeared using his speed, only to reappear behind Asuna delivering a heel kick to her torso. She crashed into the boardwalk of the lake and broke it. Using his speed again, Fate slammed Negi with a straight to his gut, sending him into Asuna. They skidded backwards to a stop.

"This boy is hella strong," Asuna groaned. They didn't have much time to recover as Fate was once again upon them sending a barrage of punches their way. The two could do nothing but block the attack. To finish his combo he hit them with his elbow so they fell to the floor.

Fate jumped into the sky and gather magical energy into his hand. "Vishu talri shutal vangait. King of the eight legged lizards who bear the cursed eyes, extend thy light from my hand and project thy gaze of disaster…" Asuna used her body to protect Negi. "Gaze of Petrification!" the beam destroyed a large section of the boardwalk. Asuna's shirt began to turn into stone. "I knew it the ability to completely nullify magic huh? I guess I'll take care of you first Kagurazaka Asuna!" the boy flew forward with a magically enhanced punch.

The boy's attack was stopped when Negi grabbed him with his good hand. "Asuna-san, are you okay?" he asked while he glared at Fate.

"I'm fine," she breathed out. "But naughty kids need to be punished!" she "sliced" Fate across with her fan dispelling the barrier around him. Negi began to power his petrified fist with magic as he glared at the boy.



* * *



Setsuna appeared before Chigusa. "YOU!" Chigusa spat.

"Amagasaki Chigusa! I'm taking back ojou-sama!" Setsuna flew forward.

"Damn she's too close, I can't use Sukuna's power. Monkey demon bear demon!" she summoned her faithful animals to protect her. They failed however as Setsuna slashed them in half. Meanwhile Negi punched the white haired boy with all his might. Setsuna took the charm off of Konoka.

"Ojou-sama! Ojou-sama! Are you alright?"

"Ah Se-chan, I knew you'd come to rescue me…" Konoka said dazed.

"Are you okay ojou-sama?" Konoka blushed.

"It actually felt really good like that lady said. I'm rather embarrassed." Konoka then took notice of Setsuna's wings. "Setsuna your back…" Setsuna was about to defend herself when Konoka smiled. "You have beautiful wings. Just like an angel…"

"Ojou-sama."



* * *



"Did we get him?" Asuna asked.

"You know, you're the second person to hit me. The first was the Gold Fighter-kun…" Fate said as he got up. He went to punch Negi, but his fist was caught by a hand. He looked behind him and saw a smirking Gohan. "Y-You!" Gohan then proceeded with a punch that sent Fate into the water.

Negi and Asuna's face turned into smiles once they saw who it was. "Gohan/-san!"

Gohan turned his head with his Son grin. "Yo! Sorry that I took so long."

"Where were you dark haired baka? You know we could have used your help earlier!" Asuna yelled.

"Well, I had to stop two attacks that could have easily destroyed this entire district or even the entire country of Japan, so cut me some slack," Gohan said with a nervous sweat.

"So you were able to defeat those two," Fate said as he stood on the water with his face still as passive as ever. "I didn't think you had enough power to do it, especially after what you had displayed in our earlier fights."

Gohan smirked. "Those two gave me some trouble but it wasn't something that I couldn't handle. There is a lot that you don't know about me Fate. But why don't I show you some?" Gohan then got into a fighting stance.

"So arrogant Gold Fighter-kun," Fate said. The two of them stared at each other intently. Tension was in the air. Asuna and Negi looked on with Chamo on the ground.

"Hey, shouldn't Gohan-nii-san be in his Super transformation?" Chamo asked.

"That's right! Why isn't Gohan in his second level of his transformation? Does he think he can beat that guy without even transforming?" Asuna said with a nervous sweat.

"No, I think he has already transformed," Negi responded.

"What?" Exclaimed both Asuna and Chamo.

"What do you mean Aniki?" Chamo asked.

"I don't know how to explain it but Gohan-san seems completely different than he is normally," replied Negi. "His aura is completely different."

"Now that you say that…"Asuna trailed as she inspected Gohan. She looked at him intently and noticed that something was different about Gohan. He seemed more confident and more powerful than before. Was this really another transformed state of Gohan's?

Gohan narrowed his eyes and dashed towards Fate, leaving behind a destroyed section of the boardwalk due to the amount of power that Gohan had. Fate dashed towards him as well. Both fighters clashed with each other, causing massive shockwaves that were felt across the lake. This went on for a minute until Gohan and Fate reappeared and right in front of Negi and Asuna. "Impressive Gold Fighter-kun," Fate said. "You are definitely different than before. But I noticed that you don't have gold hair anymore. Is this your normal power then?"

"Nope," Gohan replied. "But I don't feel like telling any more. Besides the name's Son Gohan, not Gold Fighter!"

"I see," Fate said. "Regardless, you are no match for me Gohan-kun." Fate went to punch Gohan who was ready for the attack, but his fist was stopped by a clawed hand. He looked behind him and saw a rising figure of Evangeline.

"It looks like you've been taking care of my boy huh, amateur," Evangeline came out fully from the shadow and punched him. The force of the move caused Fate to fly back extremely far taking the boardwalk with him.

Gohan turned serious as he stepped in front of Evangeline and was ready to punch her, thinking that she was a threat. However, Chachamaru stepped in front and blocked the attack, but without some consequences. Her hand was completely shattered. "Gohan-san! What are you doing?" yelled Negi.

"Hmm," Gohan said. "So you are the strange ki signatures that I felt ever since I got to the school. I must say, you are powerful. Especially the little blond one."

Asuna and Negi flinched. "Oh no," muttered the both of them.

"Who are you calling little?" Eva yelled with a blush. "Just so you know I am over 300 years older than you! So know your place assistant!"

"Over 300 years old?" Gohan said with a surprised look. He turned to Negi and Asuna. "Is she joking?"

Both Negi and Asuna shook their heads. "She is actually a vampire and Chachamaru is a robot," Negi said.

"You don't say," Gohan said as he walked off to one end of the boardwalk that wasn't destroyed.

"What are you doing here?" Negi asked Eva. "What about the infernius scholasticus curse?"

"Well, to continue fooling the powerful spirits who govern the curse, a complex magical ritual is required," explained Chachamaru. "To wit every five seconds, the headmaster must stamp a permission slip reading, 'Evangeline is to be allowed travel to Kyoto as part of normal school activities.'"

"Yeah," Eva added, "and as payment for my help, the old codger can stay in rubberstamping hell till my sightseeing in Kyoto's done tomorrow." She then noticed Gohan walking in the direction of the giant demon. "Hold it!" yelled Eva. "Where are you going assistant?"

Gohan turned around with a serious smile. "It's Son Gohan! And where else would I go Evangeline-san? Are you going to be the one to defeat that giant?"

"Actually, I'd rather see how strong you really. After all, I saw glimpses of your fight with those colored haired boys and I wish to see more," Eva said sitting down. Gohan shrugged and looked at the demon.

"You know, for all that size, you are sure pretty weak. My younger brother could easily beat you," Gohan stated.

"Weak?" Asuna shouted.

"Are you calling my demon weak?" Chigusa fumed. She used her magic to control the demon. It lifted up its right arm and began to bring it down on Gohan. Gohan stood still as the attack came crashing down on him.

"Gohan/-san!" Asuna and Negi shouted.

"Tch, I expected more from that idiot assistant," Eva said as she looked at the fist.

"Hahahaha, is that too weak for you?" Chigusa chuckled. Her eyes widened when the giant demon's hand started to move up. "Wha-what is happening?" Chigusa demanded.

"HAAAAAAA!" Everyone present looked at the spot where the fist had landed and saw it moving upwards. It was Gohan! And he was doing it with only one hand! With his blazing white aura surrounding him, Gohan brushed off the fist and went up into the air. He started down the demon and Chigusa.

"H-How is this possible?" Chigusa said fearfully. Who was this guy?

"I would have let Evangeline-san handle it but you crossed the line when you kidnapped Konoka-san and hurt my friends," Gohan said. "I will never forgive you! I am going to attack you with my ultimate attack!" He cupped his hand and put it to his side. He started to chant loudly, "KA…ME…" Negi and Asuna knew what was coming but something caught their interest. It was the ball that was forming in Gohan's hand. It wasn't blue but rather a golden yellow ball and it was getting rather big than it normally should. "HA…ME…" Chigusa was freaking out. She remembered this attack, especially after that fight at the train station. She jumped off the demon and into the forest behind it so she could get away from the attack as far as possible. "HAAAAAAAA!" Finally, Gohan brought his hands forward and fired the attack at the giant demon.

The demon had no chance of defending against such an attack as it was completely engulfed and obliterated by the Ultimate Kamehame-Ha wave created by Gohan. There was no trace of the demon as the blast had literally lit up the sky like an artificial sun in the night sky. Everyone present was in awe. Gohan landed next to Evangeline. "What do you think?"

"Pretty impressive. Though I would have been more flashy with my ice. Like so," Evangeline turned around and shot an ice lance at the approaching Fate. Eva began summoning more ice as Fate jumped and dodged all the attacks. A giant glacier appeared above him and fell on the Fate sending him into the water. "Ah it feels good to be at full power again!" she laughed. "I wished you would have let me have that giant demon though. That little boy was nothing more than a prick. I would have been able to show off more."

"True but we shouldn't underestimate him," Gohan said looking around. He walked up to Negi with his Son grin. "Good job, Negi-san! You did well for your first time. I'm impressed," he said patting Negi's head. Evangeline hit Gohan on the head. "Ow what was that for?"

"I have some things to say to the boy. And yet you go encouraging him," Eva said to Gohan. She turned to Negi. "Listen up boy! This if this was one of the many video games I play, this would be the part where you ask the final boss why they are helping when you are going to die in the very first dungeon. When something like this occurs again, don't expect to have me or the assistant helping you! You have to be able to stand on your own!"

"Oddly enough I have to agree with her," Gohan agreed with Eva even though he was rubbing his head. "I won't be able to help all the time. You need to get stronger Negi-san, but you've shown enough strength for now."

"Y-yes!" Negi saw Fate appear from the water behind Evangeline. "Eva-san!" He hugged her to protect her from the boy.

"What are you doing you idiot?" Eva tried to push him off. Gohan shoved both of them out of the way when the boy sent a spell at them.

"Barrier-breaking lance of stone!" Fate chanted. The attack impaled Gohan on the chest and shoulder. Gohan spat out some blood. Being so close though, Gohan took this opportunity to punch Fate as his hand went through the boy's body.

"Hmm… you really are a wild card. That and the fact that the vampire looks about ready to kill me is a sure sign I won't win. I will retreat for now," Fate disappeared with a splash of water. Gohan pulled the lance out and continued to stand straight as he held his wound tightly.

"Gohan-san, are you alright?" Negi asked. Gohan nodded.

"I'm okay Negi-san, it was just a scratch," Gohan said, putting up a strong front.

"You really are an idiot!" Eva shouted. "I would have survived if that move hit!"

Gohan turned his head to see Negi fall down. He went next to him and checked him out. "Damn, his entire right side is petrified."

"Negi-kun!" the group around Negi looked up to see Konoka running their way.

"What's wrong with him de gozaru?" Kaede asked as she was right behind them.

"He is in a very dangerous condition right now…" Evangeline said. "His magic resistance is extremely high. That is why petrification process is extremely slow. But at this rate he will suffocate once the petrification hits his neck."

"Can't you do something Evangeline?" Asuna pleaded.

"No I'm no good with healing magic…"

"Make Konoka-san kiss Negi-san," Gohan said calmly. All of them looked at him oddly. "If she kisses him, she'll get a pactio and it will boost her healing powers tenfold, right?"

"That's right…" Konoka stated. She stepped up. "Se-chan told me everything. And I want to thank you all for the hard work you have done. But now I think it is time I return the favor." She bent down and kissed Negi. A bright light filled the area. Negi zoomed in and out of consciousness.

"I'm happy everyone is okay…" Negi said. Everyone cheered for his return to good health. Piccolo let out a smile as well as Gohan who did one very weakly. Suddenly Gohan fell down with a thud onto the boardwalk.

"Gohan/-san/-kun/-sensei!" Everyone rushed towards Gohan's position including Piccolo. Gohan suddenly reeled to the side and threw up, blood spilling onto the ground and his gi top. Gohan coughed and choked, more blood splattering onto his top. Blood trickled from the corner of his mouth, joining the flow. Piccolo went ahead and checked Gohan's condition as he knelt next to the demi-Saiyan.

"What's wrong with him?" Asuna worriedly turned to Piccolo.

"He is in critical condition," the Namekian stated. "That earlier hit went through between his shoulder and chest, fatally injuring his heart. He is also has been holding some extreme injuries from his fight with those two boys."

"What?" Everyone yelled.

"But why didn't he say anything?" Negi asked as tears started to well up in his eyes.

"He didn't want you guys to get worried," Piccolo said. "He is always looking out for the best interests of his friends. He really cares about you all if he has gone this far." Piccolo stood up and put out his hand. A ki ball appeared in his hand and shot at Gohan, catching everyone by surprise.

"Hey! What the hell are you doing?" Asuna yelled as she was about to get out her fan and beat the living shit out of Piccolo.

"I gave him some of my ki to stabilize his condition," Piccolo stated. He turned to Konoka with a serious face. "Heal him."

"Huh?"

"Based on what I have just seen, your healing powers have just been awaken," the Namekian stated. "Please use them." Konoka nodded and knelt next to Gohan, who was in pain and in shortness of breath. His color was fading quickly. Konoka raised her arms and tried to use her powers but to no avail.

"Why isn't it working?" Konoka asked. Everyone started to nervously sweat since no one knew what to do.

"Maybe you should kiss him," Eva said.

"W-WHAT?" yelled everyone.

"B-But that was different than earlier with Negi," Asuna said with a slight blush.

"It doesn't matter!" yelled Piccolo. "Gohan is going to die soon so just kiss him already dammit!"

Konoka nodded and went close to Gohan's face. His face was in anguish and pain. As she approached his face, Konoka's heart couldn't stop beating so fast. It was going so fast that she might have a heart attack at that very moment. She wanted her first kiss with Gohan to be romantic but beggars can't be choosers. If it is to save Gohan-kun, I will do anything! Konoka bent down and kissed Gohan on the lips. A light engulfed them, surrounding the two of them. Everyone was covering their eyes except for Piccolo, who watched sternly hoping that Gohan would make it through.

Once the light subsided, Konoka stood up. Everyone hoped that worked. And it did as color began to come back to Gohan. His injuries were being healed, and his face no longer that of anguish and pain. He opened one eye and saw everyone staring at him with tears in their eyes. "W-What is going on? Did someone die?" Gohan asked.

Asuna, Negi and Konoka all started to cry as they went ahead and hugged Gohan hard. Setsuna cried as well but she didn't want to embarrass herself by hugging Gohan. Everyone else let out a sigh of relief with the biggest one being Piccolo. He let out a smile. They then went back to headquarters to find everyone was awake.



* * *



"What the hell was that boy?" Chigusa thought as she ran through the forest. "That couldn't be the Gold Fighter. Well, it doesn't matter. As long as I can escape, I still have a chance to fix everything."

"You there!" boomed a voice in the forest. "Is there evil in your heart? To willingly sacrifice others on the altar of one's own ambition? That, I call evil! And yet, an evil person of honor would be happy to die, if it served to their beliefs. Will you be happy to die?"

"What are you talking about?" Chigusa asked shakily. She looked up and saw a devilish figure carrying a giant sword that said, 'Ministrum Magi Chachazero.'

"For if you are not, you are a fool," said the doll known as Chachazero. "A fool and a third-rate hood with no nerve at all! Since you've no honor anyway, I may as well cut that cowardly streak right out of you." It bent down to slash her with the sword, and everything went black. Chigusa fainted and had swirls in her eyes.

"Ah, well," said Chachazero as she sat on top of her sword that was planted next to Chigusa's head. "No one has nerve, these days. Why, even the mistress! She puts on the hurt less now, sure. But you know? I miss the old days."



* * *



Next morning…

Negi woke up from a long sleep and looked around worriedly especially for Gohan. He moved his hand and felt something. He turned his head and saw that Gohan was safe and sighed. Gohan was sound asleep. Negi then heard some noise coming from the outside. "It seems like Negi-sensei and Gohan-sensei are still fast asleep. Well it was a hard night for them," Setsuna said. She put a bag over her shoulder.

"Are you leaving already?" Evangeline asked her. "You should say goodbye."

"I can't. It will hurt too much to face them again."

"Setsuna-san!" Negi shouted. "Where are you going?"

"It's the law of my people! Once you've seen my true from I have to…" she began to run before running into someone and landing on the ground with a thud. "Ow! Who ar–" She looked up and saw it was Gohan.

"Now where do you think you're going huh?" he asked smiling down at her.

"Gohan-san, what are you doing? You shouldn't be out of bed!" Negi said.

"Don't worry Negi-san, I have dealt with worse. But anyways..." He turned to her. "Now what was it about some law? Please you're not the only one who can't really reveal themselves to others. Negi-san can't or else he'll turn into an ermine. Evangeline-san is a vampire and Chachamaru-san is a robot. And I am half alien." Negi nodded in agreement.

"That's right all of us have our secrets. That is why you should stay here with us and protect Konoka-san in person!" he begged her as he knelt down next to her head.

"Besides didn't you promise to come back to Konoka-san?" Gohan reminded her. He grabbed her and pulled her up. When he did the rest of the girls who came with them to the mansion called them over.

"Se-chan! Se-chan!" yelled Konoka. "We've got trouble!"

"What is it?" Gohan asked, worried that Fate might have reappeared.

"They say those paper-doubles we sent to the hotel in our place have gone out of control!" Asuna said.

"They what!" Gohan and Negi exclaimed.

"What else can wrong today?" Negi asked. Then a loud grumble was heard that shook the foundations of the nearest building. Everyone prepared their weapons and got into their fighting positions. "Are we under attack?"

"Actually," Gohan said with embarrassment, "that was my stomach." Everyone immediately face-faulted. Gohan scratched his neck in embarrassment and let out a Son laugh. "To tell you the truth I was getting kind of hungry. Can we eat some breakfast first?"

"Can't you not think about your stomach for one second!" yelled Asuna to Gohan's face as she hit him on the head. "This is an emergency!"

"I know but I can't do anything without getting some food in my system," Gohan said weakly while rubbing his head as he sat down pouting to Asuna. "Can we get something to eat on the way there?"

"NO!" yelled Asuna.

"Gohan-kun, once we get to the hotel, I'll ask the Chef to cook up a nice breakfast for you," Kazumi said as she walked up to the group.

Gohan immediately sprang up and hugged Kazumi tenderly almost immediately. "YATTA! Thank you Kazumi-san!" He went to pack up his stuff, leaving behind a beat red Kazumi. While inside the room, he took out some clothes from his capsule pouch, and then opened the door with his Son grin, all ready to leave. "Yosh! Let's get going to the hotel to solve the emergency!"

"You are just excited to go back to the hotel because it involves food," muttered Asuna as she let out a sigh. Gohan had the biggest grin on his face however, he started to look around. "What is it now Gohan?"

"Have you guys seen Piccolo-san?" Gohan asked.

"Actually, he said that he go back to the Kami-sama's temple or something like that," Konoka replied with a smile. "Though I am not sure what he meant by the 'Kami-sama' part. Do you know what he means by that Gohan-kun and do you think we will meet him again? I really liked him."

Gohan let out a smile. "Don't worry about it Konoka-san. I am sure that we will see him again soon. But we should get going! Otherwise my sto – I mean the students will get worried about us." He started to lead the group but felt that Setsuna wasn't in the group. He turned his head and looked at Setsuna with his Son grin. "Coming Setsuna-san?"

She nodded in agreement as she let out a smile and happily went along with them, finally finding her place.



* * *



The Next day…

Group 5 along with Kazumi, Evangeline and Chachamaru met up with Eishun. "We are going to the back of these mountains. The building we are looking for is a narrow three story building."

"Where are we going?" Haruna whispered.

"We are going to Negi-sensei's father's house," Yue replied.

"Chief-san, what are they going to do to Kotarou-kun?" Negi asked.

"They will not go too harshly on him. Even if he was working with Chigusa, well we will see later on won't we?" Eishun replied.

"What about Fate?" Gohan asked. He once again ghosted his hand over the place where two very bad scars should be. Thankfully Konoka healed both. "He is very dangerous."

"We are currently looking into that Son-sama. From what I've heard, he came to Japan a month ago with the Istanbul Magic Association for training." They came to a stop when a home hidden behind the trees appeared. "Ah here we are." When they stepped inside it was really clean and tall. The walls were lined with books and various stairs. "I've kept it as clean as it was when he was last here."

"So this is where father once was…" Negi said with a hint of longing. The girls then began to go around the house checking out books and everything. Even Gohan was walking around the place. He followed Eishun the rest of the time then the met up with Negi. "So Negi-san, how are you liking it so far?"

"There is so much I want to check out here Gohan-san. I wish I had more time to see everything here," Negi told the two.

"Haha, you can come over anytime you want."

"Can I ask you something about my father chief-san?"

"I suppose so. Setsuna-kun, Asuna-kun, you too Konoka come here please. These are all things you need to hear." All of them went to the main office and where he showed them a picture. It was a group of what looked like a rag tag group of fighters.

"What's this photo?" Asuna asked.

"This is a photo of the Thousand Master's comrades-in-arm."

"Comrades?"

"Yes this was taken 20 years ago. I was still a young man during the war that I fought alongside him with. Then 20 years ago peace came and he had become known as the Thousand Master for all his heroic deeds. Chigusa's parents died during the war. That is why she is holds a grudge against the European mages." Eishun had lowered his head. "I thought we were inseparable friends, but 10 years ago he disappeared. No one knows where is now, or even what he is doing. I'm sorry that I don't know any more than that."

"It's okay. Just by being here makes me feel really good."

"If all of you are done let's take a picture!" Kazumi shouted as she neared the room. "I've taken one of every other group, but almost forgot yours!" The entire group came together along with Negi and Gohan and took a photo, commemorating their time there at Kyoto.



* * *



Later that day…

On the train ride home everyone from 3-A was asleep even Negi and Gohan. Shizuna and Nitta stood at the front of the aisle as they inspected the train car. "Well well it looks like the noisy class of 3-A is finally becomes quiet," Niita said.

"Awww, look…sleeping like little angels," said Shizuna as she passed by some of the seats. "Those two especially." She pointed to where Negi and Asuna were seating as Negi sleeping on top of Asuna's lap. "Cute couple, huh?"

"They're more like brother and sister," responded Gohan as he suddenly came behind Nitta and Shizuna, scaring the two.

"Gohan-sensei!" Shizuna exclaimed. "Please don't do that again."

"I'm sorry," Gohan said with his Son grin. "I was just passing by and wondered what you two were looking at. Is that a problem?"

"No, no problem," said Nitta as he pushed up his glasses and walked by the demi-Saiyan.

"Gohan-sensei," Shizuna said, bringing Gohan's attention to her. "There is something that you left at the hotel."

"Something that I left?" Gohan asked as he blinked a couple of times. What could he have forgotten?

"Here it is," Shizuna pulled out a card that featured Gohan in his Kame uniform in the front. Gohan immediately went wide-eyed. Is this a pactio card?

"Shizuna-sensei, where did you get that?" Gohan asked.

"The receptionist gave it to me," replied Shizuna. "She had found it when inspecting the lobby the other day. She gave it to me, unsure if it one of the children's cards but once I saw your picture on it, I thought it was yours. Isn't it?"

"Y-Yes, it's mine. I'm glad that you found it Shizuna-sensei. I have been looking everywhere for it," lied Gohan. Although he hated lying, this was a special case for Gohan. Shizuna nodded and smile as she gave him the card. She then walked away to check up on the other cars. Gohan in the meantime, took up his empty seat. He then proceeded to check the card. How in the world did I get a pactio? pondered Gohan. It doesn't matter right now. When I get back, I am going to have to inspect this more closely and personally. I don't want to grab anyone's attention especially Chamo-san. I just hope nothing bad will happen soon.



* * *



Meanwhile, in the Eastern Galaxy

On a rocky planet, an ocarina fell to the ground. There stood a young boy with jade eyes, a red Mohawk on his head, wearing a very unique outfit, in the middle of a canyon. He was holding his sword that laid in his back like he was prepared to draw against some opponent. In the background, loud poundings were heard, scaring the boy a little bit. Until finally, a loud pound was heard right behind him.

The boy drew his sword, ready to attack his enemy. However, a huge tail came crashing down next to him, forcing him to dodge it. He readied his sword to attack but it was too late. A huge foot slammed down at his position. "HYAAHHHH!" The boy screamed as he was smashed into oblivion.

The sword went flying in the opposite direction as it crashed onto the ground. The dark large figure that killed the boy, stood there and then in a second with a gust of wind and smoke, the figure disappeared. Looking from above, the figure left a huge footprint that looked like that of a bird but larger…much larger.

A voice boomed across the area, laughing evilly and manically. "Hahaha!" said the voice. "Now, to Earth!"



* * *



Author's note: Cliffhanger! I always loved when stories had a cliffhanger. However, I hated the wait though since I am not a very patient person. But, in this case, I am going to be evil and let you wait for the next chapter. MUAHAHAHAHA! I have to collect some data for the next few chapters and also, it will give some time for my beta to finishing reading my chapters. So there won't be a chapter for three weeks. I'm very sorry! Don't hate me for it. If I feel it is a good time to come back, I may do it earlier but for right now, "Saiyan in Mahora" will be back in three weeks.

But anyways, I hoped you liked the finish of the Kyoto arc. Eva will interact more with Gohan as they have different views on training but also some similar views too, especially with the training that Piccolo did for Gohan when he was four years old. Oh and kudos to those who can figure out what scene the cliffhanger is from.

Again, I want to reiterate this for the last time. If you are reading the last chapter instead of reading the series like you normally should and are curious about Gohan's transformations, there is an announcement at the bottom of Chapter 4 that explains in detail about the transformations. Please read it! (Or just simply read the story starting from chapter 1)

Let's not forget...the Glossary!

CHOBAKURETSUMAHA : An attack from Piccolo's arsenal. It is known as the Hyper Explosive Demon Wave. It was used during the fight between Piccolo (not Daimao) and Goku in the Tenkaichi Budokai.

ULTIMATE KAMEHAME-HA: Gohan used this attack in his Mystic form during the battle against Super Buu with Gotenks absorbed.

Let me know what you guys thought of the chapter and the arc. I really like reading your reviews! See you guys in three weeks (or maybe sooner)! Peace!





*Chapter 11*: Son Gohan Nervous!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. Dragon Ball belongs to Akira Toriyama and Negima! Magister Negi Magi belongs to Ken Akamatsu.

Author's note: Hey everybody! I'm back and early too! YAY! I saw that many authors were updating their popular series so I wanted to participate in it as well by updating my series.

Sorry for the break but I needed it. I wanted to take the opportunity to write more chapters and try to post them up every Sunday since summer is just right around the corner. Which means more people will have time to read it and I want to give them something to read (I guess it is part of the English teacher in me that wants people to read more). And also it gave my beta more time to review more chapters. So I want to thank naioka1992 for beta-reading this chapter.

I also want to give out a well deserved kudos to SonicAnime2010 for guessing the cliffhanger scene correctly. Well done my friend! And to everyone else as well. Great job and keep reviewing! I really enjoy reading them!

Now here is the chapter we all have been waiting for (especially in seeing a certain character's mom come into play)! So, I present to you chapter 11 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 11: Son Gohan Nervous! The Son Family Arrives!

Gohan was sitting down looking at his card that received from Shizuna. Ever since he had gotten back from the trip in Kyoto, Gohan has been studying the card nonstop. Based on his observations and research through studying Negi and the others was that a pactio card was formed when a contract was established between a Minister and Magister and usually was done through a kiss. This would be a good thing for Gohan except for one thing: Negi is the only Magister that he knows!

Could it be that he, Gohan, had accidentally kissed Negi? Gohan shook his head as he tried to eliminate those dirty thoughts. No! There is no way that could have happened. I would have definitely remembered it. But right now, that wasn't as important as what the pactio card contained. He studied the picture as well. The picture contained him in his Kai uniform that Kibito had given him when he visited the Higashi no Kaioshin but also had him holding a sword. I didn't notice it before but the sword kind of looks familiar.

After much thought and deliberation, Gohan stood up and held out the pactio card in front of him. "I think it's time that we saw what the artifact is," he muttered. "Adeat!" A bright light shined in front, making him shield his eyes from the brightness.

Once the light subsided, Gohan opened his eyes and felt his hand heavy. He looked down and saw a sword in his hand. It was very heavy. Gohan tried to lift it up but had some difficulty as he started to move around unbalanced all over the place. While doing so, he accidentally tore pieces of the wall and closet as well as partially destroyed the television in the room. "Ah crap," he said as he tried to regain his balance. This is exactly like the Zeta sword…wait…Gohan then realized something. "This is the Zeta Sword!" he yelled excitedly. "But how did I get this? I know that the Zeta sword was broken and Ro Kaioshin-sama was released from it, so how can it be here in my hands?"

Gohan pondered a bit but was taken back into reality when the sword started to get heavier and heavier until finally, he had to let it go. When he did, the sword landed on the floor with such force that it shook the entire building causing many people to be shaken out of their beds. As a result, Gohan started to hear the girls waking up and some of them crying due to them being woken up early. One voice in particular he wished he didn't hear was from…Asuna.



* * *



In Asuna and Konoka's room, Asuna had just woken up, not because of Negi being right next to her but because of the shaking. She got up and looked around to see if it was Negi who had woken her up from such a nice dream that involved Takahata-sensei. She immediately saw that Negi was right next to her, snugging her body. She, most of the time, would kick the living crap out of Negi for doing such a thing; however, she had a new target: Son Gohan. If there is to be a quake, Gohan has to be involved in it somehow, she said to herself angrily. Wait till I get my hands on you Gohan! I am so going to hurt you for ruining such a good dream.



* * *



Back in his room, Gohan immediately felt the killing intent coming from Asuna. "Crap," he said as he tried to figure out on how he was going to get out of this. He tried to pull up the sword but couldn't. It was too heavy! He definitely needed to transform into a Super Saiyan, however that appeared unlikely as the amount force to lift the sword from the floor might cause some collateral damage. He started to sweat nervously as he tried to figure on how to get rid of the evidence, until finally he remembered something. "Wait, didn't Chamo-san say that to put away the artifact, you had to say Abeat." Suddenly, a bright light shone on the floor as a ball of light engulfed the sword, transforming it back into the pactio card.

The card descended slowly to the ground as it landed softly with Gohan sitting down. He let out a sigh of relief. "Good, glad's that over. Now I have to clean up this mess before…OH NO! I am going to be late! I was supposed to meet with the headmaster!" He had just seen the watch that was in his room and saw that it was close to the appointed time. He grabbed his clothes, immediately changed and dashed out of the room, without even cleaning it up. Oh how he would regret not cleaning up.



* * *



At the same time…

"Goten! Goten! Where are you?" screamed a woman. She was an average height woman who had dark black hair tied into a bun. She wore a yellow Chinese dress with a purple cloth tied on the back. She was looking around for someone as she searched the main district of Mahora Academy. "Where could have he gone? And why isn't he looking for him instead of fighting? Seriously, his son is missing and all he cares is about fighting," said the woman as she continued to search around the campus.



* * *



Meanwhile, in front of the steps, Negi, Asuna and Konoka were running up the street as usual to get to classes. "Right! Let's have at it, then," yelled Negi as he ran ahead of Asuna and Konoka. "Midterms are coming up, so good luck on your studies, Asuna-san!"

"Y-Yeah, I know, okay?" Asuna responded.

Negi smiled. Today was a good day for him. Come to think of it, Evangeline-san said she'd be testing me, too. This Saturday I think. But what test is there to see if you can be a disciple…? Negi shook his head and clenched his fist in excitement. Between my duties as a teacher and my own training to become stronger, it's going to be hard, but I'm up for it especially if it means becoming a master magi and catching up to my father...and to Gohan-san. As the three of them ran, there was a commotion going on close to the seat areas outside for lunch. "What's going on down there?" Negi asked.

Negi took a detour and went down the stairs. Asuna called Negi back, but decided to follow him with Konoka in tow. Once they got downstairs, they saw a young girl surrounded by menacing strong men. Negi blinked a few times until he finally recognized the figure as…"Ku Fei-san?" Negi started to freak out. A student was about to get her ass handed to her. He needed to do something. "Ku Fei-san is surrounded by bad guys!"

"But this happens every day de-gozaru," Kaede said as she came up next to Negi, Asuna and Konoka. "Chubuken Captain Ku Fei is today's sure favorite to win."

"EHH?" All of them replied as all them watched the 'bad guys' approach Ku Fei.

Kaede continued as Ku Fei proceeded to beat each one pretty badly with Negi, Asuna and Konoka in awe. "Ku's already won most of the school's martial arts tournament, so every day, they pretty much line up to challenge her."

"Really?" Negi asked. She is really strong. Maybe she can help me if Gohan-san can't help me with my training.

"You weak-aru!" yelled Ku Fei as she stood in the middle of the beaten down opponents in her Chinese martial art pose. "Come on, isn't there anyone stronger-aru?"

"I like to take that challenge!" yelled a voice. Everyone that was present, which included Negi, Asuna, Konoka and Kaede, turned their heads towards the direction of the voice. The voice had come from a tall male. He had the spikiest hair that anyone has ever seen as every strand of hair went in every direction. He wore a martial arts dogi which consisted of orange baggy pants, a blue belt, orange tank-top with a blue tank-top underneath it. He also wore blue wristbands and blue boots with a yellow rope tied on it. The orange tank-top had two symbols on it: A small symbol with the character for kame (turtle) on the bottom corner of the shirt and a larger symbol with the same character on the back. He had the biggest grin on his face. Negi, Asuna and Konoka noted that the grin was similar to another dark haired man that they knew.

"Are you sure-aru?" Ku Fei asked.

"Sure," said the man as he started to stretch. "I'm dying for a spar." The man had the biggest grin on his face as he got into a fighting stance. The air was silent around them. Negi and Asuna were gaping at the situation that was developing right in front of them.

"Shouldn't we stop Ku Fei-san?" Negi asked. "She could really hurt that man! I am going to stop them!"

"Wait Negi!" Asuna yelled as she tried to stop Negi from getting in between the two fighters. Bad idea. However, she didn't have to do anything as the man and Ku Fei began their sparring and clashed with each other. As a result of the clash, a strong wind emanated from them which caused Negi to back off.

Negi landed on the floor with a thud. While scratching his back from the pain of landing on the floor hard, he looked up and saw the two fighting at very fast speeds. The man jumped forward at speed. Throwing his left fist, Ku Fei dodged to the side. Then Ku Fei attacked with his left, the dark haired man caught it and later attacked with his elbow, which was blocked by Ku Fei's arm.

Then Ku Fei threw a kick but the dark haired man dodged it with his forearm. Suddenly the man disappeared catching everyone by surprise except for Kaede and Ku Fei, whom started to look around for his presence. The man then appeared behind and tried to hit at the back. Ku Fei ducked and tried to kick with the man dodging it.

Ku Fei leapt and threw a kick at the man's head, which he blocked. The shockwave shook the entire area. The man examined his forearm, finding it throbbing from the attack. Ku Fei spun and punched the man in the face, sending him flying backwards and into the ground. A crater appeared in the floor as the man lay there, motionless.

"Oh my goodness!" screamed Negi with a panic. "He is out cold! We should…" Negi stopped talking when he saw the man slowly climbed to all fours, grinning.

"This is really exciting," he said. Just then, Ku Fei shot over him. The dark haired man phased out of the way of the punch and reappeared behind Ku Fei, jumping back away from the girl. Ku Fei turned and spotted the man directly behind her. She let out a grin as she threw a flurry of attacks, all of which the man dodged or blocked.

Finally, the man landed with his back to Ku Fei. The Chinese martial artist took advantage of the situation, throwing a punch at the dark haired man's head, but the man leaned out of the way and caught Ku Fei's arm. He then tried to throw her in the air, but Ku Fei was able to counter the throw by jumping over the man. She launched at him and the two began to trade even more blows.

The two warriors then suddenly phased out of sight, gaping holes appearing on the floor, the stand walls, and the roofs of the nearby buildings. Everyone stood in awe at watching the fight. But what was more surprising for Negi that the two warriors were grinning like mad. They were enjoying the fight. After a skidding punch close to their faces, the two of them jumped back, putting some distance between the two. The two of them got into their fighting stance as everyone gaped at the scene they were watching.

"Hey Negi, doesn't that man's fighting remind you of someone?" Asuna asked.

"You're right Asuna-san. That man's fighting style is similar to…" But before he could finish the sentence, Negi turned his head towards the clock tower and saw the time. "OH NO! We are going to be late!" screamed Negi.

"EHH?" said the students.

The man let out a sigh of disappointment. "Man, the fighting was just getting good." He turned his attention to Ku Fei. "You should get going to class."

"Aru…" pouted Ku Fei. "I wanted to keep the fight going-aru since you are stronger than the Great Singing Man."

The man blinked a few times. "Great Singing Man?"

Ku Fei nodded. "That's right-aru! Which means that you have to marry me-aru."

"What?" screamed the dark haired man as he waved his hands in protest. "I-I'm actually married. I'm sure that the Great Singing Man is much stronger than me," the man said. "Which reminds me that I have to find Chi-Chi before she kills me! We'll fight again soon!" The man said as he waved goodbye as he ran towards the opposite direction. Ku Fei waved back and went running with Negi and the group back to the school before they got late.



* * *



"Who do you think that guy was Negi?" Asuna asked as they walked in the hallways.

"I'm not sure," replied Negi. "But we should be careful, he may be an enemy. Especially with him being so strong." But this was a good opportunity for me to watch Ku Fei-san fight. I have to ask her later. "I will see you ladies in the classroom later."

"Okay Negi-kun," waved Konoka as Negi walked ahead towards the teacher's room. She then turned to Asuna. "You know Asuna, that man bore a very close resemblance to Gohan-kun."

"You're right Konoka," Asuna said. "I guess we will have to ask him later." She and Konoka opened the door to the classroom. They immediately saw all the girls huddling around one area. "Hey what's going on?"

"Asuna-san," Setsuna said. "You are not going to believe this but I think we found a lost child."

"Huh?" Asuna moved some of the girls out of the way. Once she got to her destination, her eyes turned wide as she saw a small boy of eight years old. The weirdest thing though was that this young boy was bearing the same appearance as the tall man that Ku Fei was fighting. He was wearing the same colors as the adult version that she saw earlier.

"Isn't he so cute?" Misa said with a smile as she patted the head of the young boy.

"He sure is," said Chizuru.

"He isn't as cute as Negi-sensei," muttered Ayaka with a blush.

"What's going on here?" yelled Asuna as she got up to the boy's face. "Is this a joke? We just saw you earlier and now you are here! What the hell are you?" She really didn't like little kids.

"Asuna, you're scaring him," Konoka said. She then bent down and smiled to the shaken boy. "Hello, I'm Konoe Konoka, what's your name?"

"Goten," replied the boy.

"Goten-chan, are you lost?"

"Nope, I'm just waiting for Onii-chan," Goten said with a grin.

"Onii-chan? How do you know you will find him here?" Asuna asked.

"Because I felt his ki here," replied Goten.

"Ki? Wait you don't mean…" Before Asuna could finish that sentence, Negi and Gohan came into the room. Nodoka led all of the class to greet Negi. And before Negi could say something, a certain voice screamed out.

"Onii-chan!" screamed Goten as he jumped up and went to hug Gohan. Gohan, who was still thinking about the pactio, didn't see Goten come in until the last minute.

"Goten!" Gohan put his arms up to try to stop him, but it was too late as Goten came in hard in his hug. The amount of power behind the hug forced Gohan to lose his balance and both of them went through the wall. Everyone except for those who knew about Gohan's abilities were completely shocked, including some people who were walking in the hallways.

"Onii-chan!" Goten yelled and hugged Gohan fiercely.

Gohan patted his head and tried to pry him off, without success. "Hey Goten." He put on a brotherly grin. Some of the girls went all gaga over this brotherly scene.

"They look so cute," Konoka said.

"Umm, Gohan-sensei?" said Haruna.

"Yeah, Haruna-san," replied Gohan.

"How did you break the wall?" Everyone was curious as well. Gohan flinched immediately. He was going to reprimand Goten later for this.

"Ummm…." Think, Gohan, think. "There were termites in the wall….and…the wall was already weak, right Negi-san?"

"U-Umm, right!" Negi said as he let out a laugh and scratched the back of his neck nervously. Gohan let out a sigh of relief. He was thankful that Negi was able to pick that up and continue with it. However, there was another issue at hand.

"Goten, what are you doing here?" Gohan asked.

"We came to visit you since you haven't been at home for so long," replied the little Goten with his usual grin.

"Oh good," said Gohan with a sigh. Wait, did he say 'we'? "Goten, is Mom here too?"

"Yup!" Goten nodded.

Gohan immediately flinched. "Oh no!" he said, catching everyone in the classroom by surprise.

"Gohan-kun, what's wrong?"

"My mom is here!" Gohan started to panic. He had completely forgotten to tell her about being the dorm manager for the girl's dormitory. She was going to flip and she was going to get even angrier once she found out that Gohan was fighting again. Gohan hoped that she didn't bring her legendary frying pan of doom.

"Gohan!" Gohan immediately flinched. He knew that voice from anywhere. He turned around and saw the same woman from earlier that was looking around for a lost boy.

"Hi Mom!" Gohan said with a nervous sweat running down his face.

Chi-Chi walked in and gasped. "Goten! What did I tell you about running off like that? You had me worried there."

"That's okay, we were able to find him after he got lost," said Shiina, trying to warm up to the mother of her affections.

"I wasn't worried that he got lost," replied Chi-Chi. "I was more worried about the damages that he could have caused." Everyone sweat-dropped. "Goten, I taught you better than this! This place is a mess! You know you are not supposed to fight with your brother."

"I'm sorry Mom," Goten said.

"So Gohan, this is your class?" Chi-Chi asked as she looked around the classroom.

"Yeah, this is my class," Gohan said with a nervous grin. "Oh, Mom, let me introduce you to Negi Springfield, the teacher that I am assisting."

"Nice to meet you Son-san," Negi said as he bowed politely to Chi-Chi.

Chi-Chi in the meantime looked from Negi to Gohan, Gohan to Negi, Negi to Gohan and finally said, "Isn't he a little too young to be teaching? He is almost the same age as Goten."

"That's not true!" Ayaka yelled as she rushed in to protect her sensei. "Negi-sensei is a very matured and awesome teacher whom I have a lot of respect for."

"Respect for him, yeah right," muttered Asuna.

"What did you say Senior citizen lover?" Ayaka turned around angrily.

"You heard me cradle robber!" Asuna yelled back angrily.

"That's it!" Ayaka yelled as she went to fight with Asuna. A cat fight had erupted in front of Gohan and his family. Negi panickly tried to stop the fight but was brushed off aside as always. Gohan could only look on with a face of embarrassment and nervousness. Goten in the meantime started to smile and clap his hands.

"Fight! Fight! This is the best class ever Nii-chan," Goten said excitedly.

"Gohan, don't tell me this happens every day?" Chi-Chi said. Gohan nodded nervously. He knew what was coming next. Chi-Chi breathe in and screamed so loudly with a menacing aura surrounding her and taken out her frying pan, "WHAT YOU ARE DOING? LADIES ARE NOT SUPPOSED TO ACT LIKE THAT, ESPECIALLY IN GOHAN'S CLASS! GET BACK INTO YOUR SEATS!" Immediately, everyone stopped as they started to sweat nervously when they heard Chi-Chi scream. They then immediately went back to their seats and sat still as they didn't want to further incur the wrath of Gohan's mom. "That's much better. See Gohan, now you won't have to worry about this anymore," she said with a devilish smile. All the girls began to sweat-drop at the sight. What kind of mom is that? Everyone thought.

Gohan let out a sigh of relief. "Hey Mom, where is Dad?"

Chi-Chi let out a grunt. "I have no idea where he is. Knowing him, he is probably fighting off somewhere. I swear Goku is so much trouble."

Gohan laughed nervously. Just like always Mom, he said to himself. Just then someone else walked through the door. Everyone turned their attention to the door and saw the figure entering. Asuna flinched. "Wait, isn't that…"

"Hey Gohan!" The man said cheerily and slapped Gohan's back.

"Hey Dad!" Gohan smiled at him.

"DAD?" Asuna, Konoka, Ku Fei and some of the other girls yelled.

"Where have you been Goku-sa?" Chi-Chi asked menacingly.

Goku flinched. "I'm sorry Chi-Chi, I kind of got lost on the way here."

"Knowing you, you were off fighting again, weren't you?" Chi-Chi said.

Goku let out his Son grin. "You got me Chi-Chi. But you wouldn't believe the fighter that I just fought. She was amazing and had such skill and…" Before Goku could continue, he coincidentally turned his head and saw Ku Fei in the back rows of the classroom. "It's you!"

"Aru? You're that man that I fought earlier! Let's continue our fight-aru!" Ku Fei then got into a fighting stance as she stood on the table. Goku did the same thing as he crouched in his fighting stance. The room was quiet except for the occasional sigh from either Gohan or Chi-Chi. Well, mostly from Chi-Chi.

"Gohan," Chi-Chi interrupted the discussion. "Who are these young girls?" Chi-Chi looked at them suspiciously. The girls in the classroom suddenly became and looked very uncomfortable especially when a fight between Goku and Ku Fei was about to break out right in front of them. They could only guess what Gohan's mother was thinking about them right now after seeing the riot earlier. Fortunately, Gohan spoke up for them before they had to say anything.

"These are my students Mom. Class 3-A, meet my family: my mom, Son Chi-Chi, my younger brother Son Goten and my dad Son Goku," Gohan said he motioned them to the class.

"Good Morning!" said the class as they stood up and bowed politely to the Son family. As soon as the girls sat down, some whispers began to be heard. Some of them involved on how cute Goten was and comparing him to Gohan. Others were mentioning about how they were going to win affection of Gohan's mom as it was a common belief that if a woman won the heart of the mother, she had won the son. Suddenly, a loud grumble interrupted the silence.

Everyone immediately turned to Gohan, who they thought was the one who made the grumbling noise. But in fact it was… "Sorry," laughed Goku and Goten as they scratched the back of their necks. "I guess we are hungry." Everyone faceplanted. What kind of family was this?

"I knew it," Chi-Chi said. "Well come on, let's get going. I'll cook some food. Gohan, where is your apartment?"

"Oh here Mom," Gohan said as he wrote the directions on a piece of paper and handed it to her.

"Yay! Food!" Goten yelled excitedly as he and Chi-Chi walked out the door of the classroom.

"Hey Gohan, are you going to join us?" Goku asked.

"Sorry Dad but I can't. I'll meet you guys for lunch though. Save some for me," Gohan said as he was starting to get hungry too.

"Sure thing Gohan," Goku said he left out the door and shut it behind him. After the door was shut, Gohan turned around and let out a smile.

"Okay, let's back to class," Gohan said with a big Son grin. "Negi-san if you would?"

"Of course Gohan-san," Negi said and started to do the day's lesson. Mid-terms were approaching and the girls were going to need all the information that they could get to pass especially the 5 Baka Rangers. Negi and Gohan were going to help them the best they could to pass the mid-terms and achieve the highest score in the school. However, they failed to realize that a certain motivational factor was coming into play.



* * *



At lunch break…

Gohan let out a sigh of relief. His work day was over finally. Now he needed to get back to his room and…his room! "Oh no!" he yelled with a panic. He had completely forgotten that he left his room in such a rush that he didn't clean up his room. Mom is going to flip! What I am going to do? Gohan started to run in the hallways but not at his usual speeds. He didn't want to draw unnecessary attention after the episode of Goten hugging him through a wall.

As he ran, he went past a few of the unsuspecting girls and Negi as well causing them to turn their heads. "Wasn't that Gohan-kun?" Konoka asked.

"Yeah, but why is he running so fast and so nervously?" Asuna responded.

"Maybe it has to do with his mother here," Negi pondered.

"Or maybe he was just hungry like he usually is," Asuna responded dismissively.

"We should check it out," Konoka said worryingly. "Gohan-kun may need our help."

Negi nodded in agreement. "You're right Konoka-san. He may need our help. Let's go Asuna-san."

"Why does this keep happening to me?" muttered Asuna as she followed Konoka and Negi out of the building and towards Gohan's direction.



* * *



After a few minutes of running, Gohan finally reached the dormitories. He ran through the front gate, saying hi to the security guard that was present and went straight to his room. Once he arrived to the front door of his room, Gohan took in a deep breath and readied himself what the consequences. He opened the door and he unexpectedly found something interesting…His room had been cleaned up. But how? He wondered. Could have his mom done it for him? That would be highly unlikely.

As he continued to wonder on how his room was cleaned up so well, his nose started to tingle due to a smell coming from the kitchen. He walked over to the kitchen and saw his mom cooking huge patches of food on the stove. "Hi Mom!" Gohan said with a nervous smile and a gulp, fearing the worst.

"Gohan! You're back!" Chi-Chi said with a smile as she continued cooking. "I am very impressed by how tidy and clean your apartment was."

"Really?" Gohan said in disbelief. How is this possible? Gohan said to himself. I know I left my room in a mess and the floor was damaged. So how did it get cleaned up? Gohan decided to let it go for now, since the only person who knew of him living in here was the headmaster and Negi. He would ask the headmaster later. "Hey Mom, where is Dad and Goten?"

"Oh they are outside," Chi-Chi said with a sigh. "Goten-chan wanted to do a bit of sparring since he didn't get to fight anyone like your father did. I swear, this whole family only thinks of fighting."

Gohan let out a nervous laugh. That's Mom alright. "Okay, I'll go check on them." He dropped his stuff and went outside the dormitories. Once outside at the front gate, Gohan looked around for Goku and Goten. He couldn't see them and so he went the other option, sensing their ki. He closed his eyes and tried sensing them out.

Behind some bushes, Negi, Asuna, Konoka and Chamo began to wonder on what was going on as they saw Gohan come out of the dormitories and closing his eyes. "What is Gohan-kun doing?" Konoka whispered.

"I'm not sure actually Konoka," responded Asuna. "But any case, there is no trouble here. Why don't we head back?"

"I'm not," Negi said firmly.

"Why not Aniki?" Chamo asked.

"Well, Gohan-san usually closes his eyes to sense people's ki," Negi replied. "That is what he told me and also based on my observations. If he is doing that, then maybe there is some trouble."

"We should help Gohan-kun then," Konoka said with a smile. Asuna let out a sigh. Once Konoka was on a mission, there was no stopping her.

Gohan continued standing still with his eyes closed for a few more seconds until finally. "There they are," he said as he flew into the sky. Asuna, Konoka, Negi and Chamo all watched as Gohan flew.

"Let's follow him," Konoka said as she pulled Asuna's and Negi's arms towards Gohan direction. They continued to follow Gohan until he finally touched down. The four of them went behind some bushes and watched Gohan look up in the sky.

"What is Gohan doing?" Asuna asked.

"I'm not sure," Negi said as he closely watched what Gohan was doing.

"He is watching a sparring match," a voice said. Everyone turned around and saw that it was Setsuna who had spoken.

"Se-chan, what are you doing here?" Konoka asked.

"I would ask the same thing Konoka-ojou-sama," Setsuna replied. "What are you all doing here?"

"Konoka-san thought that Gohan-san might be in danger, so we followed him here," Negi responded.

"Gohan-kun had a look of nervousness," Konoka said. "I was worried." Setsuna let out a sigh. She looked at Asuna with the girl's face saying 'I tried to stop them.' "So who is fighting?"

"I'm not sure," Setsuna said. "I can't see the figures very clearly. They are going very fast." All of them turned their attention to the shockwaves and fists clashing. In the sky, they could see two blurs popping in and out of sight. One of which was a man dressed in orange and blue. The second was a miniature version of the other. Both of them were working hard, their shouts evident over the racket they were creating. Flashing in and out of super speed, both combatants hammered away at each other, focusing all their base power into this duel and pushing their training to their limits. It was hard work, and they could see that.

Goku backed up, taking the defensive. In a split second, Goten came at him with a powerful right punch. The attack connected with Goku's parry, the resounding shock waves kicking at the skies. Goten followed up this attack with a deadly combination of kicks and punches, these ones forcing Goku back ever so slowly through the air. Both of them growled with each and every effort put into the littlest of offensive and defensive techniques. Goten had Goku on the ropes, his fists pounding into Goku's arms. Then after putting a significant amount of force into putting his father back, Goten came in with a fast combination of two punches, both of which Goku parried away, but was unable to block the hook that came afterwards. This was closely followed by an elbow across the face. Goten then rammed a left roundhouse kick and then a right kick across Goku's face.

Goku backed off a bit and let out a smirk. He then disappeared from their sight as well as Goten. Negi, Asuna, Konoka, Setsuna and Chamo all looked around to find the two warriors but no luck. The only thing that they could use to pinpoint their location was the shockwaves emanating from the clashes. Asuna looked over to Gohan and saw him smiling. Why is he smiling? Does everyone in his family love to fight? She wondered.

Gohan let out a sigh and yelled, "Dad, Goten, I think that is enough. The food is ready!"

Once he mentioned the word food, Goten and Goku appeared out of nowhere on the ground. Goten and Goku were salivating a bit. "Really, food is ready Onii-chan?" Goten asked.

Gohan nodded. "Yup! Why don't you go and help Mom okay?"

Goten smiled. "Yay! Yay!" With that, he went off running to the apartment. Goku was about to do the same thing but stopped himself. He looked around the area.

"Hey Gohan, aren't those your students over there?" Goku asked as he pointed with his finger towards the spot where Negi, Konoka, Setsuna, Asuna and Chamo were hiding.

"Huh?" Gohan blinked. He turned his head to see where his dad was pointing at. His dad was never wrong about ki signatures in the area so Gohan decided to check it out. And guess what, Goku was right. "Hey." Everyone flinched as they tried to hide their presence as best they could so not to be spotted. "What are you guys doing here?" Gohan asked.

"We were worried about you Gohan-san," Negi replied.

"Worried? About what?" Gohan said.

"You had a worried face when you were running in the hallways of the academy," Konoka said. "We wanted to make sure that you were alright, Gohan-kun. You looked nervous all day."

Gohan started to chuckle. "What's so funny?" Asuna yelled. "These guys were worried about you. They thought that you were in trouble."

"I originally thought that I was, but not anymore," Gohan said with a laugh. All of them looked at each other, figuring out what was making Gohan laugh.

"Hey Gohan," Goku said as he walked up to his older son, "c'mon what's the hold up? Food is ready!" He then turned his attention to the group in front of Gohan. He moved his head, curious to know who these people were, even though he had met them when he entered the classroom. "Who are they?"

"Dad, don't you remember them?" Gohan asked. He immediately regretted asking the question as his father was going to say what he usually says.

"Nope, can't remember," Goku replied with his Son grin.

"I'm glad that you're not a teacher," Gohan muttered. "Well , these are people from my class. The little one is Negi Springfield, the teacher of the class."

Negi bowed to Goku politely. "How do you do Son-san?"

"Wow. This little guy is a teacher. What is he a mage?" Goku asked.

Negi immediately flinched but was calmed by Gohan. "Don't worry Negi-san, my dad is very dependable person. He won't tell a soul." Negi let out a sigh of relief.

"So who are the girls?" Goku asked.

"This is Asuna-san." Gohan motioned to her. "And this is Konoka-san, her roommate. They are currently living with Negi-san."

"Not of our own free will of course," Konoka said with a warm smile and a giggle.

"Damn right! Who would want to live with such a brat?" Asuna said she hit Negi on the head.

"Oww…Asuna-san," Negi said with a pout.

"This is Setsuna-san," Gohan said as he mentioned to her as she stood behind Konoka. Setsuna politely bowed to Goku.

Goku then looked from Asuna to Gohan, back to Konoka, back to Gohan, from Asuna to Gohan from Konoka to Gohan. Until what he was thinking finally formed into words. "So does this mean you not dating Videl anymore?"

Gohan fell to the floor. Konoka looked flabbergasted. Not so much because of what he said, but because she had never considered the idea that Gohan might already be dating someone. In one sentence, all her hopes were destroyed. He stood up, looking highly embarrassed. "Dad! We were never dating to begin with!" Konoka smiled at that comment. Feeling her hopes come back to her. And some reason, Asuna and Setsuna were feeling the same thing but they brushed it aside.

"Oh well! Let's get some food! I'm starving!" Goku said as he walked back to the dormitories. He looked back to the group and asked, "Aren't you going to invite them Gohan? The more, the merrier!"

Gohan blushed a bit as he turned his attention to the group. "Ummm…would you guys like to come and eat lunch with us?" Gohan asked as he scratched the back of his neck nervously.

And before Asuna could say no, Konoka interrupted her and everyone else by saying, "Yes. We would love to have lunch with your family. Right everyone?" She then sent a menacing glare that was uncharacteristic of Konoka's nice smiles. Everyone flinched at the unexpected change of personality of Konoka and sweated nervously. They nodded in agreement. "Good," Konoka said with her usual smile as she locked arms with Gohan and took him back to the dormitories with the group right behind the two.

Once inside, Gohan guided the group, which included Goku, through the building and then towards his room. He opened the door and everyone gasped at the sight. The room was big…very big, compared to their rooms. The room was worthy for a dorm supervisor.

Inside, the group heard a humming coming from the kitchen and noticed that it was Chi-Chi cooking up some delicious food based on the smell emanating from the kitchen. Konoka went over to the kitchen to see if Chi-Chi needed any help with anything. "Son-san, is there anything that I can do?" She asked with a smile.

Chi-Chi smiled back. "Not that I can think of, ehhh…"

"Konoka."

"Konoka-san. I have everything under control. Besides, you would need a lot of practice to feed these three," Chi-Chi said as she gestured to Goku, Goten and Gohan. "But you can help me set up the plates as Gohan brought company." Konoka let out a smile. It was nice that the whole family was here and she was getting to see another side of Gohan that not a lot of girls knew about. Or so she thought.



* * *



Outside of the window, Kazumi, Ayaka, Nodoka, Chizuru, Natsumi, Yue and Haruna spied on the unsuspecting group behind the tree. Kazumi was taking pictures and notes while Ayaka was clenching her fist in frustration. "Why is Negi-sensei there? If all he wanted was some lunch, I would have gladly given a meal worthy of a sensei."

"Yeah you would, so you could ensnare Negi-sensei?" Kazumi said as she continued to take pictures, more specifically on a smiling Gohan. She had hoped to eat lunch with Gohan but wasn't able to find him but thanks to a pesky ermine, she was able to find his apartment. However, she didn't plan on bringing an entourage with her.

"Nodoka, this is a sign," Yue said. "You need to start making meals for Negi-sensei."

"B-But I can't," Nodoka stuttered with a blush.

"Sure you can," Haruna said. "All you have to do is ask Negi-kun on what his favorite food is."

"F-F-Favorite food?" Nodoka blushed red at that point. She twiddled her fingers in nervousness.

"I don't understand why I am here?" Natsumi asked. "Why did you bring me here Chizuru-nee?"

"Well, you seemed kind of lonely so I wanted to bring you along," Chizuru said.

"But I…"

"You did seem lonely," Chizuru said with a devilish smile that if Natsumi said differently, it would mean punishment for her later. Especially with the spring onions.

"Quiet you guys, they are about to do something now," Kazumi said.



* * *



"Alright everyone the food is ready," Chi-Chi said. Goku and Goten sat at the dining table happily at the mention of food. In short order, the food was prepared and set out on the table. The group stood with their mouths open. There was enough food to feed a large army. Who were these people?

Chi-Chi sent menacing glares at all the boys to assure that they didn't start until everyone was at the table. "We have company here, so I expect you boys to eat in a CIVILIZED manner. Got it?" Goku and Goten shook their head vigorously, quickly to agree with her. Gohan mentally did the same thing too. He was starving as well.

Everyone took their seats and immediately, the three Sons went for the food, glopping it up. Setsuna, Asuna and Negi all stared at the spectacle while Chi-Chi calmly ate her food as so did Konoka. "It's nice to have the whole family together," Chi-Chi said with a smile.

"It sure is," Konoka agreed. Meanwhile, Asuna, Setsuna and Negi were all in disbelief as they watched Goku, Goten and Gohan eat large amounts of food like it was nothing. It was like watching Gohan eat his meals but adding two more. Oh well, they might as well eat some of the food before it is all gone. Chi-Chi then looked at Konoka who was eating right next to her with very proper manners.

"So Konoka-san, how is Gohan's teaching? I hope he is a good teacher." She looked at her with interest.

"He sure isn…" Asuna was about to say before being interrupted by Konoka.

"He sure is. After all, he was appointed by my grandfather," Konoka said.

"Your grandfather?" Chi-Chi asked. Gohan gulped his food as a nervous sweat was coming down the side of his face.

"That's right. He is the headmaster of Mahora Academy," Konoka said with a smile.

"Oh. That's nice." Chi-Chi said before taking a few more bites of her food. Gohan waited for the inevitable question that would pop out of his mother's mouth; the one that had popped out of his mother's mouth when Videl came over to his house to train and mentioned about how big her house was.

Chichi looked over at him. "So Gohan, are you planning to marry this girl?"

Gohan spat out some food after the comment was made. "Mom!" He sweat dropped.

"So does that mean I am getting a new sister?" Goten asked. Konoka didn't seem to bother by it, thankfully. She only smiled at him, giving the impression that she knew what was going on and knew how he felt. However, Asuna and Setsuna were feeling a bit jealous at the scene though they didn't know why. Especially on Asuna's part. Chi-Chi didn't miss it and let out a small smile.

After that brief embarrassing episode (mostly for Gohan), the room was silent as the three Sons continued to eat with a large stack of dirty dishes in front of them. Thankfully, Negi broke the awkward silence. "So, Chi-Chi-san, how did you and Goku-san meet?"

Chi-Chi blushed a bit as she remembered the scene very well. "We met during one of Goku-sa's adventures when he was a young boy. He promised to marry me when we were little. However, we didn't get to see each other until the Tenkaichi Budokai where I fought with Goku-sa. It was a match from heaven and of love."

"Yeah that's right, Mom," Goten said. "Because the kissy kissy stuff and fighting go together." Everyone that wasn't part of the Son family sweat-dropped immediately at the comment that Goten had just said.

"Anyways, Goku then proposed to me during the tournament and we were happily married that same day," Chi-Chi said with a blush on her face. "Ah, those were the days. Those were the happiest times of my life."

"Chi-Chi, can I have some more food?" Goku asked with his Son grin. Chi-Chi blinked a few times before realizing that Goku didn't even participate in the conversation.

"Get it yourself Goku-sa!" She angrily yelled.

Goku blinked a few times and turned to Gohan. "What did I do?" Goku asked. Gohan let out a sigh. This is Dad alright, Gohan said to himself with a smile on his face. Asuna and Setsuna immediately thought to themselves, What kind of family is this? The people outside were thinking the same thing as well. Natsumi couldn't help but see a similarity between Chizuru and Gohan's mom in their devilish smiles and menacing auras.

"Well, you guys should get going," Gohan said with a nervous smile. He didn't want to be further embarrassed by his family. "You wouldn't want to miss your classes."

"I don't know," Asuna said. "I'm thinking of skipping them." Chi-Chi's ear perked a bit. "I know that I am not going to do well in mid-terms so what is the point?"

"What is the point?" Chi-Chi muttered. Goku, Gohan and Goten immediately flinched as they started to back away from Chi-Chi once they saw the menacing aura that was surrounding her had appeared. "YOU SHOULD BE STUDYING AND GOING TO SCHOOL THAT'S WHAT! NO STUDENT OF GOHAN'S IS GOING TO FAIL THE MIDTERMS! Goku-sa, we are going to stay for a little longer."

Goten let out a smile. "Yay! Yay! We get to stay with Onii-chan longer."

"But why Chi-Chi?" Goku asked.

"Because, I am going to help them 'study'," Chi-Chi said. Gohan knew immediately what she meant by 'studying'.

"Ah, if you are going to help Asuna-san to study," Negi said naively, "You should help the other Baka Rangers." Gohan hit his head with the palm of his hand. Negi-san, you just signed a death sentence for those five girls!

"Baka Rangers?" Chi-Chi asked questioned, unsure on what the name meant.

"They are five students from the class who have low scores in every area and need help with some tutoring," Negi said.

"Oh, I see," Chi-Chi said with a soft chuckle. "I will help out these Baka Rangers in studying better. I also wanted to check out something else." She moved her eyes towards the window which caused the group outside to flinch and hide away. I see, Chi-Chi said to herself. Some of those girls are interested in Gohan. Well, we will have to see if they are really determined. Chi-Chi let out a devilish smile.

"Do you think she spotted us?" Ayaka asked.

"I'm not sure," Natsumi said. "But I get the feeling that I don't want to check it out."

"Okay, I will accept it," Asuna said. Goku and Gohan turned a bit wide-eyed. Goku started to feel bad for Asuna. "I need all the help that I can get. Besides, how bad can it be?"

Gohan let out a sigh of defeat. Poor girls, Gohan said to himself. I really hope none of them will hate me after one day of Mom's studying especially Asuna-san. Hope she doesn't kill me. However, he failed to realize that his mother was making other plans.



* * *



Author's note: Hey everybody, I hope you enjoyed the chapter! At first this was going to be one chapter but while writing it, more ideas were coming into mind and I didn't want to make a really long chapter (trust me, it was going to be a very long chapter and didn't want to torture you guys in reading such a long chapter). So I decided to make into separate chapters. Here is the glossary for those who don't know:

Tenkaichi Budokai: It is also known as the World Martial Arts Tournament in the English dub.

Higashi no Kaioshi: It translates into the Supreme Kai's planet or realm, whichever one you prefer.



Leave some reviews and I will see you all next week! Peace!





*Chapter 12*: Extreme Training!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. See chapter 1 for details.

Author's note: Hey everybody! Hope everyone enjoyed their week. I know I did especially when summer is just right around the corner. Can't wait for it. I love summer because of the nice weather. But it gets very humid in my area so it kinds of sucks at the same time. It gets really hot and humid, making my hair stand all out. I hate it!

You probably have noticed but I think I should mention this part. I will be skipping certain parts of the Negima canon manga. It's nothing personal but I can't fit in every little detail of the canon. It would just take too much time and too much space for the chapters. So I'll put only parts of the Negima canon that I think would fit best with the story that I am telling. If you get lost on certain points, you can always go back to the manga as a reference point. I just wanted to make that clear right now since all chapters from 11 and onwards will follow this similar format. Thanks for understanding. :)

Anyways, I want thank naioka1992 for being my beta and reading this chapter. I would also like to thank you all you readers for reviewing and favoriting this story! Without your support, I may not have continued with this series as much. Also, I enjoyed reading all of your reviews, especially ones concerning Chi-Chi. I laughed when reading them. They were good. Also, congratulations to Wajinator for being the 100th reviewer! Thank you for your awesome support! So, as a reward for your continuous awesome support as well everyone else's, I present to you guys Chapter 12 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 12: Extreme Training! Show Your Determination Negi Springfield!

"I am so going to kill Gohan," Asuna said tiredly. It was the day after she had agreed the tutoring from Chi-Chi, Gohan's mom. It was six in the evening and she was dead tired. Now she realized why Gohan and Goku were having some nervous sweats when discussing about the tutoring. "Gohan knew about this and had let me walk right into it," she said, clenching her fist in rage. "The next time I see him, I will let him know the definition of pain."

She entered into the dormitories and went to her corresponding floor. Once she got to her dorm room, she opened the door. "I'm home," she said as she took off her shoes. As she was taking off her shoes, she started to hear murmurs coming from the living room. She walked in and saw some of the girls from her class talking and surrounding the main table that stood in the middle of the room. "What's going on?" Asuna asked as she walked in.

"Asuna, what are you doing here?" Konoka asked.

"Well, this is my room isn't it?" Asuna said with a confused look on her face. She scanned the room and saw that Chizuru, Haruna, Setsuna, Yuna, Kazumi, Ku Fei, Kaede, Misa, and Shiina were present. Why are they all here? "Is it me or is there something going on?" she asked.

"So you didn't get the memo?" Konoka asked.

"What memo? What are you talking about?" Asuna responded. But before anyone could respond, the doorbell rang.

"I wonder who that could be at the door," Konoka said as she went to the door to answer it. As soon as she opened it, she realized who it was. It was a woman, namely…Son Chi-Chi. "Chi-Chi-san?"

"Hello Konoka-san, may I come in?" Chi-Chi asked with a smile. Konoka let her through, curious to why Gohan's mom was here or even knew about the room.

"What can I help you with Chi-Chi-san?" Konoka asked politely. She was starting to regret not cleaning up the place a bit.

Chi-Chi was unresponsive and continued on through the hallway and into the main living area of Konoka's and Asuna's dorm room. Once she entered, she got surprised looks from everyone present in the room. "Is everybody here?" Chi-Chi said as she scanned the room. No one responded to her question as they were unsure as to why Gohan's mom was here.

"Ummm…Gohan's mom I–" Asuna said.

"Chi-Chi, Asuna-san," corrected Chi-Chi.

"Chi-Chi," Asuna rudely corrected herself, "What are you doing here?"

"Well, I'm here because I hear that you all are interested in my son, Gohan," Chi-Chi said with a smile. Everyone flinched, especially Asuna.

"What are you talking about?" Asuna exclaimed with a blush. "I'm totally not interested in your son."

"That's not what I heard," Chi-Chi said. "Especially after you taken care of my son so well."

"Where did you hear that?" Asuna asked.

"I have my sources," Chi-Chi replied with a devilish smile. It's probably that perverted ermine, Asuna said to herself as she clenched her fist in anger. The next time I see him, I will crush him like the insect that he is!



* * *



Somewhere else…

"Achoo!" Chamo sneezed.

"Bless you Chamo-kun," said Negi. "Are you coming down with a cold?"

"I don't think so," replied the ermine. "Most likely, someone is talking about me and complimenting my skills." However, I do feel a cold shiver all of a sudden. I wonder why? Chamo said to himself.



* * *



Meanwhile…

Gohan, while giving a tour of the area to Goten and Goku, felt a sudden chill come over him. "Hey Dad, did you feel that?" Gohan asked.

Goku looked back at him. "Feel what?" the Saiyan replied.

"Nothing," Gohan sighed. "It must have been my imagination." But I can't overcome this feeling of dread. Although it is not hostile, it is making me a bit nervous, Gohan said to himself.



* * *



Back at Asuna and Konoka's room

"Anyways," said Chi-Chi to the girls present in the room, "because I heard about your interest in my son , I will have to review each one of you in order to see if you are wife quality to my baby boy."

"Wife quality?" Kazumi asked. "Wait are you saying that…"

"Correct, I will see if you have what it takes to be Gohan's wife," Chi-Chi said with a smile and folding her arms.

The room was silent for a bit until Asuna screamed out, "WHAT? Where did you get the conclusion of marrying Gohan?" Chi-Chi didn't respond but Asuna continued as she looked around the room. "C'mon girls, this is ridiculous. We should get going." She started to walk ahead but felt that no one was following her. She turned around and saw all the girls present twiddling their fingers and blushing as they were probably seeing themselves as Gohan's wife. "You can't be serious."

She walked over to Konoka. "Konoka you can't be really thinking about this?"

"I'm not sure yet Asuna but it would definitely get my grandfather off my back with the omai's," replied Konoka who let out a warm smile. Asuna groaned and went to the next one.

"Setsuna-san, you can't be thinking about this too?" Asuna asked.

Setsuna blushed red. "W-W-Well, Gohan-sensei is strong a-a-and we share some common things together," stuttered the usually stoic female warrior.

Asuna couldn't believe it. Even Setsuna was agreeing to this plan as well. She looked around the room. "Ku Fei?"

"Well, it makes sense for me-aru. Gohan-sensei bested me in combat and it is in our tradition to marry strong warriors who beat us in combat-aru," Ku Fei said.

Asuna was left speechless. Even the Baka Yellow was giving into this as well. "Well Asuna-san, it looks everyone is agreeing to this except for you," Chi-Chi said. "Are you sure you don't want to participate?"

Asuna began to blush and trembled a bit until finally, "Fine! I will join in but only because I don't want any of my friends to fall into one of your games," Asuna said with a stern look. Konoka blinked a few times at the scene that was unfolding in front of her. According to her eyes, it seemed like sparks were flying between Asuna and Chi-Chi as well as some fearsome animals behind them.

"I like your attitude Asuna-san," Chi-Chi said as she backed off a bit. "However, attitude won't be enough to marry my son. You need more than that. You must have a strong resolve, proficient in using particular item of choice for example a frying pan in attack, have some fighting background, have education as a priority for your child, and…be an excellent cook."

"Cook?" Everyone asked.

"What do you mean by excellent cook de-gozarou?" Kaede asked.

"You must be ready to satisfy your husband's ferocious appetite," Chi-Chi said. "It doesn't matter if it is bad or there is little amount, the food must be delicious and there must be enough to feed at least 30 people or some cases 100 people. Asuna-san and Konoka-san know what I am talking about." Everyone blinked a few times by what she meant.

"I will teach you ladies the essentials to being a good wife," Chi-Chi said. "It will be one week long. As part of your graduation ceremony, you will have to cook and feed my family, especially Gohan, an excellent meal."

"But won't they get fat and full?" Yuna asked. She knew about Gohan's ferocious appetite but she didn't know about Goku and Goten's appetite. "I mean my meals are delicious and I could easily–"

"Oh I wouldn't worry about that, Yuna-san," Chizuru interrupted. "I'm sure that they wouldn't be able to finish one fifth of your meal."

"What is that supposed to mean?" Yuna exclaimed as she and Chizuru glared at each other. Sparks were rising and the tension was building inside the room. Chi-Chi let out a snicker. Everything is going according to plan, Chi-Chi said to herself. By the end of this week, I will determine who is worthy of marrying my Gohan.

"Alright ladies, it is time that we start the training," Chi-Chi said with a glint in her eye. The girls would have no idea on what was coming.



* * *



The next morning

Gohan was running up, as usual towards the school, trying not to be late. Thanks in due part by Goten, Gohan went to bed late and as a result, had woken up later than usual. He breathed a sigh of relief as he didn't get to see his mother on the way out. She would have chewed him alive for being late.

As Gohan kept on running, he noticed a figure in the distance. It was Negi. However, something caught Gohan's interest. Negi was running alone. He was usually running alongside with Asuna and Konoka in the morning but this time, they weren't there. I wonder why? Gohan thought to himself. "Negi-san!" Gohan cried out, trying to get the attention of the ten-year old teacher.

Negi turned his head around and saw Gohan waving at him. "Gohan-san! Good morning to you," Negi said as he slowed down a bit for Gohan to catch up. "How are you today?"

"I'm doing good Negi-san," replied the demi-saiyan. "How about you?"

"I'm okay thanks for asking," responded Negi. "I have been practicing some Chinese martial art moves that Master Ku Fei had given me yesterday. I have to be ready for Saturday." Negi clenched his fist in pride.

Gohan looked at him curiously and asked, "Saturday? What's on Saturday?"

"Oh," Negi immediately responded, "I am taking a disciple test from Evangeline-san. I need to be ready if I want to catch up to him. I started to train in the morning."

Gohan let out a smile. "So that's why you aren't with Asuna-san and Konoka-san," he said. "Well, why don't we train together?"

"Huh?"

"I mean, I have been meaning to get some training in," Gohan said with his Son grin.

"But Gohan-san, you are already so strong," Negi said in awe as he remembered what Gohan did during the Kyoto trip.

"That's true but like my dad and Piccolo-san always say, 'there is always someone stronger out there.' I need to be ready if I want to protect my friends," Gohan said.

Negi nodded. "It's a deal! Let's do our best then Gohan-san!" Negi said proudly as he lifted his hand to pound fists with Gohan. Gohan nodded in response.

"Right!" This will be a good opportunity to ask Dad about some new techniques, Gohan said to himself. I need to get stronger.



* * *



Later in the classroom…

"Good morning everyone!" Negi exclaimed happily as he and Gohan entered the room.

"Good morning senseis!" Some girls responded, while the others…well, let's just say they were looking not so good right now. This didn't miss Gohan's eye especially when Konoka, Yuna, Kazumi and Shiina were always very energetic and smiling whenever he entered the room. Now that he looked around, he saw Chizuru, Ku Fei, Kaede, Misa, Haruna, Setsuna and Asuna all in the same position. I wonder what happened to them, Gohan asked himself. I'll ask them during break.

Class went on as usual except that whenever Negi called on one of those girls, their responses were usually something like these:

"Must have an item ready to hit your loved one!"

"Must cook at least five times the normal serving of a household of five!"

"Child must be educated!"

"Child must not be a delinquent!"

"Must not follow grandfather's footsteps!"

And so on. Asuna, Ku Fei, Kaede however, kept on murmuring other things as well. Mostly, they were about the things that were going to show up in the mid-terms. Gohan immediately knew that his mom had something to do with it, but he decided to ask anyways to the other Baka Rangers, Yue and Makie about what happened during their first study session with Chi-Chi.

"Yue-san, Makie-san, how are the two of you today?" Gohan asked as he waved hello to his fellow students.

"Good Gohan-sensei," replied Yue. Makie just simply smiled and nodded in happiness.

"That's good to hear," Gohan said with his eyes closed and with a smile. "For a second there, I thought you guys hated me for making you do a study session with my mom." But as soon as he opened his eyes though, he immediately saw Yue and Makie have a depressing aura around them. "What happened?"

"It was horrible Gohan-sensei," Makie said. Gohan thought for a second that he saw her spirit fly away due to her depression. "Chi-Chi made us do work!"

Gohan blinked a few times. "Ummm…aren't you supposed to do work?" Makie flinched and suddenly the depressive aura around her became even darker. "I guess not," said Gohan with a smile. "Don't worry about it Makie-san. I am sure that you can do it. Just bear with it."

"Right!" Makie said excitedly. Gohan blinked a few times, curious to how the girl suddenly went from depressed to happy very fast.

The rest of the day went normally, except that Gohan kept on getting the death glare from Asuna. And also, the energetic girls from the class were unusually quiet. Gohan tried to ask them about why they were so quiet but all they did was blush heavily and avoid the subject. Gohan was curious to say the least but there was something else he had in mind.



* * *



DING! DING!

The bell rang, signifying that school was over. All the girls left their respective seats and went off to their club activities. Negi and Gohan, meanwhile, were walking back to the teacher's office when suddenly a figure came crashing into Negi. It was Makie!

"Makie-san?" Negi said.

"N-Negi-kun?" Makie responded.

Gohan noticed that Makie was crying and flabbergasted at the sight of running into Negi. "What's wrong Makie-san? You don't look so well."

"I-I just," stuttered Makie before she went running off in the opposite direction, away from Negi and Gohan's position. "Never mind!"

"Makie-san!" Negi yelled as he wanted to know what had happened to his student. "I wonder what's wrong?"

"Me too," Gohan nodded. "Anyways, Negi-san, you ready for some training tomorrow?"

"Yup!" Negi nodded. "When and where should we meet Gohan-san?"

"Hmmm," pondered the demi-saiyan. "How about 4 am in front of the World Tree?"

"Sounds good," Negi nodded.



* * *



The next morning

The alarm sounded off, but Negi hit the snooze button as quietly as possible as to not wake up his roommates, whom were exhausted and had Band-Aids on their fingers and some burn marks on their arms. Negi, at first, wondered what was going on and had asked them but the girls simply brushed him off and wouldn't tell him anything. The only thing that Negi heard from Asuna was, "I am going to kill Gohan soon."

Negi changed into some comfortable clothes to train in. He wasn't sure what Gohan had in mind for training but he was excited. He was going to learn two styles of martial arts! He couldn't wait. Once he was done changing, he closed the door behind him quietly and went off running towards the planned location.

He passed through the front gate, hoping to meet up with Gohan on the way. However, that was not the case. Maybe he is already there, Negi said to himself. I better hurry then. I don't want to be late. Negi hurried himself through the district until finally, he reached his destination.

Negi bent down a bit to catch his breath. He heard a chuckle in the air. "Already, you are tired out." Negi turned around and saw it was Gohan who had spoken. He was wearing his blue training dogi, the same one he wore during the Kyoto trip. "Man, you need to build up your stamina big time."

"Gohan-san…I'm only ten years old," Negi said, panting a bit. "I am not like you."

Gohan let out a smile. "Of course not. But keep in mind that Goten is younger than you and can easily out pace you." Negi didn't respond. What Gohan said made sense. After all, what Gohan had said yesterday in the morning was in Negi's mind the whole day.

After collecting his breath, Negi stood up and put on a determined face. "That means that I have to catch up then."

"That's the spirit," Gohan said with a smile.

"So Gohan-san, what are you going to teach me? Master Ku Fei-san already gave me some moves to practice on but I can't wait to learn some new ones!" Negi said with sparkles in his eyes.

Gohan let out a smirk as he took out a capsule, clicked it and threw it onto the ground. A poof occurred with Negi on the edge of his seat, ready for something like an instruction manual or something cool. However, his hopes were dashed when the smoke disappeared to reveal some clothes. Negi blinked a few times to make sure what he was seeing wasn't real. "Clothes?"

"Yup clothes. And special ones too," Gohan said as he went over to the pile of clothes to pick them up.

"Special clothes?" Negi said with sparkles in his eyes.

"That's right," Gohan said as he went to Negi and measured his size. He compared them to the clothes that he had in his hand, trying to figure out what size fitted the young mage. "Negi-san, could you please remove your shirt and shoes."

"Why Gohan-san?" Negi asked, curious to what the clothes were for. Maybe they are to increase someone's power like a special suit or maybe give him super powers. Or so he hoped.

"Trust me on this Negi-san," Gohan replied as Negi took off his shirt and shoes. "Now, put this undershirt on as well as the wristbands and leg guards." Negi nodded and proceeded to put on the clothes.

Once Negi finished putting back his original shirt and shoes back on, he didn't feel any different in terms of power. Negi let out a sigh of disappointment, hoping to have gained some sort of super power or something. "Ummm…Gohan-san, what are these clothes supposed to do? And what do they have to do with you showing me some moves?"

"Oh, I'm not showing you any moves," Gohan deadpanned.

Negi turned wide-eyed. "What? But I thought that you were going to train me?"

Gohan let out a smile. "Oh I am. But my training is different from conventional methods since I learned from my Dad and Piccolo-san. Anyways, I want you to do the simplest Kung Fu move that Ku Fei-san had taught you."

Negi, unsure to what was going on, shrugged and proceeded to do a move that Ku Fei had shown him two days earlier and had practicing it to make it like it was second nature. However, as he tried to go through the movements, Negi noticed something different as his body felt heavy….extremely heavy. Negi was having trouble to do the first movement as he tried to lift up his arms and legs with extreme difficulty. "Gohan-san, what did you do to me? Why can't I move?"

"I didn't do anything Negi-san," Gohan said. "The reason you can't move is that you are wearing weighted clothes."

"Weighted clothes?" Negi exclaimed. "Then I should take them off. This is too hard for me."

"No it isn't," Gohan said sternly. "Negi-san, if you want to be strong, then you are going to have to do things that will be really uncomfortable. If you want to catch up to whoever it is, you will have to push yourself past your limits. That is when the training will really begin. Trust me on this Negi-san, after a few weeks of wearing this, you will feel completely different."

"But it's too heavy!" Negi complained. "How can I train when I can't even move?"

"Glad that you don't have Piccolo-san as your sensei," muttered Gohan. However, Gohan let out a smile. "Negi-san, haven't you been using a bit of your magic to do things that other ten year olds wouldn't be able to do? I know that you have been doing it self-consciously and with the learning of Kung Fu, you have been toying around with ki." Negi turned wide-eyed and saw where Gohan was going with this. "The key to this exercise is to increase your magic and ki capacity. Pump some of it into your muscles to help move your body."

Negi nodded as he closed his eyes. He tried to call upon some magic as minimally as possible as well as some ki into his muscles. Once he was done, Negi opened his eyes and proceeded with the movements. This time it was easier but more exhausting to say the least.

Gohan smiled at the scene as Negi continued to do some Kung Fu movements for a few minutes now. Negi was sweating and getting pretty exhausted but that wasn't stopping him from reaching his goal: to catch up to the Thousand Master!

While watching Negi do some more intermediate movements, Gohan was about to say something but suddenly he felt a presence behind him. He turned around and saw Makie run up the stairs. But before he could say hi to her, she ran past him and hit Negi in the back. "Negi-kun!" This completely surprised the mage and because of the force behind the hit in the back, Negi started to lean over dangerously on the railing.

"WAH!" yelled Negi as he fell down the balcony (which wasn't very high) and landed on the ground with a loud thud.

"Negi-kun/-san!" Gohan and Makie exclaimed as they rushed down the steps to see if Negi was alright.

"Are you alright Negi-kun?" Makie asked.

"I'm fine Makie-san," Negi replied with a nervous smile. Gohan let out a sigh of relief that Negi wasn't hurt. He then turned his attention to Makie, who for the most part, was dressed up in running clothes.

"Makie-san, out for morning run?" asked the demi-saiyan.

"Yup," smiled Makie. "What are you two doing? Were those moves from Chinese Martial Arts?"

"They are!" responded the boy. "Ku Fei-san was kind enough to start the training two days ago. And Gohan-san is here to give me some pointers."

"Wow!" beamed Makie. "Well, whatever it is, it looks good!"

"Well, he has long way to go," Gohan said with a smile.

"Gohan-san!" Negi pouted.

"Hey," Makie said, "are you two trying to qualify for the academy's upcoming martial arts tournament or what?"

"Martial arts tournament?" Both Gohan and Negi asked. Gohan was surprised that there was a martial arts tournament here. Maybe he could enter and maybe he could get…

"There is a martial arts tournament here?" yelled a voice. Gohan, Negi and Makie turned their heads towards the direction of the voice to see Goku, beaming with big grin on his face. "Really? When is it?" asked the Saiyan.

"Ummm…I'm not sure actually," said a surprised Makie.

"Do really strong fighters participate?" Goku asked.

"I think so," Makie said.

"Great!" Goku exclaimed happily. He turned to Gohan and said, "Yosh! Gohan, let's invite Vegeta! I'm sure he would love to enter."

"I'm sure he would Dad," Gohan replied nervously as he began to think about what would happen to the other fighters in the tournament. Not that I don't want them to fight but I am worried about the people around them that might get hurt.

"Negi-kun," Makie said as she went close to Negi's face. "Is it just me, or are you more grown-up now that you're back from the school trip?"

"You think?" Negi asked, unsure to what she meant. Gohan kind of knew what Makie meant by that. Ever since the trip, Gohan was seeing a new side of Negi as well as his strive to become stronger.

"Will you do what you just did again?" Makie asked.

"S-Sure," Negi replied nervously, wondering how Makie had so much energy.

"Kung Fu, huh?" said a voice. Goku, Gohan, Negi and Makie turned around to see Evangeline and Chachamaru walking up to them. "Aren't you all spunky today."

"Good morning!" Negi and Gohan said.

"Eva-sama!" waved Makie. "Chachamaru-san! Morning!" Wait…why did I call her Eva-sama? Makie asked herself. Gohan wondered about that too but he would ask later.

"So now it's Kung Fu, huh?" Eva said. "Guess you're not interested in becoming my disciple, then."

"Dwah?" Negi flinched as he tried to explain the situation to Eva. "I-I'm just, um, trying to get down that other guy's moves, is…"

"Don't explain to me!" yelled Eva. "I didn't want to take on a disciple, anyway."

"What's going on?" Goku asked, trying to figure out what was going on and he wasn't the only one. Makie wanted to know what was going on as well.

Gohan let out a sigh as Negi had explained the situation before. "Well Negi-san was planning to become Evangeline-san's disciple," explained Gohan. However, he left out the part of being trained in the arts of magic combat. He knew that Goku would be able to understand that but he wasn't sure about Makie.

"See ya…'kid,'" Eva said as she walked away from the group along with Chachamaru. "Have fun playing 'Kung Fu,' huh?"

"Wait!" Negi yelled as anime tears came down from his eyes. But he stopped when he felt a hand on his shoulder. He looked up to see Goku with his usual Son grin. "Goku-san?"

"Don't worry about Negi, I'm sure the little girl is just jealous that's all," Goku said. However, his statement caught the ire of Eva as she glared at Goku, blushing a bit.

"What makes you say that?" Eva said. "For that matter, what gives you the right to say that?"

"Well, it's obvious that you want to train him," Goku said. "But if you're not going to, I might as well be the one to do it." This caught Gohan's attention. His Dad, giving training to a boy he hardly knows? This is weird, Gohan said to himself. Dad never gives out training unless there is a reason behind it.

Eva, on the other hand, was getting angry as tick marks were appearing all over her head. "Do you realize who you are talking to old man? I can easily wipe the floor with my hands tied behind my back!"

Goku got into a fighting stance. "Great! I always like a challenge," said Goku with a smile. Tension was building in the air. Gohan knew that he had to stop this. After all, Eva had no idea what she was getting in to. Fighting Goku…that's like suicide!

"Okay, I think everyone needs to calm down," Gohan said as he got in between the two.

"Shut up assistant!" Eva yelled. "You are at fault too, especially since you are training him!"

"Wait hold on!" Gohan exclaimed. "I'm just giving Negi-san a few pointers that's all. I don't think it should be an issue. After all, the more masters that Negi-san has, the better."

"Yeah right," muttered Eva.

"Is this jealousy now, Mistress?" asked Chachamaru.

"What? Never!" Eva exclaimed.

"C'mon, Eva-chan, don't be so mean to Negi-kun," Makie said. "Why don't you just make him your disciple?" Disciple of what, I don't know.

"See, you are jealous," Goku said. "Admit it; you want Negi to be your disciple."

"Grrr…." Growled the young-looking vampire. "I make it a habit not to spend much time with kids including chit-chat with you, Sasaki Makie."

"What did you say?" Makie said angrily. "Now you see here, Eva-CHAN, you're not that far from being a kid yourself!" Gohan and Negi immediately flinched. Makie was digging herself into a big hole. Gohan knew all too well after he had called Eva a kid. "Hah! I guess you're forgetting that time when Negi-kun kicked your–"

"M-Makie-san…" Negi muttered, trying to stop her from saying something stupid that would make Eva even madder. But Makie didn't stop.

"Even without becoming your disciple, Negi-kun is gonna become a master in no time!" Goku nodded in agreement. Eva was getting mad now, with more tick marks appearing on her face.

"Negi-san, is this true?" asked Gohan. He was curious to know because there was a large discrepancy between Negi's and Eva's power levels.

"It's long story Gohan-san," Negi replied. "But Makie-san, has your memory…?"

"My what?" Makie responded with a dumbfounded face.

"Have it your way!" yelled Eva. "I've just decided to what test I'll put you to become my disciple! Try and use that precious Kung Fu of yours to land a blow on Chachamaru! If you can, you're in. But you'll be fighting one-on-one."

"Fine!" Goku said. "Negi can definitely do it! After all he is being helped by my son, Gohan!"

"W-Wait Dad, don't get carried away," Gohan said nervously.

"G-G-Goku-san!" Negi pleaded. He and Gohan knew that he wasn't ready for any combat just yet. Plus he was wearing the weighted clothes that Gohan had given him.

"Show him what for, Chachamaru," Eva said.

"Okay, but–"

"No buts! Do it!" ordered Eva. "And try not to hurt him too badly."

"Understood," replied the robot. "Pardon me, Negi-sensei…" Suddenly Chachamaru disappeared, which caught Makie by surprise as she couldn't spot the robot. But Gohan and Goku could as well as Negi. However, Negi was too slow to react as Chachamaru came in front of him and delivered a devastating kick that sent the young boy flying to the wall. As result of wearing the weighted clothes, when Negi crashed into the wall, he went through it.

"Negi-kun!" yelled Makie as she and Gohan rushed up to where Negi was.

Eva, meanwhile, let out a huff. "If you can't even get one hit on Chachamaru, you've got no potential anyway," Eva said as she and Chachamaru went their separate way. "We'll meet again, here, Sunday at noon…the deadline's extended till then. Do what you can to prepare." With that, they disappeared into the distance.

Goku, meanwhile, looked on and felt bad for Negi, but for the wrong reasons. "Man, I didn't think that he would be that weak. Since he was a teacher, I had expected him to be stronger."

"Dad!" Gohan said. "C'mon, Negi-san just started training and he is only ten years old. It's obvious that he underestimated Chachamaru-san's abilities." While he spoke, he and Makie helped up Negi from the ground.

"Ouch," Negi said while rubbing his neck. "I should have taken off the weighted clothes. I can't move around."

"You're wearing weighted clothes?" Goku asked.

"That's right Goku-san," replied Negi. "Gohan-san had given them to me for training but I think I should have them off."

"I agree Negi-san," Gohan said. "I didn't think that you would have to face Chachamaru-san as part of your test."

"No he should keep them on," Goku said.

"Huh?" All of them looked at Goku weirdly.

"Dad, I don't think Negi-san is ready for it," Gohan said.

"Sure he is," replied Goku. "Didn't you see how he tried to block the attack?" Gohan turned a bit wide-eyed as he remembered Chachamaru's attack. That's right! Gohan said to himself. Why didn't I think about that!

Gohan turned his head to Negi, who was curious to what Goku was referring to. "Negi-san," said Gohan, "you definitely need to keep on the weighted clothes until Sunday."

"What?" Negi exclaimed. "B-But, how am I supposed to work? Or even train when I can't even move?"

"Trust us Negi-san. My Dad and I know what we are doing," Gohan said reassuringly. Negi doubted Gohan for a bit but he decided to go with Gohan and Goku's plan with a nod. "That's the spirit. Alright, you should get changed. School is about to start."

"That's right!" Negi said as he stood up. "I will have to ask Ku Fei-san for more moves. I'll see you later Gohan-san!" Negi then hurried off back to the dormitories as he waved good-bye to Gohan and Goku.



* * *



Meanwhile…

"This is very impressive," Chi-Chi said as she monitored some computer screens that were set up by no other than…Asakura Kazumi. "I'm surprised that you set this up so quickly."

Kazumi smiled. "Well, I wanted to give you the best seat in the house on watching everyone's progress. After all, that was part of the deal."

"Of course," Chi-Chi replied. "You would skip the cooking competition while you gave me inside information on Gohan's suitors. I know the deal. I'm amazed on how cunning you are."

"Well what can I say," shrugged Kazumi. "I am the Mahora Reporter. I can get any information that is out there."

"I'm glad to hear that," Chi-Chi said. She then looked at the clock that was in the room. "Asakura-san, you should get to class. You don't want to be late."

"Well I want to…"

"You don't want to be late now," Chi-Chi said with a devilish smile and menacing aura that was scaring Kazumi. She knew that Chizuru had a devilish aura but Chi-Chi was on a whole different level. It was best that she didn't argue with the mother of her affections.

"Of course, I will be going now," Kazumi responded, grabbing her book bag. "I'll come back after school to check on the equipment." Kazumi waved goodbye at Chi-Chi and she responded the same way as well.

Once Kazumi was out the door, Chi-Chi let out a sigh and said, "You can come out now." A certain creature flinched behind the corner as he walked out slowly to meet with Chi-Chi's gaze.

"H-Hello," stuttered the creature.

"Hello…Chamo-san," Chi-Chi said. "How nice of you to join me. Please come up and have a seat with me."

Chamo flinched as he started to sweat nervously. He proceeded to climb up the desk and stood in front of the screens alongside Chi-Chi. "So Miss, did you get everything that you asked for?"

"Of course," replied Chi-Chi. "Everything is going according to plan. I didn't realize there were so many suitors for Gohan's hand in marriage. But thanks to your 'information,' I'm glad I was able to help my son pick out his new wife. And all of this wouldn't have been possible without your help Chamo-san."

"Aww shucks Chi-Chi san, you don't have to praise me so much," blushed the little ermine. "I'm just glad I was able to use my ermine love skills to good use."

"Yes," Chi-Chi said as a menacing aura started to surround her. "But of course, let's not forget about those pictures…"

Chamo flinched. "Wait Chi-Chi-san, I can explain that…and…" Sweat was starting to pour all over Chamo as Chi-Chi came over to his position, cracking knuckles and taking out a frying pan. Chamo prayed to whatever deity that was out there in the hopes that he would survive the beatings that were soon coming from the legendary frying pan of death.



* * *



Later that day, once classes were over…

In a park that was near the World Tree, voices were being heard as fists were being clashed against each other. It was Negi and Ku Fei training while Gohan and Goku were looking at the scene from a distance. Sited right next to Gohan were Asuna, Konoka, Setsuna and an unattentive Goten, who was busy playing with the butterflies and other 'mystical' insects of the park.

"You learn pretty fast Negi-bozu, and you have talent," Ku Fei informed Negi as they continued sparring. "But if it's only 2 days' worth of training I don't think you'll have much of a chance-aru," Ku Fei informed him, suddenly moving her palm to Negi's face in an instant, pushing against it and knocking Negi flat on his back. "You lose!"

"So he won't be able to become Eva-chan's apprentice?" Asuna asked curiously to Gohan.

"Well, Negi-sensei IS an amateur when it comes to physical combat," Setsuna replied with a frown.

"I think Negi has a lot of potential," Goku spoke up with a smile, earning both girls attentions.

"What makes you say that Goku-san?" Setsuna asked.

"Well, Negi is wearing weighted clothes right now," Goku replied.

"Weighted clothes?" Everyone asked.

"Why is Negi-kun wearing weighted clothes?" Konoka asked.

"Because Negi-san asked me for some training," Gohan responded, turning everyone's attention to him. "So I gave him part of the training regime that my sensei, Piccolo-san did for me and what Dad's sensei, Muten Roshi did for him."

"Ah," Konoka nodded.

"So how much weight is Negi wearing?" Asuna asked Goku.

Goku turned to Gohan and asked, "Gohan?"

Gohan closed his eyes for a bit as he tried to remember the amount of weight he had given him. "Hmmmm, I'm not sure actually. I think it was around 70 kilograms."

"70 KILOGRAMS?" Everyone exclaimed.

"Are you sure that isn't a bit too much?" Asuna yelled worriedly.

"Nah, Negi is doing fine," Goku said as he tried to calm the girls down. "That weight is nothing. Why, Goten is wearing clothes that are weighing a ton."

Everyone facefaulted. "A ton?" Everyone exclaimed.

"That's nothing compared to what Piccolo-san made me wear when I was Negi's age," Gohan commented.

"How much did he make you wear Gohan-kun?" asked Konoka

"Hmmm…about…5 tons," Gohan said with a deadpanned face, causing everyone to face-fault. "What? Is there something wrong?" Asuna, trembled a bit of rage as she was getting tired of the weird Son family. She took out her fan and hit Gohan on the head. "Ouch, what was that for?"

"Baka!" yelled Asuna. "Don't make Negi follow your paths. You are guys are aliens! You can easily deal with weighted clothes better than humans."

"That's not true," responded Goku. "My best friend, Kuririn who is an Earthling, wore the same weighted clothes as me."

"That's right," continued Gohan. "Don't forget about Yamucha-san too."

Asuna flinched and muttered, "You guys are monsters."

"Goku-san," Setsuna spoke up after being quite for a while, "what are the benefits of wearing weighted clothes? Isn't that getting in the way of his training?"

"Actually, it isn't Setsuna-san," Gohan responded. "Look at Negi-san and how he is sparring. He is doing what normally should be able to do but with an additional 70 kilograms on his body. Imagine what would happen to Negi's speed if he were to continue to train for the next two days using the weighted clothes."

Everyone pondered a bit until finally Konoka spoke up. "His speed would increase."

"That's right," Goku said with a smile. "His body would so used to the heavy weight, that when taken off, he will feel like he was flying."

"That's... true," Setsuna replied, a bit surprised she hadn't noticed that.

"Then Negi-kun has a chance!" Konoka mused happily. Goku nodded as Gohan smiled at the scene. He agreed with his father whole heartedly. If his dad says that someone has potential, then they really do have potential.

"Negi-kun!" Makie called out as she suddenly showed up with Ako, the pink haired girl carrying a picnic basket with her, "I brought a whole bunch of boxed lunches!"

"Yay! Food!" yelled Goten as he rushed from where he was quickly, staring at the stack of boxes approaching the location. And he wasn't the only one. Goku, meanwhile, was salivating a bit.

"Are you sure you brought enough food Makie-san?" muttered Asuna.

"Ara? What do you mean Asuna?" Makie asked with a curious face.

Asuna let out a smile as she patted Makie on the shoulder. "You will see soon enough." Makie blinked a few times, unsure to what she meant. That is, after a few minutes later when all of the food was completely gone. Makie and Ako gasped at the scene as they witnessed Gohan, Goku, and Goten gulp down all of the food that she had brought. It was lucky that Negi didn't get to eat those large portions or else…something bad (and comical) would have happened to him.

"I'm sorry!" Makie said apologetically to Negi. "I thought I could help you by bringing you food but I guess I didn't bring enough."

"It's okay Makie-san", Negi replied, trying to calm her down with a smile.

"That's right," Asuna joined in. "You didn't know about the vacuum eaters." She sent a glare to the three Sons which immediately caused them to flinch, reminding them of how Asuna was kind of similar in certain ways to Chi-Chi.

"But you only have two days till... Sunday," Makie replied, seeming to remember something with a larger frown.

"Something wrong?" Gohan asked.

"I forgot!" She replied frantically, "I have the selection for the competition on Sunday!"

"Really?" Konoka asked. "Are you gonna be okay?"

"I... have no confidence at all actually," Makie admitted with a saddened look.

"Why not?" Gohan asked.

"Sensei said I act like a Primary school student", Makie replied, on the verge of tears," and I caused so much trouble for Negi-kun too... I'm useless."

"Not true-aru!" Ku Fei protested with a frown.

"You shouldn't say that," Konoka spoke up with a frown with Ako nodding in agreement.

"I know!" Asuna spoke up before Gohan could," Why don't you show us your gymnastics?"

"B-but... I can't do that!" a blushing Makie replied.

"I've never seen Makie-san's gymnastics before!" An excited Negi spoke up which only caused Makie's blush to increase even more.

"Come on!" Goten followed. "I want to see gymnattics."

"It's gymnastics Goten," Gohan corrected his little brother. He turned his attention to Makie as he was curious as well. "I want to see it too."

"O-Okay, j-just a little bit then," Makie replied with a frown, before pulling out her gymnastics ribbon and moving a bit away from the group so she could start her routine. Once she started though, everyone was in awe. Gohan found himself impressed at how good she was, though he didn't know much about gymnastics himself.

"U-um," Makie spoke as she finished, looking a bit nervous to hear what the others thought. "And that's how we do it..." Everyone was silent. Makie closed her eyes, fearing the worst.

"Wow!" Negi spoke first in awe, "That was great!"

"Eh?" Makie said with a surprised look on her face.

"That was awesome!" Goku joined in.

"B-but Sensei said I was childish," Makie protested with a frown.

"Who cares what he thinks?" Asuna said.

"Right!" Negi agreed with Asuna, smiling at a blushing Makie, "I don't know much about gymnastics, but I thought it was great! It was a beautifully honest and direct performance, just like I'd expect from Makie-san!"

"... I guess foreigners aren't shy when giving out compliments," Asuna mused, surprised at Negi's words.

"Th-thank you Negi-kun," Makie said with a smile to the child teacher, before looking sheepish. "But the test is the day after tomorrow."

"That's true", Negi replied, still smiling. "But now that you've come this far, the only thing you can do is go for it! For the next two days, let's both do our best!"

"Um... okay Negi-kun," Makie replied, blushing once again as she looked to her teacher.

"Negi-bozu!" Ku Fei suddenly spoke up, having finished her snacking. "Time to train!"

"Right!" Negi replied eagerly, rushing over to train once again.

"Gohan-sensei," Makie suddenly spoke, looking to the dark haired teacher. "Negi-kun isn't just cute... he's pretty cool too."

"I guess so," Gohan said with his usual Son grin.



* * *



The Next Morning…

Back at the World Tree, Negi continued to do the movements that Ku Fei had taught him during the limited time that they had together. Negi tried to ask why their time was so limited but the only response that he could get from Ku Fei was a smile, a blush, and a dash towards the opposite direction. Negi wanted to catch up to her but was stopped by Asuna and Konoka, who told him to let it go. It got Negi worried, but it didn't stop him from training in the morning.

Negi continued to do Kung Fu movements near the World Tree as he waited for Gohan to arrive. As he did his movements, Negi started to feel differently. Not because of the weighted clothes, which in fact Negi felt were getting a bit light, but something else was different. It was as if he could feel the presence of nature itself, feel the energy around him. It was only at the development stage but Negi wished to expand on this.

"Negi-san!" yelled a voice. Negi stopped his movements and turned his attention to the voice as he saw that it belonged to one Son Gohan.

"Gohan-san! Morning!" Negi waved hello to the demi-saiyan.

"Morning to you too," Gohan responded back. "It seems that you are getting the hang of Kung Fu."

"Yeah," Negi said as he clenched his fist. "I think that I will definitely pass this test."

"That's the spirit," Gohan said as he walked up to Negi. He started to inspect Negi and asked, "Negi-san, I was wondering on how you are feeling with the weights?"

"Actually a lot better Gohan-san," Negi replied. "I think I am getting the hang of the weights. To tell you the truth, I am starting to feel like they aren't there anymore."

"Really?" Gohan said with a smirk which caught Negi by surprise. Negi blinked a few times until he realized something about Gohan's unusual smirk.

"Wait…Gohan-san, you're not thinking…"

"Oh yes I am!" Gohan said as he sent out an unusual ki blast from his hand and towards Negi. As soon as the ki ball hit Negi, he suddenly felt the clothes a whole lot heavier.

"G-G-Gohan-san!" complained the boy. "What did you do to me? Why do I feel so much heavier?"

"Because Negi-san," explained Gohan, "I added more weight to the clothes."

"Huh?"

"Well, I didn't want you to get all comfortable with the current weight," Gohan said. "So I decided to add since it will give more training."

"G-G-Gohan-san," complained Negi, "I already had enough trouble as it was with the previous weight. Why add more?"

"Trust me on this Negi-san. By the time the test comes around, Evangeline-san will have no choice but to accept you as her disciple," Gohan said with his Son grin.

Negi was unsure. But if Gohan said that it will improve, then it must be true. Negi gave nod and proceeded to continue with his Kung Fu movements, pumping a mixture of magic and ki into his muscles to help move his body.

After a few minutes, Negi continued to do his movements as Gohan watched closely, making sure that if Negi were to fall off like last time, he would be there to help him. As he watched, Gohan felt a presence in the air. He turned around to see Makie running up to them. She was dressed differently. She was wearing a short skirt and a tank top. She also had…makeup? Why would she be wearing make-up? Gohan asked himself but decided not to expand on it anymore.

"Morning, Negi-kun, Gohan-sensei!" waved Makie hello which caused Negi to stop his movements and wave hello to incoming girl.

"Morning Makie-san!" Both Negi and Gohan said.

Negi noticed something different about Makie. "Is it just me, or are you extra-cute today?"

"I am?" Makie replied with a slight blush. "Glad you noticed! I took a little extra time getting ready today."

"But, you have come to practice right?" Gohan asked. "Getting dressed up is good and all, but aren't you going to get very sweaty?"

"Don't worry about it Gohan-sensei," Makie said smiling. "This outfit is easy to work out in."

"If you say so," muttered the demi-saiyan.

"At any rate Negi-kun…"

"Yes, Makie-san?" asked Negi. "Oh that's right, don't you have preliminaries day after tomorrow?"

"Uh-huh, and you've got your disciple test tomorrow at midnight," replied Makie.

"Two more days! Let's go for it!" Both of them said as they clutched their hands together. Gohan smiled at the scene.

"That's the spirit," muttered Gohan.

"Makie-san, since we do only have the two days left, I've asked a special coach to help us train," Negi said.

"You have? Who?" Makie asked. Gohan was curious too. Negi didn't tell him about having a special coach. Maybe it was Goku who was going to help or maybe…

"Hohoho!" Everyone turned their heads around and look up in the sky to see a figure standing on the light post. Gohan squinted his eyes to try and see who it was. When sight was clearer, Gohan noticed it was Ku Fei or rather…Ku Fei…with a beard and a moustache? This can't be good, Gohan said to himself with a sweat drop.

"Negi-bouzu, from today onwards, you can call me Master Ku!" said the bearded girl. Makie was in shock at seeing Ku Fei and the fact that she was the special coach. "Negi-bouzu, it will be difficult to train you to hit a master within just two days-aru. Are you prepared for some harsh training-aru?"

"Yes!" Negi nodded. Makie joined as well, hoping that the training will help her as well. Gohan sighed.

"This will not go well," he muttered.



* * *



Later in the day…

Gohan let out a sigh. It was getting to be a long day today, especially after what happened this morning. Ku Fei did a series of training exercises that were clearly not meant the average person like Makie, for example, avoiding and defending against a horde of wooden poles while hanging upside down. Negi could have easily done it had it not been for wearing the weighted clothes and getting distracted by Makie, who kept getting her panties caught by every training exercise. Poor girl.

Gohan hoped that the afternoon training will be different, especially when Ku Fei won't use manga or old Chinese movies to help her out. Thank God that she didn't do Muten Roshi's training regime or even that of Piccolo's. Otherwise, Negi and Makie wouldn't have been able to survive.

Gohan bent back his seat as he looked upwards in thinking. "Awfully relaxed aren't you Gohan-sensei?" asked a voice. Gohan turned his head around to see Shizuna stand before him.

"Shizuna-sensei, how are you?" Gohan said as he got up from his chair and bowed politely to his Kouhai.

"I'm doing good Gohan-sensei. I have been hearing that your family had come to visit you," Shizuna said with a smile.

Gohan put his Son grin on. "That's right, although I haven't seen much of Mom."

"Ara, why is that?" Shizuna asked.

"Well, I guess my Mom is helping out the Baka Rangers with their studies," replied the demi-saiyan.

"That's good," Shizuna said. "Any improvements then?"

"Incredible improvements Shizuna-sensei," said an excited Gohan. "Negi-san gave a pop quiz today in class. I am looking over the results since Negi-san has other engagements. I am amazed by the scores."

"How so?"

"The Baka Rangers improved their scores by at least 70%," Gohan said as he showed the comparison between last week's quiz and today's quiz. "I don't know how they did it but with scores like these apply to the mid-terms, I am sure we will get the top of the academy."

Shizuna chuckled. "It seems like your mother's tutoring is helping them."

"I guess so," Gohan nervously laughed. He didn't want to mention to Shizuna or even talk about Chi-Chi studying techniques. After all, he knew from first-hand experience.

"Well, good luck to you Gohan-sensei," said Shizuna as she walked out the door. "I hope you have a good weekend."

"Thank you Shizuna-sensei." And with that Gohan went back to his desk to finish grading the papers.

After a few minutes, Gohan put everything away properly and left the teacher's room. He walked quickly through the hallways and down the stairs. He continued to walk until finally reaching the park where Negi and the group was.

As Gohan reached his destination, he noticed that Negi and Ku Fei had already started to spar against each other. Asuna and Setsuna clashed 'swords' with each other as well. Makie and Konoka look from a distance. Once Gohan had arrived, he got to hear the start of Makie's conversation with Asuna.

"Is Setsuna-san teaching you kendo Asuna-san?" Makie asked.

"Uh-huh," replied Asuna as she parried another slash from Setsuna's wooden sword.

"Negi-kun's training too," Makie said. "Why all of a sudden?"

"Well, there was something that happened during the school trip that…" Asuna said but stopped herself when she realized that she couldn't reveal too much information, especially on the fact that Negi was a mage and Gohan was a half-alien with godly powers. "In my case, it just sorta came together. I never really planned it. Now that I am practicing with Setsuna-san, though, I'm kinda enjoying it. In Negi's case, he does seem to be training for a reason…"

"There is?" Makie said, with sparkles surrounding her face and eyes. "He does? Why would Negi-kun–?"

"I'm not so sure I should say, come to think of it," replied Asuna.

"But…c'mon, you can trust me, spill!" Makie said.

"Why not ask him yourself?" asked Gohan as he appeared behind the girls, causing all of them to look at him.

"Well, I…"

"Negi-san may appear to not tell everyone what is going on, but if you ask him, I'm sure that he will tell you," Gohan said. "So don't be afraid."

Makie nodded in agreement. "Right. I'll do my best too."

"That's the spirit," Gohan said with his Son grin. "Hey have you guys seen my brother or my dad?" The girls shook their heads.

"Why do you ask Gohan-sensei?" Setsuna asked.

"Well, I was hoping to have Negi-san spar with Goten," said Gohan. "I think it will be good practice for him."

"You really think so?" Makie asked, unsure how Gohan's brother will be able to keep up with Negi's speed.

"Sure," Gohan replied. "I guess I can have him do it afterwards. Negi-san is going to need all the training he can get." The girls nodded in agreement.



* * *



Author's note: Part 2 done! Yay! Well I hope you like the tweaking of Negi's training. When I was reading other fanfics of Negima (especially the ones with the Naruto crossover) none of them have the main character do anything special with Negi. They just simply watched him train and do nothing (maybe make a few comments here and there that's all). So I decided to take another route, do something different: have Negi train with weighted clothes and learn on how to use ki. And best of all, he won't be the only one, just to let you know. I won't reveal any more information than that. You will have to keep reading for sure. It's going to make for some exciting battles ahead.

Oh yeah, Glossary time:

Kuririn: Goku's best friend. He is known as Krillin in the American dub.

Yamucha: The desert bandit and Bulma's ex-boyfriend. He is known as Yamcha in the American Dub.

Let me know what you guys think of the chapter! See you next week! Peace!





*Chapter 13*: Chichi's Food Competition!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. See chapter 1 for details.

Author's note: Hey everybody! How is everyone doing? Hope you guys had a good week. We have finally reached the last part of the Son Family Arc! Yay! I know that there wasn't a lot of action in the last chapter but I personally thought it was a good chapter, especially with the training part. But thanks for the reviews you guys! Keep them coming! Oh, to RyumaOmega...your suggestion for Gohan's training...I had already thought about that before you wrote the review. Thanks for the review though!

I want to thank naioka1992 for beta-reading. Now I present chapter 13 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 13: Countdown to Negi's Test! Chi-Chi's Food Competition!

The next day…

Negi's training went smoothly, Ku training him as best as she could in the small amount of time he had before the test. Throughout the day, Gohan supervised Negi's training by adding more weight subtly as for Negi not to notice it. Also, Gohan was able to get some training in with his father, Son Goku. It was a light spar so to not draw the attention of Negi, who really needed to train.

And as promised, Gohan was able to get Goten to spar with Negi for a bit. They sparred during the late morning hours when Ku Fei or any of the other girls were not present. It was happening more and more often that the girls would come back exhausted and with some cuts on their fingers. Gohan was getting worried but every time he or Negi asked, they would brush it aside. Gohan hoped it was nothing bad.

It was now the night before Negi's test and Ku Fei had finished teaching the last bit she could teach him. "I've taught all I can teach you at the moment," Ku Fei informed her student with a smile. "All you can do now is leave everything to fate and the Heavens. Use your remaining 8 hours to rest and Revise!"

"Yes Master Ku!" Negi replied with a bow to Ku Fei, the usual group watching from not far off.

"Negi-kun!" The sound of Yuna's voice called out suddenly, the black haired girl walking over with Ako and Akira. "Are you having some kind of match tonight?"

"I made some snacks!" Ako followed with, smiling as they neared the group. It wasn't long later before they all moved over to the area Negi's test would take place, setting the meal up as everyone soon found themselves enjoying it.

"So do you think Negi-bozu will win?" Yuna asked curiously, taking a bite of a piece of shrimp.

"Well, Negi-bozu is a fast learner-aru," Ku Fei spoke up sheepishly. "He learned moves in three hours that usually would take a month to master... It's really not fair."

"Well, he couldn't exactly be a ten year old teacher if he wasn't like that," Akira mused, before taking a bite of a rice ball.

"That's a child genius for ya!" Yuna laughed. "He'll win for sure!" The other girls cheered in agreement. "By the way, how do you guys like the food?"

"It is delicious Yuna-san," Negi said with a smile. "Why do you ask?"

"Umm, no reason," Yuna said with a nervous smile. "Negi-kun, is Gohan-kun coming by anytime soon?"

"I don't think so," responded the boy. "He told me that his mom had a special surprise waiting for him later today. I wonder what it is." If Negi could look, he would have noticed the blushes on most of the girls present right now which included Setsuna, Konoka, Asuna, Ku Fei and Yuna. Makie, Ako, and Akira had curious looks on their faces since the blushes didn't escape them.

It was silent for a while. Finally, it broke when Asuna, who was looking at Negi strangely, smelled something funny coming from Negi's direction.

"Hm..." Asuna mused, sniffing a scared looking Negi. "You... stink."

"W-well," Negi replied, trying to back away.

"Don't tell me you've been too busy to bathe again?" Asuna said with a smirk, the other girls looking surprised at the situation.

"I-I just forgot!" Negi protested, yelping as Asuna began dragging him to the bathing area.

"No buts!" Asuna informed him," You're getting washed right now!"



* * *



A few minutes later in the bathhouse near the park…

"Uwaah!" screamed Negi as he was getting his hair washed and cleaned by an annoyed Asuna. "Asuna-san, I can do it myself, you know–"

"Don't lie to me!" Asuna yelled. "You'd just wet down the top and say you were done, wouldn't you!"

"Hahaha," chuckled Yuna as she was taking a shower in a stall that was near Asuna's. "Leave it to onee-san, huh?" She then turned to Konoka, who was taking a shower in the stall next to hers. "Speaking of which, why is Negi-kun staying in you guys' room?"

"Because my grandpa's the headmaster," replied Konoka with a smile.

"So that's it, huh?" Yuna said. She was going to talk more but once she saw the time, she decided to finish the shower early.

"Where are you going Yuna?" asked Ako.

"I-I have something to do and get ready for," Yuna said with a nervous smile. She then shot a confident look at Konoka. "See you later Konoka."

Ako and Akira were confused. What did Yuna mean by that? Konoka, however, didn't miss the meaning as she shot a determined look to Yuna as well. "You too Yuna." She finished her bath quickly too and went off. Setsuna followed suit.

Makie looked at the stall where Asuna and Negi were bathing. "Um, Asuna?" asked the curious girl.

"Yeah?" replied Asuna.

"So are you going out with Negi-kun?" Makie asked which caused Asuna to face-fault.

"Why does everyone keep asking me that?" Asuna yelled with a slight blush on her face. "What part of he's ten years old don't you guys get?" Seriously, I would take that dark haired baka over him, Asuna said to herself. But once she said that, a blush came over her and shook her head. No, no, no! I like Takahata-sensei. Just think of Takahata-sensei!

"Since you put it that way," responded Makie. After a few minutes, Asuna, Negi and Makie all tried to sneak out of the shower room without anyone noticing. "This is so exciting! What if Ayaka or a teacher catches us in here?" But once she said it, Ayaka, Natsumi and Shizuna came into the shower room, causing Asuna, Makie and Negi to switch directions and go into the nearest stall to avoid their gaze.

"That was some sweat we worked up today, eh?" Ayaka said. She turned her head and noticed Makie and Asuna in one stall, desperately trying to hide Negi away. "Asuna-san! Makie-san! Is there a reason you two're in the same stall?"

"We're, um, uh," said Makie, trying to think up of an excuse to use, "washing each other's back!"

"Really," Ayaka said questioningly, unsure whether to believe Makie's excuse. "And since when are you so close?"

"Well, um, since Makie has been helping me cook," Asuna said with a nervous smile.

"Hmmm, oh that's right," Ayaka said. "You have that food competition to do right? The one set up by Gohan-sensei's mom?" Food competition? Negi asked in thought.

Asuna's face was literally turning red from blushing. "W-W-Where did you hear that?" she stuttered.

"I have my sources," Ayaka said as she entered a stall. "Good luck though. I hope Gohan-sensei doesn't die from eating your dish."

"Asuna, what does Ayaka mean?" Makie asked.

"Nothing! I don't like Gohan at all!" Asuna yelled with a blush.

"Okay, okay," Makie said as she tried to calm down Asuna as to not reveal Negi, who was standing behind the two girls.

"Anyways…Negi, how are you feeling about the match tonight?" Asuna whispered to Negi. "Think you can beat Chachamaru-san?"

"I couldn't say," replied the boy. "But, I've done all I can to prepare. All that's left is to do my best." His face turned sour for a bit though. "I can't understand why Gohan-san wants me to wear the weighted clothes during the match."

"I'm sure he has his reasons," Asuna said.

"Negi-kun," Makie spoke up, "why is it you think that you can be so good at so many things?"

Negi flinched. He wasn't sure how to respond. He pondered a bit until finally he said, "I guess it's because there's someone I admire, and in order to keep with him, I've decided I'll do whatever it is I have to."

Makie smiled. "Negi-kun, you're so grown-up." This caught Negi and Asuna by surprise. However, they would be brought back to reality when Ayaka spoke up.

"Excuse me for going ahead," Ayaka said, "though you two are taking your time about it, especially you Asuna-san. Don't you have to get ready for tonight?"

"I already know that Ayaka!" Asuna yelled with a blush. Ayaka smiled and went off her way.

Once the coast was clear, the three of them got out of the stall. "Phew," sighed Asuna, "that was close." She then turned to Makie, putting Negi's face in front of her face to explain something to her. "So Maki-chan…about what you said. Take a good look at this brat, here. You don't still think he looks 'grown-up,' do you?"

"I do, actually," replied Makie. "You are grown-up Negi-kun."

"T-Thanks Makie-san," blushed Negi.

Asuna was twitching at the uncomfortable scene. "Well anyways, I need to get going. See you later Negi."

"Asuna-san," Negi said, stopping her in her tracks, "can we come and see the food competition?"

"Well I…"

"Please Asuna," pouted Makie with the puppy-eyed look.

Asuna sighed. "Okay fine, but no funny business. You understand Negi?"

"Of course," Negi responded with a smile, not realizing what the food competition was really about.



* * *



Later that evening…

Negi stood in awe at the scene that he was seeing. The food competition, according to Asuna, was taking place in the school's cafeteria. However, it didn't look like the normal school cafeteria. There was confetti and decorations all over the place. It looked like something that the girls from Class 3-A would do. Negi was amazed at how cute and amazing the place. He was glad that its location was close to the appointed location for Negi's test, so after the competition, Negi wouldn't have to worry about getting late.

Negi walked up to the front end of the cafeteria where there was a judges table, which consisted of the three Son family members: Son Goku, Son Goten and…Son Gohan. All three of them had curious looks on their faces. Well, maybe except for Goten who had the biggest grin on his face and look at everything with an innocent look. As soon as Negi had started walking to the front, Gohan spotted him coming forward and waved hello. "Negi-san!"

"Gohan-san!" Negi waved back at the demi-saiyan. Goku and Goten did similar responses as well.

Negi finally reached to the table. At first, looking at it from a distance, he thought the table was small. However, once he got there, the table was huge. It was enough to feed 100 plates. Negi let out a small smile. If this was going to be a food competition, the table was going to be big enough for the three members of the Son family. "So, Negi-san," said Gohan, which brought back Negi's attention to him, "what brings you here?"

"Asuna-san invited me to the competition," Negi replied. So Asuna-san is part of this? Gohan asked himself as he pondered on what his mother had planned that involved with Asuna. It couldn't be good that's for sure.

"Did she tell anything else?" Gohan asked, wanting to know more of why his mother was so insistent in having him, his dad and his brother here.

"Well, all I know is that it is a food competition," Negi replied. "I tried to ask more about it but she kept refusing to give me more information. I was hoping you could tell me more Gohan-san."

"I'm in the same predicament as you Negi-san," responded the demi-saiyan. "My mother told me to come here and bring along Dad and Goten. That's all I know. I wonder if it has to do with some of the girls in the class having cuts on their fingers."

"That's right," Negi said. "Maybe it had to do–"

"Negi-kun!" yelled Makie as she came from behind and slapped hard on Negi's back, catching Gohan and Negi by surprise.

"Makie-san, what brings you here?" Gohan asked.

"Asuna invited me here, along with Negi-kun," Makie replied with a bright smile. "Ara? What are you doing here Gohan-sensei?"

"Well I…" Before Gohan could say anything, his mother had come into the stage that was in front of them.

"Looks like everyone is here finally," Chi-Chi said to the small audience. "Thank you all for coming. I'm sure you are curious to what is going on. Well, let me explain. When I first came to this academy, I noticed a certain group of girls from Negi-san and Gohan's classroom was lacking in 'moral' values. So I took it upon myself to train them. It was a one week training course and the girls have been doing excellent job. Much better than I expected too. So, as part of the graduation from the course, the girls will cook and serve food to my family: Goku-sa, Gohan, and Goten-chan."

Murmurs heard in the cafeteria, wondering who the girls were. Goku and Goten were both thinking about what delicious food will be served. If one were to look closely, they would have seen Goku salivating a bit from the mouth. Gohan, meanwhile, had a bit of a blush of embarrassment on his face. These girls, whoever they were, would surely kill him after being put through whatever things that his mother made them go through.

"Now," spoke up Chi-Chi, "let's meet the girls." Chi-Chi motioned to the entrance door of the cafeteria. The door opened and revealed darkened figures. No one could see clearly to whom they were, but once they entered into the lighting, the figures revealed themselves to be Konoka, Asuna, Setsuna, Chizuru, Kaede, Misa, Yuna, Haruna, Shiina, and Ku Fei. This had caught a few people by surprise, especially Negi.

"Master Ku?" Negi muttered. Why are these girls here? Negi wondered.

"So girls, are you ready? Did everyone bring their ingredients?" asked Chi-Chi. All the girls nodded, except for Asuna, who had a mild blush on her face. "Good! Let's get started then shall we? I have set up your spot in the kitchen. Use whatever tools you need. And remember the prize girls?" All the girls immediately blushed hard at the thought of the prize. Gohan and Negi wondered what the prize could be.

The girls went to the kitchen, unaware that their cooking would be monitored by cameras set up by none other than Asakura Kazumi. Once the girls entered the kitchen, Chi-Chi closed the door and turned a large monitor in the cafeteria. The large TV monitor displayed each of the girls in a separate screen box. Everyone stood in awe especially Goku and Goten. Chi-Chi smiled. "Now that the girls are inside the kitchen, I will hand over the play-by-play commentating to a special friend of mine…Asakura Kazumi!" Everyone gave a round of applause as Kazumi came into the cafeteria.

"Thank you Chi-Chi-san," Kazumi said as she took over while Chi-Chi smiled went into the kitchen. "As Chi-Chi-san explained, I will handle the commentating while Chi-Chi-san will oversee the cooking. All the excitement for the greatest prize that any girl would dream of…but I won't reveal it just yet. You will have to wait and see." Kazumi looked the clock, then look at the monitor to see Chi-Chi motion her to start the competition. "Alright let the food competition to win Gohan's heart begin!"

"Wait, what?" Gohan said as soon as he heard Kazumi say that statement. But before he could say anything else, a bell had rung. The girls were off to the races in their cooking. Gohan let out a sigh. He was going to have to ask his mother or Kazumi about this competition.

Kazumi took this opportunity to explain the rules of the food competition, "Let me explain the rules: each of the girls has to cook a delicious and sizeable dish in the allotted time of one hour. The girls can use the ingredients and the utensils that they have brought in themselves as they told us what dish they are trying to prepare. Once the allotted time is over, the contestants will bring their dishes up to the judges table to be tasted by our three judges: Son Goku, Son Goten and Son Gohan. They will judge based on taste and…if they would like seconds." Goku perked up at that last part. They were going to give him food…for free? This is heaven! Goku said to himself as his mouth started to salivate some more.

"Now that I have explained the rules, why don't we check on our contestants?" Kazumi said as she motioned to the large monitor. "It seems like our contestants have started their cooking. Good luck to them all."

Negi wished the same, even though he didn't realize that the prize was Gohan's hand in marriage. As the minutes went by, the audience witnessed every little movement made by the girls. Asuna was chopping up her ingredients very badly with chunks of food cut inproportionally. Before she had cut, she placed a huge pot to heat up on the stove. She had also another pot with water heating up. For what? Everyone wondered.

Konoka, on the other hand, was preparing several foods at once. She already started on the sashimi rolls while there were several pans simmering vegetables and meat. After finishing with the rolls, Konoka went ahead and took out a large fish that was in accordance to the season of spring. While cutting the fish and making it ready to be grilled, she check on the rice cooker that she had brought in to make sure that the rice wouldn't be too burned off. She wanted to make sure that the rice was perfect and beautiful, like a certain someone. All the while, she had her usual smile: bright and happy.

Yuna, meanwhile, was going all out. All those days of cooking for her lazy father were going to help her win Chi-Chi's permission and win Gohan's heart. She needed it especially when she was facing against Konoka. She knew that Konoka was a good cook based on what Negi had told her before. But she had the perfect dish to beat her and win the competition as she chopped up the ingredients. She set aside a pot and poured soy sauce, sake (with permission from Chi-Chi of course), sugar and water. She mixed them together to make the sukiyaki sauce. After finishing the mixture, she took out a large pan and poured some oil on it to heat. While the oil was being heated up, she took out the beef and cut out the fat.

As Yuna continued to cut up her ingredients and take out the fat, Setsuna was having some trouble at her station. The usual stoic female warrior was starting to get nervous. Her recipe required for a lot of food to be chopped, which she could do easily, however she was having difficulty in one aspect. Cooking on the stove! She used to get food from the convenience store or order some food but now it came down to the actual cooking. She took a deep breath as she tried to calm herself. But it wasn't working as some smoke was coming from one of the pans. In a panic, Setsuna took out the burnt food but without getting burnt herself.

The crowd flinched. Gohan clenched his fist in worry as he saw Setsuna get burned. She needed help. But before he could do anything, his mother showed up next to her and comforted her a bit before having Setsuna give a nod back to Chi-Chi. She then went back to her cooking. Gohan and Negi let out a sigh of relief. They were going to need Konoka's healing after this competition as well as Negi's test. Gohan sat back down in his stair and looked at monitor to see how the other girls were doing as Kazumi gave out the play-by-play of the competition.

He saw Misa whisking up a bowel that contained Okonomiyaki Flour and water. Gohan wondered what Misa was going to cook since it seemed like she was having a bit of difficulty in whisking a large batch. After a few exhausting minutes, Misa went on to add the necessary ingredients of eggs, cabbage, onions, tenkasu, ginger, shrimp and sausage to the mix. In the meanwhile, she kept checking the temperature of the oil that was on the several pans that she had placed on the stove. Once she saw that the oil was hot enough, she put the mixture on the pan. However, she was having some difficulty with something. Everyone was unsure on what was the trouble. All they could see was Misa starting to panic a bit. (Misa was getting panicked by the shape since she wanted to make it perfect for the presentation.)

Chizuru, on the other hand, was calm as a whistle. She had cut out the fat from the beef tenderloin and was now grilling it on a pan. In the meantime, she kept mixing a heat pot that was next to the pan with a wooden spoon. After a few minutes of cooking, she cut a piece of the beef to check on how well it was done. She had remembered that Gohan mentioned that he liked medium-well done meat. Thus, she had to make sure that the beef was cooked to his taste. When she cut open a piece, she noticed that the inside was still a bit red. It still needs a bit more, she said to herself. She lowered the temperature a bit on the pan so as to let the meat cook a little bit more slowly as she prepared to roast some spring onions.

Shiina, who had started on a good track, stared a bit at her cooking and it looked as though she was a bit unsure on something. She had already cutted the ingredients to the necessary size and had already heat up the oven necessary for the meat rolls. Each of the rolls had different things inside that corresponded, to what she felt, to each character. For example, with Goku, she put in some extra ham inside especially after what Gohan told her that his father liked meat and ham. For Goten, she put in some corn since he was a little kid. For Gohan, she put some heart-shaped vegetables inside since she didn't really get a response from Gohan on what things he really liked. Shiina hoped for the best, which in most cases luck had always gone her way.

But luck was definitely not on Ku Fei's side. She had started okay with her dish but after a few minutes, a dish was turning into a disaster. She was supposed to pour a little bit of soy sauce in her noodles but being forgetful as she was, she had put a little bit too much soy sauce on the noodles as she cooked them over a pan. At the same time, her meats and vegetables were starting to get to turn into a different color all together. However, unlike Setsuna and Misa, Ku Fei was not panicking but rather calm in this kind of situation. When Kazumi motioned to her screen in her play-by-play commentary, everyone present in the audience sweatdropped at the sight of her smile amongst the chaos. Kazumi was left a bit speechless for a few seconds before she motioned to another screen that had Kaede on it.

Kaede, unlike with the others, was simply staring at a large teapot that contained water in it. Everyone was curious to what she was going to do with the teapot. Probably some complicated dish. But once the teapot sounded off, Kaede just simply took it and pour it in some instant ramen noodles cups. Everyone face-faulted when they saw Kaede put the ramen on a plate and say that it was done. It probably has to do with her ninja training, Gohan guessed.

He then looked over at Haruna's screen as Haruna had finished cooking up her noodles for her dish. Now she was preparing to mix the ingredients that she had cutted up before inside a heated pan with a little bit of oil. She had already stir-fried the pork and now was the time to mix it up with the cutted ingredients. All she had to do now was stir-fry everything and then steam with some water over the pan. She had a smiled, pleased that everything was going ok. All the girls, though some more than others, were pleased with how their dishes were turning out and after one hour, the dishes were ready to serve.

"Alright everyone stop!" Kazumi yelled. "The allotted time has expired. It is now time for the tasting!" Goku and Goten perked up. After waiting for an hour and watching the food get prepared, they were ready to eat anything. Gohan was getting hungry as well. "First, let's start with Konoe Konoka's dish!" Kazumi yelled, prompting Konoka to come out from the kitchen.

Konoka had a big smile on her face. She was sure to have won this competition as she brought her dish in a cart. Once next to the judge's table, Konoka handed out three separate dishes for each corresponding person. The boys then proceeded to eat each of the plates that were served. Kazumi walked up to her, ready to ask what her dish was. "So Konoka-san, what dish have cooked for our judges."

"Well, I wasn't sure at first on what to cook for the family," Konoka said. "But after thinking of how Gohan-kun and his family eat so much, I decided to do a Kaiseki."

"Kaiseki?"

"That's right," nodded Konoka. "I made some sashimi rolls as an appetizer, also known as Mukozuke. Then I went with Takiawase to serve as a first course with vegetables served a well-cooked meat. And finally, as the main course, I did a Yakimono in which I broiled three separate fish to go with each person."

"Amazing Konoka," Kazumi said with a hint of jealousy. "Simply amazing."

"What can I say," giggled Konoka. "I just simply want to win." Of course you do, Kazumi thought to herself jealously.

"Alright, thank you Konoka," Kazumi said as she turned to the table to see all the plates cleared of their food. She gaped at the quickness. How can they eat so fast? "Now that we see that our judges have eaten the food, why don't we ask if they want seconds?"

Goku, Goten and Gohan immediately looked up and said simultaneously, "More please!"

Kazumi sweat-dropped a bit. "Well there you have it folks. Konoka was able to get our judges to ask for seconds. Great job Konoka!" Everyone in audience clapped their hands at the achievement. "Now let's go to our next contestant, Sakurazaki Setsuna!"

Setsuna came out from the kitchen at the sound of Kazumi's announcement, carrying out her tray of food. Gohan saw that Setsuna's face didn't much confidence in it. It was probably because of seeing how Konoka made an amazing dish. It was very unusual. "Now Setsuna, what have you brought out for our judges today?"

"Well, there was a restaurant in Kyoto that we went to during the trip," Setsuna said with a slight blush. "It was an amazing place called Restaurant Okumura. We went there for lunch and Gohan-sensei had eaten the French Osechi offered there. He commented how the food was great and had wished that he had brought his family there. So I thought why not make the same dish and serve it to his family."

"Very interesting Setsuna," Kazumi said. "It looks you had your eye on Gohan-kun for a while then."

"No!" blushed Setsuna. "I just thought it would be a nice dish to serve."

"Then why don't we ask them how they felt about it?" Kazumi said as she turned around to see three satisfied customers. However, she noticed that they still had 'I'm still hungry' look their faces, even after eating a large amount of food. "Well?"

"It was really good!" All three Sons said simultaneously.

"Nii-chan was right about this!" Goten commented. "It was really good!" Goku and Gohan nodded in agreement. Setsuna bowed slightly to try to hide away her happy and blushed face from the audience, especially from one demi-saiyan.

"Thank you Setsuna! Let's give her a round of applause," Kazumi said, prompting the audience to clap their hands in unison. Setsuna bowed in front of the audience and then left. Once hidden away from the audience, Setsuna clenched her fist in happiness at such an achievement. However, that gesture didn't escape Kazumi's eyes as her face was starting to show more and more jealousy on it. She was starting to regret on not entering in the competition.

"Now let's present our next contestant, Ku Fei!" At the sound of the announcement, Ku Fei brought along her cart of dishes, confident about her skills. However, the audience thought different as they all gaped at the sight of the dishes. Kazumi was the same as well. "W-What did you make Ku Fei?" She had to ask since it was definitely not Chow Mein, the dish that she said she would cook.

Ku Fei pondered a bit. "Hmmmm…I don't know-aru," she said with a smile, which caused everyone to face-fault. Gohan sweat-dropped at the comment and so did Goku and Goten too.

"W-Well why don't we have our judges taste it then?" Kazumi said with a worrisome voice. She hoped that Ku Fei's dish wouldn't kill the judges, especially Gohan.

The plates were served and the three Sons simply started at it for a while, until finally Gohan took the first bite. He gulped the food and with a fake smile, said, "Hmm…very good." He tried to portray a good face instead of that of disgust. He didn't want to hurt Ku Fei's feelings. Goku and Goten, after seeing Gohan take the plunge, decided to do the same. All three of them ate the dish and were able to finish it.

"Finished," said the three of them simultaneously. Ku Fei had a huge smile on her face and danced around happily. She, however, didn't see the faces of disgust on the three Sons since they wanted to puke the food out.

"Thank you Ku Fei," Kazumi said as she guided the Chinese martial artist off the stage. Kazumi needed to act quickly and give the judges something delicious to eat to get the bad taste out of the way. "Let's bring in our next contestant, Akashi Yuna!"

Yuna came out from the kitchen with her cart of food, confident that she will win, especially that she was going to go after Ku Fei and her disastrous dish. She served each of the dishes to the judges and within seconds, the three judges had finished them. All three of them had satisfied looks on their faces.

Kazumi walked up to Yuna and asked, "So Yuna, what did you cook for our judges even though they had eaten it so quickly?"

"Well," Yuna replied, "I made a Beef Sukiyaki."

"Sukiyaki?"

"That's right. I remembered that Gohan had once mentioned that there was a restaurant in Satan City that he went to that had great Sukiyaki," Yuna explained. "After much research, I went ahead and tried to make a more delicious Sukiyaki and added more meat than usual since I heard that the Son family likes meat."

"I see," responded Kazumi. "So judges, how was Yuna's dish?" Goku and Goten gave her the thumbs up. Yuna was unsure what that meant until Gohan explained with a smile.

"When Goten and Dad do that," explained the demi-saiyan, "it means that the meal was excellent, which I couldn't agree more."

Yuna smiled. "Thank you Gohan-kun. Thank you Goku-san, Goten-chan!" The audience applauded as Yuna left the stage with a happy look on her face. Kazumi clenched her fist. Her jealousy was starting to show more and more as she regretted even more.

"Alright! Up next is our own Mahora ninja, Nadese Kaede!" At the sound of her name, Kaede appeared out of thin air, catching the audience in awe. Goten had sparkles all over his face.

"That was so cool!" He exclaimed with a huge Son grin.

"So Kaede, what are you going to serve us?" Kazumi asked.

"Ramen!" Kaede replied, showing three bowls of cooked ramen.

"Don't you mean instant ramen?" Kazumi muttered.

"What do you mean instant de-gozarou?" Kaede asked. Kazumi didn't respond. Kaede shrugged and gave the three bowls to Goku, Goten and Gohan. In one gulp, the three Sons quickly finished their bowls. All three of them had satisfied looks on their faces.

"More please!"

Kaede smiled and before Kazumi could ask why she chose ramen, she disappeared in a puff of smoke, leaving behind an awed audience. Negi noticed that Kaede had a blush on her face before she disappeared. He wondered why. Kazumi cleared her throat as she went through the list of contestants.

Each one came through and presented their dish. Chizuru was the first as she brought out her dish which was Grilled Beef Tenderloin with grilled Spring onions and as a side dish, miso soup. The three Sons proceeded to eat the food at their usual pace with Gohan noticing that the meat had been cooked to his exact liking. He looked at Chizuru, who was smiling and blushing at the sight of the three of them eating, wondering how she knew about it. He would ask her later as he saw his brother trying to grab a piece of his beef. Gohan brushed off his brother's hand and continued to eat. All three of them had agreed that Chizuru's dish was delicious.

Up next was Haruna. She brought out her dish, which was Yakisoba. She presented the dish to the judges and immediately ate it without hesitation. Gohan noticed while he was eating that some of the vegetables in the dish were shaped differently. Upon closer inspection, some of the shapes had some perverted acts that involved two certain people (I won't get into much more detail than that). Gohan choked a bit on his food once he saw it. He somehow knew that it was coming and after the competition, he was going to have a talk with her later. But overall, the dish was delicious that much was certain.

Next up was Misa. Her dish was Okonomiyaki and looked simply delicious. However, Gohan had noticed that the dish was shaped weirdly. He shrugged off and proceeded to eat it like his father and his brother were doing. The attempted shape however, didn't escape from Kazumi as she saw what Misa was trying to do. She had tried to shape the dish into one of the important characters that Chi-Chi had taught them during their week long training. She was definitely trying to suck up to Gohan's mom! Luckily, Kazumi was the only one to notice it as Gohan, Goku and Goten quickly ate the dish and had satisfied looks on their faces. Misa, to say the least, was very pleased. Kazumi was going to later reprimand her especially the fact that she has a boyfriend for crying out loud!

Shiina was next as she brought out her dish, Meat rolls. Everyone in the audience was a bit confused on why she chose to do meat rolls since the appearance of the dish didn't look that appetizing. However, that didn't stop the boys from eating it. Each one of them cut open the meat roll and noticed that the roll had something in it. Goku's had a lot of ham stuffed in, Goten's had corn in it, and Gohan's had heart-shaped leaves. Despite that though, the boys had failed to realize what they had inside as they ate the meat. All of them felt like their mouths were melting away due to the taste. They all had extremely satisfied looks on their faces after finishing the dish. Shiina had a pleased look on her face while Kazumi and the other girls simply looked at her with envy. Damn her luck!

"Thank you Shiina for an amazing dish," Kazumi said jealously. "Now, let's bring out our last contestant, Kagurazaka Asuna!" Asuna came out from the kitchen with her tray in hand, ready to serve her dish to the three judges. But as she was bringing the cart to the table, the audience couldn't help but noticed something was strange about the dish. It looked strange and it smelt…very bad. The smell was just unbearable. Some people in the audience couldn't help but run to the bathroom to puke. Some passed out due to the smell. Others simply fled. Everyone started to think on what the hell kind of dish did Asuna make?

Asuna presented to the three Sons her dish as she gave a plate to each one. Goku, Goten, and Gohan simply stared at the plate for a while, trying to figure out what the hell it was. The dish consisted of a black substance with badly copped vegetables in it, bursting out bubbles like it was mud or lava. The substance was spread across a badly cooked rice which looked burnt and hard. Kazumi definitely had to ask, "So Asuna, what dish did you make?"

"Huh?" Asuna said. "Can't you tell?" Kazumi was silent in her response. "It's curry!"

"Oh curry," Kazumi said, "I see." What the hell kind of curry is that? Kazumi said to herself and she wasn't the only one. Negi started to have the shivers as he remembered when Asuna cooked a meal for him. He was sick for a week and they had to get a substitute teacher for the class. Negi hoped that the Son family would be okay after eating.

The three Sons continued to stare at their plate, wondering if they should eat it. Goku was about to walk out because of the smell, due to his nose being very sensitive to smell (like a dog). However, once he saw Chi-Chi, he knew that he had to stay seated and eat the food that was prepared for him. Goten was about to cry due to the smell but was stopped when he saw his mother and knew instinctively, like his father, that he had to eat this.

Gohan on the other hand was different. Unlike his family, Gohan had to stay seated and eat the dish simply because Asuna would later kill him if he didn't. He'd rather not face Asuna's wrath. He gulped and took a spoonful of the food and ate it. Everyone looked at him, worried that Gohan might get sick or in a worst case scenario, die! Gohan gulped the food, sweat sliding down his face as he tried to put a fake smile. "D-D-Delicious," Gohan said.

Asuna's face light up with a smile, happy to hear Gohan's compliment. Goku and Goten decided to follow Gohan's action and took a bite from Asuna's food. The two of them tried their very best in not throwing up as the two of them and Gohan ate Asuna's food. As everyone watched them eat, Negi had a newfound respect for Gohan as a person, even though his respect towards Gohan was already high enough as it was.

Once they were finished, Goku, Goten and Gohan simply said simultaneously, "That was a good meal." Everyone clapped their hands hard as they praised the Sons for their courage in eating such a meal. Kazumi wanted to go over and comfort Gohan to make sure that he was alright but couldn't do so when Chi-Chi came onto the stage.

"Thank you girls for such excellent dishes," Chi-Chi said. "They all looked very…appetizing." She gave a glare towards Asuna, who immediately flinched but didn't know why. "And now for our winner…Gohan-chan, would be so kind as to tell us whose dish was most delicious and plentiful?"

Gohan started to sweat nervously. Why was he the one being asked? Couldn't Goku or Goten answer that as well? "W-W-Well…" muttered the demi-saiyan, "all the dishes were really good and delicious…so I guess, everyone won." The girls face-faulted at his answer. Asuna, blushing, walked up to Gohan and hit him hard in the head with her fan.

"Baka!" she yelled blushingly.

"What? What did I do?" Gohan asked. He was curious as to why Asuna hit him and why the girls face-faulted.

Chi-Chi let out a loud cough to get everyone's attention. "Okay girls, I guess that means you have to try a bit harder next time!" She said with a smile. "Don't give up! Remember what I taught you and use those skills to win his heart! Got it?" The girls, except for Asuna, all nodded. "Good, everyone is dismissed!"

The food competition was over. Gohan let out a sigh of relief. He was worried that the competition would have involved something worse but thankfully it wasn't. However, I am curious as to what Mom said about 'win his heart'? Gohan wondered. He shrugged, thinking that he would ask his mother later. But right now, he was needed to be somewhere else as he noticed the time. He looked at Negi and both of them nodded. It was time.



* * *



A few minutes later…

Eva, Chachamaru, and Chachazero were waiting at the appointed location. "Hey master I can't see the match from here, put me down in a better spot" said Zero.

"You're pretty noisy for someone who's completely useless" Eva replied in an annoyed tone.

"It's not my fault that I can't move" she shot back before she felt herself be picked up and placed on someone's head.

"That better?" asked the stranger which caused Eva to turn around and face the small figure.

"Huh? Who the hell are you?" Eva asked irately.

"I'm Goten," said the happy demi-saiyan with his Son grin.

"That grin…are you related to the assistant by any chance?" Eva asked.

"Assistant? What's that?" Goten asked.

"Assistant to the teacher," Eva responded.

"Oh," Goten nodded. "Yup! Why do you ask? Do you like Onii-chan?"

"Of course not!" Eva yelled with a blush. "What kind of question is that?"

"I don't know," Goten replied. "Anyways, what are you doing out here?"

"Waiting for a dimwit," Eva said.

"Oh," nodded Goten. "What's a dimwit?"

Eva was starting to get irritated by the little demi-saiyan, if one wasn't enough. "Baka," she muttered with a blush, "You're just like the assistant." Goten didn't hear the last part and so decided to play around with Chachazero while Chachamaru walked up to Eva.

"Master is this really ok? The odds of Negi-sensei being able to hit me even once are below 3%. It would be insincere of you not to at least give him a chance to succeed master," said Chachamaru.

"Hey don't get me wrong Chachamaru I'm not looking for an apprentice" said Eva. "I'm making a special exception here letting him pass if he hits you once. If the boy can't even manage that then it's his fault. Don't go easy on him you got that Chachamaru," she ordered.

"Alright understood" Chachamaru nodded.

Eva took out her watch "It about time…"

"Evangeline-san!" shouted the approaching Negi. "Negi Springfield is here for the apprenticeship test!" the clock bell tolled as it turned midnight.

"You came after all boya. Well then let's hurry up and get started. If you can hit Chachamaru even once with your Kung Fu then you'll pass. The match continues until you're dead and you can't attack anymore you got that?"

Negi nodded. "Are those all the conditions?" responded Negi.

"Hm yeah that's fine but more importantly…" she pointed to the crowd of girls that had followed Negi "Can't you do something about you're damn audience?" she shouted annoyed since they were all waving hello.

"Ahhaha they just followed me…" he muttered rubbing the back of his head.

Ako, Akira, Yuna, Konoka, Setsuna, Ku Fei, Asuna, Makie, Goku and Gohan were all cheering for Negi even if some of them didn't know what was going on. "Negi-kun, are you going to be okay?" asked Makie

"Just leave it to me Makie-san. I'll use the results of my training to the full," he told her giving her the thumbs up.

"Calm down and go for it-aru," said Ku Fei waving.

"Yes master Ku" he replied making Eva pout a bit.

"Chachamaru-san please," Negi bowed as Chachamaru removed her skirt to leave herself in shorts. "I will be your opponent."

"Wait Negi-san!" Gohan yelled.

"Yes Gohan-san?" Negi responded, unsure to what Gohan was going to say.

"Shouldn't you take off your weighted clothes first?" Gohan said with a smirk on his face. Negi immediately shone with a smile as he nodded. He proceeded to take off the weighted shirt, the wristbands and the leg bracers. All of the clothes landing with a thud on the ground, with some cracks appearing.

"Wow," all the girls present said at the sight.

Goku smiled at the scene. So far he was impressed on how Gohan was training Negi. And he wasn't the only one. Gohan himself was smiling too. "Now Negi-san, I want you to try to feel as if the weights were still on you."

"Huh?"

"Trust me on this Negi-san," Gohan said. Negi nodded as he turned his attention to Chachamaru, who was inputting new data into her systems.

Makie, Ku Fei and Asuna were all slightly worried. "He'll be ok right Ku Fei?" asked Asuna

"Well Chachamaru is pretty strong from what I've heard; Gohan has even praised her ability. If this drags out he'll be at a disadvantage. Negi-bouzu has no chance if he doesn't counter within the first minute-aru."

"I'm sure that he will do fine," Goku spoke up. "After all, Gohan was there to supervise him. Right Gohan?"

Gohan nodded. "Right Dad. I think Negi-san will be in a shock. And so will Chachamaru-san."

"Begin!"

Chachamaru instantly charged in for an attack. Negi blocked her incoming punch before quickly blocking the swing of her other fist, spinning lightly as he moved to slam his elbow into Chachamaru's stomach, only for the Robot girl to block with a fist, pushing him away. Chachamaru put some distance between her and Negi, obviously impressed by Negi's sudden increase in speed.

"Close," Ku Fei said with awe especially at Negi's speed. She wasn't the only one too. All the girls present were in awe, especially Eva.

How did he become so fast? Eva asked herself with a bit rage. Was this the assistant's doing?

This is incredible, Negi said to himself as he proceeded with another attack against Chachamaru. I am so fast that I can't even keep up with myself. Did Gohan-san know that this was going to happen all along? That doesn't matter. Thanks to this, I will win for sure!

The two fighters continued, Negi getting close to hitting Chachamaru only to have her block at the last second each time. Chachamaru was caught a bit off guard by Negi's sudden increase in speed. While she blocked another attack from Negi, she changed her parameters for the new data. She also increased her speed to match that of Negi's.

The girls, meanwhile, were watching anxiously from afar, unsure of what would happen next. Gohan watched intently, noticing all of Chachamaru's openings for himself but he knew he couldn't say anything. And he wasn't the only one. Goku and Goten were noticing them too. However, Goku was starting to notice something off about Negi's movement.

"Increasing his speed by wearing such heavy clothes is quite an achievement," Evangeline commented. Especially the fact that he was pumping magic and some bits of ki into his muscles to overcome the weight, Eva said to herself. The assistant knew what he was doing, however... Eva let out a smirk. "He's still no match for Chachamaru," she said as Chachamaru knocked Negi away with a nice kick.

"Negi-kun!" Makie called out worriedly as Negi slowly rose to his feet slowly, Chachamaru charging forward to hit him again.

"It's a feint," Goku said. "Won't work though."

As Chachamaru took a swing at Negi, Negi suddenly began moving if he was not hurt, grabbing her swung fist before pulling the robot girl towards himself, intending to slam the elbow of his other arm into her chest. Chachamaru used the momentum to send herself over his head, surprising the girls watching as Chachamaru swung around and aimed a kick to Negi's back, forcing the boy to let go of her arm as he sailed away, skipping off the ground a few times before finally skidding to a stop.

"Hmph", Evangline huffed, seeming quit unhappy at the conclusion, "Well that's that..."

"Is that so?" Goten asked, gaining a confused look from Evangeline. "Look again."

Evangeline looked to Negi, finding the boy was slowly moving back to his feet. "I'm not done yet!" Negi called out, smirking as he made it back to his feet.

"Negi-kun!" Make called out, glad he was alright.

"What are you talking about?" Evangeline asked drolly, shooing him away. "The match is over, time for little boys to go to bed, shoo!"

"The condition was 'until I die'," said a smirking Negi. "So that means there's no time, right?"

"W-What?" Eva said. "Don't tell me that you're…"

"Hehehe," interrupted Negi. "That's right. I'm going to stick at it until I land one hit, no matter how long it takes. Chachamaru-san! Let's continue!"

"B-but sensei," Chachamaru began to refuse. Gohan couldn't help but smile at Negi's determination; however, his fists were clenched hard in nervousness. I admire your determination Negi-san, Gohan said to himself. I really do, but there is a limit to what you can do right now.

Negi charged forward but ended up being elbowed in the back by Chachamaru. "Mm an extended battle. This is bad-aru, his speed has suddenly dropped by a lot. What's wrong-aru?" Ku Fei asked.

"That's because the contract cut out…" said Asuna, not liking to have to watch Negi get pummeled.

"No, that's not it," Gohan said sternly which caused Asuna to turn her attention towards him. "Negi-san never did a magical contract."

"What? So you mean that the speed increase was because of…" trailed Asuna.

"That's right," responded Goku. "Because he was wearing weighted clothes. However, Gohan had failed to train him on one thing."

"On what?" Konoka asked.

"His reaction speed," replied Gohan with a bit of frustration behind his voice.

"What?" Asuna said. "What does reaction speed have to do with anything?"

"Think about it Asuna-san," Gohan said. "It is true that Negi-san's speed has increased, but his reactions haven't. His body is moving so fast that his brain has yet to register that new speed. His body is moving faster than his brain can process! Chachamaru-san realized this and has already timed his attacks." Gohan clenched his fists in frustration. Dammit! How could have I failed to see something like that? I'm so sorry Negi-san!

Negi was on his knees from the last blow. "Chachamaru-san...P…Please fight me seriously. There's no point to me winning if you go easy on me," panted Negi.

"B…But…" she tried to say.

"Robot girl," Goku said sternly. "Do it and hold nothing back," Goku ordered coldly.

"Goku…what the hell?" cried Asuna at him.

"Understood…" replied Chachamaru smacking Negi to the side.

The match went on with all the girls watching Negi get weaker and slower with each passing minute. "Dad, what the hell? It's obvious that Negi-san can't win this fight," Gohan said as he looked at his father with a bit of anger behind his voice.

Goku looked at his son sternly. "Gohan, this fight is Negi's. He chose this for himself. We shouldn't get involved." Gohan clenched his teeth and fists as he continued to watch Negi being plummeted by Chachamaru's attacks.

After an hour, despite his injuries sustained by Chachamaru, Negi was still standing. "Negi-sensei…" said Chachamaru concerned.

"Hey come on boy isn't that enough. So you're motivated I get the point already ok?" Evangeline said wanting this to stop now.

"N…No not yet…I'm not giving up yet…" said Negi the left side of his face bruised and swollen and tried to attack but Chachamaru just kicked him in the side of his head. The girls watching all cried for it to stop.

"I…I can't watch this anymore I'm going to stop him," said Asuna, pulling out her card.

"Let's go Asuna-san, Ku Fei-san!" shouted Gohan. Ku Fei nodded.

"This continues till he stops," said Goku stepping in front of Gohan and the others.

"Out of the way Dad. I refuse to let this happen to Negi-san! Just look at him!" he yelled at Goku.

"You stop it and all of his efforts will be wasted," Goku said, giving Gohan and Asuna a stern look. "You can't always be there to protect him."

Makie then stood beside Goku. "He's right, don't stop him," she said with tears.

"But look, even though he's badly injured he's still tried really hard to get to this point," Asuna tried to argue.

"I know what you're thinking…I know but I think it would be terrible for Negi-kun if you stopped him now. Didn't Negi-kun say he'd try his best no matter what!" she shouted.

"But he's just a kid who doesn't know any better. He's just being stubborn I've got to stop him…" Goku put a hand on Asuna's shoulder to stop her.

"Look carefully and you'll see that's not true," Goku said.

Makie nodded. "Negi-kun is an adult."

"Maki-chan, even if that's what you said at the showers no matter how you look at him he's…" Asuna argued before being cut off by Makie.

"A child could never be stubborn to this point. I can't express it well but I think Negi-kun is prepared," Makie said.

Asuna was taken aback. "Prepared?" she asked.

"Un, Negi-kun has an objective and he's decided to give everything he has to achieve it. Asuna do you, your friends or your senpai know any boys who have an objective like Negi-kun does? Not just someone with a vague ambiguous dream but someone who can say 'This is what I've decided to live for'?" the other girls were in awe in her words and how straight forward she was. "Negi-kun is an adult like Gohan-sensei. He's got an objective and he's doing his best to achieve it so …so you can't stop him now…"

"Maki-chan," said a surprised Asuna and she wasn't the only one. Gohan felt the same way too. Goku smiled at Makie's words.

Eva started to blush after hearing Makie's words. Hmph…she said to herself, all this coming from a third-year brat…

"M-Makie-san," Chachamaru muttered. However, she failed to realize Negi was right behind her.

"Ah!" Evangeline called out, catching him. "Chachamaru!"

CLANG!

Everyone stared at the scene of Negi hitting Chachamaru on her right cheek with Chachamaru herself surprised.

"I-I hit," Negi managed to say before dropping to the ground; exhausted from the fight he had just endured.

"He did it!" The girls and Gohan cheered, rushing over to help the unconscious boy.

"Ch-Chachamaru!" Evangeline growled as the frowning Robot girl.

"S-sorry Master".

"It's okay," Eva muttered as everyone congregated around Negi.

Negi awoke soon after. "Th…The test…?" he asked with little strength he had left.

"Don't worry Negi," said Asuna.

"You passed Negi-kun," added Makie.

"Hmph I lose boya, you can come to my cottage any time and I'll train you just like I promised. OH and one more thing you should jeep learning that Kung Fu of yours" said Eva walking away as Chachamaru bowed. "Everyone needs to have some physical skill; Kung Fu suits someone logical like you. Continue with what you have been doing especially with the weighted clothes. It seems the assistant's training was better than I expected."

"Right," Negi said happily. "Thank you Evangeline-san."

"You did great Negi-san," Gohan said. "I'm proud of you."

"Thank you Gohan-san," Negi said. "I'm sorry that I doubted you."

"Don't worry about it," Gohan said, "because starting tomorrow, I'm going to add more weight to your training."

Negi chuckled and smiled, too weak to protest. Makie knelt beside Negi. "Well done…Negi-kun."

"Yes," Negi responded. "You do your best too, Makie-san."

"Un!" nodded Makie. "Leave it to me, Negi-kun!" Negi smiled as he was helped up by the girls and took him back to the dormitories to be healed up. Goten went along with the group after saying goodbye to Zero, hoping to play with her again. Goku and Gohan stood behind as they saw everyone walk into the distance. Everything was silent until Gohan spoke up.

"Dad…"

"Mm?"

"I want to learn the Kaio-ken."



* * *



Author's note: Hey everybody! I hope you enjoyed the last part of the Family arc! By the way, I will have the links to the pictures of the foods that the girls were or trying to present up on my profile page if you are curious to know what they look like. It took a while to figure out which dishes to do but after much research, I went with these based on their personality. So I hoped you enjoyed reading the arc, but there is still more to come with another non-Negima canon arc right around the corner!

READ AND REVIEW! Let me know what you guys thought of the arc! See you next week! Peace!





*Chapter 14*: Search for the Dragon Balls!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. See chapter 1 for details.

Author's note: Hey everybody! Hope everyone had a good week! I'm glad that people liked the Son family arc. I had a lot of fun writing it, especially the food competition. The highlight for me personally was the badly made Chow Mein and Asuna's dish. Sorry to the Asuna fans out there. Hehehe. It was just something that came into mind when thinking about what dish she would come up with.

But anyways, I want to thank naioka1992 for beta-reading this chapter. So, I present to you Chapter 14 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 14: A New Threat Approaches! Search for the Dragon Balls!

BEEP! BEEP! BEEP!...SLAM!

"You didn't need to wake me up stupid clock," muttered Yuna as she got up from her bed. "I'm already awake." She had been awake for the past half an hour, and had barely slept the night before due to nervousness. Today was a special day…Today was the date with Son Gohan! "Kyahh," she muttered, blushingly as she saw the calendar - today's date had a circle around it as well as some hearts too. "Today is going to be an awesome day!"

Yuna then quickly got out of bed, took a long shower, got dressed in the cutest way possible (in order to impress Gohan), checked herself in the mirror to make she didn't miss a spot with her makeup, said goodbye to the picture of her mother and went off. As she closed the door, she had the biggest smile on her face. She was extremely excited about the date. After all, she was going to get ahead of everyone else after what had happened with the food competition. This is going to be great, Yuna thought to herself happily. Maybe it will turn out really good. Maybe we'll get to…

Yuna's imagination

"Wow Yuna-san, I had so much fun with you, unlike with the others," Gohan said, dressed up nicely for the date, as he was walking side by side with Yuna in the district. "It was the best date ever."

"Thank you Gohan-kun," Yuna said with a blush. "I really had a great time."

"Me too Yuna-san," Gohan said as he turned his head towards Yuna's. "I had such a great time that I finally realized something."

"What?" Yuna asked.

"That I am in love with you Yuna-san," Gohan confessed. "I finally realized my true feelings for you." Gohan leaned over to give a kiss as he closed his eyes and put out his mouth.

"Oh Gohan-kun…" Yuna muttered as she did the same as she leaned towards Gohan, ready to give a kiss as well.

End of Yuna's imagination

"Kyahh!" Yuna squeaked as she stopped herself from imagining herself from kissing Gohan on the lips. "I got to control myself! Otherwise, I will be nervous throughout the date!"

"What date?" said a voice. Yuna turned around to see a half-asleep Asuna standing outside her door.

"Asuna, you're up early," Yuna said.

"Well, you kind of woke me up early with your shouting," Asuna said as she rubbed her eyes.

Yuna flinched. "Oh sorry about that," Yuna said with an embarrassed look on her face as she rubbed the back of her neck. I guess I couldn't keep my excitement in, Yuna said to herself.

"So why are you up so early?" Asuna asked. "I heard you talking about a date. With whom?"

"Well," Yuna said as she twiddled her fingers in embarrassment. "Son Gohan," she muttered.

"Who?" Asuna asked again since she didn't hear the first time.

"N-No one really," Yuna said. "Just some guy that met when I was looking around for ingredients for the food competition." Yuna clenched her fists in worry, hoping that Asuna bought that.

And she did. "Okay," Asuna replied. "Be careful though. You know there are predators out there ready to pounce on innocent girls."

"Geez Asuna, you sound like my dad," Yuna said. "But thanks for the support. I'll tell you more about it later. Bye!" Yuna waved as she ran down the hallway towards the stairs and out the building.

"Bye!" Asuna waved back as she watched Yuna run along the hallways and into the staircase. Once cleared, she closed the door and headed back to the room. She noticed Konoka get up from her bed half-asleep.

"Who was that Asuna?" Konoka asked.

"It was just Yuna," Asuna replied. "She was heading out for a date with some guy."

"You mean Gohan-kun?" Konoka said.

"Huh?"

"During the Kyoto trip, Yuna won a prize that consisted of having a date with Gohan-kun during Golden week," Konoka said.

"Oh," Asuna nodded with a smile, but in reality she was furious. Yuna had lied to her. How dare she do that to me? Asuna said angrily to herself. When did she get a date with Gohan? I wanted to have one with him bef…wait a second! Why am I getting jealous over Gohan? I hate that dark haired idiot! Just think of Takahata-sensei! Asuna shook her head. "Anyways Konoka, we need to get ready. Negi told us to meet up with him this morning."

"Oh that's right!" Konoka said as she stretched her arms and went to get changed. Asuna did the same, while contemplating on how to punish Yuna for her transgression.



* * *



Meanwhile…

Gohan was in his futon as he slept like a rock. After all that had happened with his family visiting, he was finally able to have some peace and quiet in his room. Goten had wanted to stay longer but thankfully his mother was able to take him back. However, Gohan didn't get the chance to ask his mother on what was the purpose of the food competition or even the training that she did with the girls. He will have to ask her about it later because right now, he just wanted to sleep.

But something was tugging him in the back of his mind as he was sleeping. He knew that it was his day off especially since it was the start of Golden Week… "CRAP!" He yelled as he sat up quickly from his bed. "Holy crap! I almost forgot! I have a date with Yuna-san today! I completely forgot!" He looked at his clock and flinched. "Oh shit! I am so late! I completely forgot to set up the alarm. Stupid Gohan, stupid."

Gohan quickly got out of his bed and immediately went to the bathroom to take a quick shower. A few minutes later, he got out and quickly got dressed. He put on a long sleeve blue shirt, light blue shorts, with boots from Capsule Corporation. He went out of his apartment and closed the door behind him. He ran in the hallways but once he passed by the security gate, he noticed the time and immediately knew that he was going to be late if he didn't pick up the speed.

So once outside, he decided that was going to use super speed to get to the location where he was supposed to meet up with Yuna. He quickly checked to make sure no one was watching. Once the coast was clear, he quickly ran to the location, hoping that he wouldn't make Yuna wait too long for him.



* * *



In front of the fountain, Mahora district

Yuna sighed. "I got here too early," she said as she looked at her watch. She had arrived 15 minutes early and Gohan was nowhere in sight. Of course he wouldn't be, Yuna said to herself. I got here 15 minutes early than I was supposed to. Yuna shook her head. It didn't matter anymore. What was done is done already. It was time to face the present and wait for Gohan.

As she stood waiting, she noticed that there a commotion going on. She walked a bit closer to see what the deal was. As she got closer, she kept hearing a voice coming from that direction, "People of Earth! A great crisis is upon us! A great evil is coming to Earth and needs to be stopped! Only with the help of the great hero Tapion can this be achieved!" The voice was coming from rather strange looking person, according to Yuna's eyes. It was an old man, dressed in priest robes that were colored yellow. He wore a long black hat that some Japanese priests wore. He had white hair that was bristled and mangled. However, the odd thing was that he was pink and had two antennas coming from his cheeks.

Once Yuna arrived there, she noticed that the old man was about to be interviewed by a local TV news station. "I'm here at the Mahora district where everyone is enjoying their Golden Week in their own way," said the reporter. "While most of the people are taking their days off from work, some people like this old man still have to earn a living. Let's ask him why he is out instead of relaxing."

The reporter walked up to the old man, catching him by surprise when she put the microphone in front of his face. "Excuse me, may I ask why are you out here?" asked the reporter.

"I am out here because I am trying to warn everyone that the world as we know is coming to an end!" exclaimed the old man.

The reporter chuckled, finding it amusing on the old man's 'delusions.' "And how, may I ask, is the world coming to an end?"

"A great evil is coming to Earth and the only one who can save is the great hero Tapion," the old man replied.

"Where is this 'Tapion'?" The reporter asked.

"In this music box," the old man replied as he took a weird looking object. At first it seemed like an artistic box, with decorations alongside the borders of the white box, but upon closer inspection there was ratchet lever on the side. It was indeed a music box. The old man hoped that the reporter would ask more about this music box, but to no avail.

"Thank you mister," said the reporter and before the old man could say anything else, the reporter turned to the camera. "There you have it. Even delusional people are doing what they know best. This is Tanaka Rie signing off."

"Wait, I'm not delusional!" screamed the old man. "This music box is our salvation! You gotta believe me!"

"Shut it old man," said the reporter once the camera had stopped recording. "No one wants to hear about some old crusty music box." She and the crew went their separate ways, leaving behind a dejected old man. Yuna felt pity for him as she saw him walk towards an alleyway. However, now was not the time to comfort someone. She had other plans, mostly concerning with a young demi-saiyan.

In the alleyway, the old man clenched his fist in anger. "Once he is released, that vile woman will be the first one to go," he muttered with an evil smile. But before he could say anything else, a strong wind was picking up around him. The old man started to freak out a bit and hide behind a trash can. He leaned out to see coming from the wind was a young man with spiky black hair with onyx eyes.

The young man let out a sigh. "Safe!" he said as he looked at his watch. "Just with a few minutes to spare. Good thing that I didn't have to change into the Great Saiyaman or else I would have to play the hero for a while and would have definitely arrived late." He ran off normally and out of the alleyway, leaving behind a dazed old man. The old man, who witnessed the whole scene, came out from behind the trash can. That's him, he said to himself. He is one of them. And best of all, he is the Great Saiyaman. Perfect! The old man smiled and prepared for his next course of action.

Back at the fountain, Yuna stood as she waited for the arrival of Gohan. While she waited, a couple of punk guys came up to her, trying to act all cool. "Hey beautiful, what you doing?" said one of the guys.

"Waiting for my date," Yuna said.

"Really?" replied one of the other guys. "Well, why don't we forget about your date? Come with us, we'll show you a good time if you know what I mean," he said wiggling his eyebrows.

"Sorry but I don't think I would appreciate that kind of fun," Yuna replied frowning. "Besides, my date will be here any moment."

"Aw come on babe," one of the other guys said grabbing her hand.

"Let go of me," Yuna said as she tried to pull her arm away from his grip.

"What do you think you are doing?" a voice asked with a menacing voice. The men turned around to see Gohan with a scowl on his face, not pleased at the scene that he was witnessing.

"Who the hell are you?"

"Gohan-kun!" Yuna yelled as she ran up to Gohan and hugged him, catching everyone by surprise.

"Tsk," growled all three of the guys. "Whatever, let's get out of here," said the 'de-facto' leader of the group with the other two nodding in agreement. They walked off in the opposite direction, hoping to catch another girl that didn't have such a strong looking guy as a companion.

"Thank you Gohan-kun," Yuna said as she continued to embrace Gohan.

"N-N-No problem," Gohan stuttered as his face was covered in a blush. "You know Yuna-san, you can let go of me right?"

Yuna flinched and back off immediately. "I'm so sorry Gohan-kun!" apologized Yuna. "I didn't mean to. I just wanted to get those guys off my back."

"That's okay Yuna-san," a blushing Gohan responded as he tried to recollect himself. "I should have arrived a bit sooner."

"You're damn right Gohan-kun," Yuna said with a frown. "But I forgive you. After all, you are taking me out."

Gohan let out a nervous smile. "I guess you're right," he said. "So where do you want to go?"

"Huh?" Yuna said with a questioning look. "Aren't you supposed to be the one to have the date planned out?"

"Sorry Yuna-san," Gohan said sheepishly. "I am actually kind of bad at this sort of stuff."

"You're just like my father," Yuna muttered. She let out a sigh. "Oh well, I guess I will have to do everything. Lucky it's you Gohan-kun. Otherwise, I would have went back home immediately."

"Sorry Yuna-san," Gohan said with his usual Son grin. "So where do you want to go?"

"Let's go to the amusement park!" Yuna yelled happily. Gohan blinked a few times and shrugged okay to Yuna as she grabbed his arm and took him to the train station to go to the amusement park. At the train station, Gohan paid for the tickets, with much protest from Yuna. She was commenting that she had to pay her ticket herself but Gohan didn't let her, saying that he had promised a date and as a gentlemen (due in thanks to his mother's training), he would pay for all the expenses. Yuna smiled and happily agreed as the two of them boarded the train towards the amusement park.

Once they arrived, Gohan stood in awe at what he was seeing as they arrived at the front entrance of the amusement park. Gohan had never experienced the amusement park but had heard stories about it during his studies and his time at Orange High School. However, as a result of being the Great Saiyaman, he could never really go out much.

"Come on Gohan-kun, let's get our tickets," Yuna said as she grabbed his hand again and pulled him towards the ticket booth.

"R-Right," was all Gohan could mutter. Once at the ticket booth, Gohan paid for two tickets and off they went. Yuna and Gohan arrived at the center of the park where Yuna inspected the giant map of the park to plan on which rides to go on.

"So Gohan-kun, what rides do you like to go on?" Yuna asked.

"Rides?"

"You know, do you like really fast rides? Or do you like the slow ones like the spinning tea cups? Or do you like going through a haunted house – Ooh! Please pick that one!" Yuna explained.

"Hmmm," pondered Gohan. "To tell you the truth, I've never been in an amusement park."

"Really?" Yuna exclaimed.

"Yeah," Gohan said with a sad face. "I guess I am really boring. Sorry if I disappointed you Yuna-san."

Yuna smiled at Gohan's honesty. She was learning something new about Gohan's personality. He would never showboat to anyone, especially to a girl on a date. There aren't many guys like that out there. Yuna was grateful for that fact. "No worries Gohan-kun," Yuna said with a fist pump. "That just means that you will have to be well acquainted with an amusement park. I'll show what fun is." She grabbed his hand and pulled him along. "C'mon!"

Gohan smiled. This was going to be a fun day after all. However, when he looked up to see which ride Yuna was taking him, Gohan started to pale as he witnessed the gigantic roller coaster up ahead.

A few minutes later, Gohan bent down near a lamp post as he tried to recollect his breath. Yuna walked up to him. "Are you okay Gohan-kun?"

"Huh?" responded the shocked the demi-saiyan. How can I answer her? Gohan said to himself. That thing was like a death trap! I have faced aliens, monsters, androids, and other super powered beings with no sweat. But that…that thing almost killed me! "I'm okay Yuna-san," lied Gohan. "I just needed to recollect my breath from all the excitement."

"That's great Gohan-kun," beamed Yuna. "For a second there I thought that you didn't like the ride."

Gohan flinched on how accurate she was. "Are you kidding? That ride was fun!" Gohan let out a nervous laugh.

"Okay then," Yuna said as she help Gohan stand straight. "Let's go to that one then," pointed Yuna to another roller coaster that to Gohan looked even worse than the previous one.



* * *



A few hours later…

"Ah, I'm poofed," Yuna said as she took up a chair that was near the rides and sat down. She stretched out her arms and said, "I am having so much fun Gohan-kun! Aren't you?"

"Y-Y-Yeah," said an almost dead Gohan as he took up a chair. Note to self: never go on a roller coaster again! Gohan reminded himself as he tried to look for something else to do that didn't involve roller coasters. He then spotted some shooting stands. "Oi, Yuna-san, why don't we play those games over there?" Gohan asked as he pointed to the stands.

"That's a great idea Gohan-kun," Yuna replied. "It will give us a break from the roller coasters."

"Thank goodness," muttered Gohan as he and Yuna walked up to the stand. The stand was in its normal size as the different prizes were display throughout the inside of the stand.

"Step right up! Play to win!" yelled the stall attendant as he tried to attract potential customers. "All you have to do is throw a ball to the standing cups! You sir!" The attendant pointed to Gohan, who with Yuna was walking by the stall to the other one next to it.

Gohan glanced to each side. "Me?" Gohan asked as he pointed to himself, unsure if the attendant was referring to him.

"Yes, you sir! You look like you have a strong arm!" The attendant compliment Gohan with a savy smile.

"He sure does," Yuna added as she punched Gohan's arm lightly and playfully.

"Why don't you play this great game with that awesome arm?" the attendant asked.

"Well, I don't know about that," Gohan said with an embarrassed face while he scratched the back of his head.

"C'mon Gohan-kun," Yuna said. "I'm sure you will do great."

"Well I…" said Gohan before he saw something shinning in the tent. It caught his attention especially when the object was shining an orange color in front of him. Gohan walked up to the front of the stall and leaned over to get a closer look at the object in question. Upon closer inspection, Gohan noticed the object was rather small, around 7.5 centimeters in diameter. The object in question had a crystalline surface and inside the spherical object, there were four red stars shining within. Gohan turned a bit wide-eyed once he saw the sphere. Isn't that…a Dragon Ball? Gohan exclaimed to himself. "Hey mister, what do I have to do to get that object?" Gohan asked as he pointed to the Dragon Ball.

The attendant turned around and looked at where Gohan was pointing and let out a smirk. Score! He said in thought. "That is a very rare object that I encountered during my travels. It's only one of its kind!"

"What's it called?" Yuna asked, curious about the spherical object.

"I call it…the Orange Ball!" The attendant said with a roar (with the sound effects and the waves crashing behind him). Gohan sweat-dropped. Glad he doesn't know it's a Dragon Ball, Gohan said to himself.

"So what I have to do win this 'Orange Ball'?" Gohan asked.

The attendant smirked. "Let me tell you. Since this object is so rare, that in order to win it, you have to do the hardest, most difficult, almost impossible game ever imagined. I call it…the Point Blank Range Shot Game!"

"The what now?" Yuna said.

The attendant chuckled. "This game is so difficult that even the infamous Robin Hood would have difficulty winning it."

Gohan pondered for a bit. "Okay, I'll take that challenge," Gohan said with his Son grin. "What's the worst thing that could happen?" The attendant let out an evil smirk. Perfect! He said to himself. What a sucker! There is no way that he can win, especially with the way that I set up the game.

"Gohan-kun, I don't think it's a good idea to play this game," Yuna said once she saw the attendant's smirk and thought that something was up. "I mean he says it's really difficult. It could be a trap."

"No worries Yuna-san," Gohan said confidently. "I can do this." Yuna blushed at the sight of his confident smile.

"So where is the target?" Gohan asked the attendant.

"Follow me," the attendant said as he gestured them to follow him as he closed up shop and took the Dragon Ball with him. He then took Gohan and Yuna through the park until finally they reached to the archery range that was in the amusement park. The range wasn't currently being used at the moment, thanks in part to the attendant's connections with the manager of the archery range. Gohan looked around and could tell that the attendant had set up some things for the game.

"Now then, shall we get started?" the attendant said with sly smile.

"Sure," Gohan said with his Son grin, oblivious to the underlying meaning of the attendant's smile. Yuna didn't miss the smile. She knew that there was something fishy about this game. She hoped that Gohan wouldn't feel too bad if he lost since he was showing a lot of confidence.

"All righty then," the attendant responded as he lifted his finger to point. Gohan and Yuna saw that there was a set of cups held in a pyramid and upside down. The cups were metal and were very far to Yuna's perspective. "You see those cups over there?" Gohan and Yuna nodded. "What you have to do is hit that pyramid and make all the cups fall down. Plus you have only one shot to do it with."

"What?" Yuna yelled. "That's not fair! It's impossible to hit that with only one strike!"

"I'm just telling the rules," the attendant said. "You don't have to do it if you don't want to."

"Is that it?" Gohan asked. "That's all I have to do?"

The attendant flinched as he was surprised by Gohan's reaction. Yuna's reaction was expected but Gohan's was completely different. Many times, contestants would protest like no other. And now, here stood Gohan who didn't protest. The attendant collected himself before he lost his cool. "O-Of course! What else could you have expected?"

"Well I thought it was going to be a bit more challenging than that," Gohan deadpanned. "I mean, you said it was difficult."

The attendant clenched his fists in anger. But within in a moment, he inhaled, calming himself down. I see, he said to himself. He is trying to do reverse psychology on me. By trying to say that the course isn't difficult, he was going to get me nervous and think that he could possibly win. Nice try asshole, but it won't work on me. "Whatever you say," the attendant said. "So why don't we get this game going?"

Gohan nodded and proceeded to collect the only ball that the attendant brought to play the game. Yuna held her hands together, worried that Gohan would lose. But somewhere, in the back of her mind, there was a thought that Gohan was going to win however unlikely. Gohan walked up to the edge and turned towards the attendant. "From here?" Gohan asked.

The attendant nodded. "Sure." The attendant smiled as he laughed to himself in his mind. The plan was going to have Gohan fail which then Gohan would ask for another try. The attendant would then charge more than extra for another shot, until Gohan would run out of money, leaving the attendant filthy rich. It always worked.

Gohan pulled his arm back and in a quick second, he threw the ball at a quick speed that caught the attendant and Yuna by surprise. Well, more specifically, the attendant with his eyes popping out of his sockets at the speed of Gohan's throw and also the fact that Gohan hit the metal cup pyramid and all the cups fell down. He couldn't believe it!

"So did I win?" Gohan asked. The attendant flinched. No one was that accurate! Something must have been done to the ball. Maybe it was too new.

"W-Well that was a practice round," the attendant lied.

"What? But you said there was going to be only one throw," Yuna protested.

"I did? Well maybe you heard me wrong," the attendant responded. "I just wanted to check the distance of your throw and now I am going to change it."

Gohan blinked a few times before he said anything. "Sure."

"Okay, I will be right back," the attendant said as he went ahead to pick up the cups and move the table farther away. That was just a lucky shot, he said to himself. I better take out the Slimer if I am going to achieve this. He took a ball from his pouch. The ball looked very rugged and old. There were a couple of slimes all over the ball. Plus it was green. I can't believe that I have to take out the Slimer. I only use it when the player has some serious skill at the stand, but not here. However this time, it won't be so easy for him. I will win for sure.

"All set," the attendant yelled as he set up the cups again and walked over towards where Gohan and Yuna were waiting patiently. "Now this is the real round. The same rules as before but this time, you are going to use this ball," the attendant said as he showed the ball to Gohan and Yuna. Yuna was immediately disgusted at the sight of the ball, not wanting to touch it at all. That was the reaction that the attendant expected from people but with Gohan, the man wasn't showing that emotion. He just simply looked at the ball.

"Okay," Gohan said, catching Yuna and the attendant by surprise. Gohan then grabbed the ball and immediately felt the sliminess surrounding the ball. It was at its last usage. This shouldn't too much of a problem, Gohan said to himself as he walked up to the same spot where he threw the first ball. The attendant smiled. This time for sure, Gohan won't hit the cups with ease like last time.

Gohan pulled his arm back and threw the ball with quick speed. The attendant expected the ball to slip away from Gohan's hand and go off target, but instead he was met with a huge surprise. The ball sailed through the range and hit the cups with precision and power, causing all the cups to fall over like last time. The attendant's eyes popped out of his sockets. He couldn't believe it! "N-No way," he muttered.

"All right Gohan-kun!" Yuna yelled happily. Gohan had his Son grin on his face as he gave the thumbs up.

"Looks like I won," Gohan said. However, he gave a few blinks when he saw the attendant with his knees on the ground crying a bit. He had a depressive aura surrounding him. "Mister?"

The attendant stood up and pointed at Gohan angrily. "Y-Y-You cheated!"

"Huh?"

"There is no way that you could have hit those cups with the Slimer! There is no one who could have hit it! You definitely cheated!"

"Gohan-kun won fair and square," Yuna said. "Stop being a sore loser."

The attendant growled as he clenched his teeth in rage. "You definitely cheated. We are going to try again and this time you won't win so easily."

Yuna had enough. She walked over to the attendant and gave him a good smacking on the head with her heavy purse, knocking him out. Gohan flinched. "Y-Y-Yuna-san!"

Yuna grabbed the Dragon Ball and gave it to Gohan. "Gohan-kun, you won fair and square," Yuna said with a smile. "There is no way a guy like you could have cheated."

Gohan blushed a bit. "T-Thanks Yuna-san," he said.

Yuna smiled brightly. "No problem," Yuna said. "However I am curious to how you were able to do that."

Gohan let out a nervous laugh. "I don't know," Gohan lied. It was because of Piccolo's training and the fact that even Goten could have hit that…when he was five years old! Gohan said to himself.

"Well, let's get going Gohan-kun," Yuna said, "before that guy wakes up." Yuna then grabbed Gohan's hand and pulled him along.

"R-R-Right," Gohan said.



* * *



After a few minutes walking away from the archery range, Gohan had a huge grin on his face as the glow from Dragon Ball emanated on his face as he looked at it. Yuna blushed at the sight, enamored by Gohan's face. But she was curious to why Gohan went through all that trouble for an object like that? What was it? Before she could say anything, she was interrupted when Gohan's stomach let out a grumble. He wasn't the only one as Yuna's stomach let out a grumble too, albeit a small one compared to Gohan's. The area around them was silent, but it was broken when the two of started to laugh. "Why don't we get something to eat?" Gohan said.

"That is a great idea Gohan-kun," Yuna said. "But are you sure you have enough money to spend on, especially with your appetite?"

"Sure," Gohan replied. "I'll be fine. You just wait here; I'll bring back the food." Yuna nodded in response as she went over to the fountain while Gohan went looking for a restaurant to order some food. He walked around a bit until finally he found one and proceeded to enter inside.

The restaurant was similar to that of a local McDonalds in both in structure and the food that they served. Gohan thanked the heavens for the cheap fast food joint (even though they are bad for your health). As he stood in line, he was hearing a noise that was coming from a certain direction. It sounded like a TV. Gohan looked up and saw on the monitor a news report. He turned his head to listen in.

"I am standing in front of the Tongari Tower in the busiest section of the Mahora District where an old man has climbed the tower and has threatened to kill himself," said the reporter. Gohan turned wide-eyed. Someone needed saving! "The police have been unable to convince the man to come down from the tower. As we wait for the rescue squad to come in, who will be able to convince this man to live on?" Me, that's who, Gohan said to himself as he got out of the line and quickly exited out of the restaurant.

Once outside, Gohan glanced each side as he walked to the nearest alleyway to hide from suspecting eyes. "It's hero time," muttered the demi-saiyan as he pulled his sleeve up to reveal his special watch. "Transform!" Gohan clicked a button on the watch and in a bright flash of light, he had transformed into the Great Saiyaman. "Alright, the Great Saiyaman is ready for action," said Gohan as he started to some ridiculous poses and then lifted off into the air and towards the tower.



* * *



At the Tongari Tower…

The Tongari Tower stood tall in the Mahora district. The tower looked similar to the Tokyo tower but it was smaller than its counterpart. The residents wanted the city to have a familiar feel to that of Tokyo. Their goal was to bring more people into the city and it worked. Now the tower served as a TV antenna as well as other functions such as telephone tower. The tower was essential to the district. Usually the residents would ignore the tower since they see it every day, however today was different.

The crowd looked at the top of the tower where there saw a person on a ledge, ready to commit suicide. People were curious to know who it was and upon looking closer, the person in question was a pink old man wearing priest robes and a large black hat. It was the same old man that Yuna had seen earlier in the day. The old man leaned at one of the beams, ready to take the plunge. "Just leave me alone!" screamed the pink old man. "My hopes and dreams are all gone! I'm going to jump from here to my death!"

Down below, the crowd murmured at the sight they were seeing. Some were saying the usual things while others…well, let's just say that they find these scenarios funny or very inappropriate. "Oh my God!" yelled a woman as she shrieked in seeing someone about to commit suicide.

"Oh no!" shouted a spectator in the crowd.

"Do a flip!" yelled someone in the crowd. This was the kind of guy who was a jerk to his co-workers.

"Hey, that's the old guy that was carrying on about some music box on TV earlier," murmured someone to their friend in the crowd.

"Yeah."

"It's that strange old man, huh?" murmured someone else behind them as they all looked at the tower, more specifically at where the old man was at. Then a sound boomed across the area. The crowd looked around to see where the noise was coming from.

Then someone noticed a shadow on the ground. He looked up and had a big smile on his face. "Oh, it's the Great Saiyaman!"

The crowd responded to the call as they all looked up to see Gohan or rather…the Great Saiyaman flying to the rescue and help bring down the old man from the ledge. The crowd was emphatic! People started calling out to Gohan:

"Saiyaman!"

"We're counting on you!"

"Save him!"

Up at the tower, the old man continued to scream out, but had his eyes closed. "Whoever may come up here, I'm not coming down!" Because he had his eyes closed, he couldn't see Gohan come up towards him. Once he felt that there was a shadow looming over him, he opened his eyes to see Gohan, disguised as the Great Saiyaman, floating before him. Normally, people would freak out about seeing a flying man like Gohan but the old man didn't show any of that emotion.

Gohan didn't think about the reaction. He was more worried about the situation at hand. Normally he would have waited for Takane to show up and help out. They made a really good team for Justice. But Takane was nowhere in sight, probably because it was Golden Week. Regardless, Gohan put his attention to the old man as he lent out his hand to pull the old man away from the edge. "Oji-san, it's dangerous up here! Come on down with me!"

"Go away!" the old man yelled. "I want to die!"

"You don't want to do that," Gohan said as he tried to calm the old man down.

"Yes I do!" yelled back the old man.

"No you don't," Gohan said sternly as a nervous sweat slid down on the side of his face. Even though he was a super hero, Gohan didn't have much experience in being a negotiator with people wanting to jump off.

"All right, watch this!" yelled the old man as he let go the beam and jumped from the ledge.

"Y-You're kidding!" Gohan yelled. The crowd held their breath as they saw the old man jump off. Everyone gaped at the scene.

As he was falling down, the old man, instead of being calm of falling down to his death, was moving around with a panic. "SAVE ME!" He yelled at the top of his lungs. And before he fell to his death, Gohan came in with his super speed and saved the old man before he could fall any further.

The crowd cheered at Gohan's act. "He did it!" yelled most of the people in the crowd.

Above in the sky, Gohan carried the old man in his arms. He looked down and saw that the old man had his eyes closed. "Are you all right?" Gohan asked.

The old man opened his eyes and growled in anger. "Couldn't you have saved me sooner?" the old man yelled angrily. "What if I had died?"

Gohan blinked twice at the old man's rant. "What a strange old man…" he muttered as he flew through the skies. He was about to leave the old man on the street, but before he could do it, the old man said something that stopped Gohan from dropping him off.

"Tapion would have saved me much earlier," the old man said, catching Gohan's attention.

"Tapion? Who is that?" Gohan asked.

The old man smirked. "Wouldn't you like to know? If you take me where you were originally coming from, I can tell you more."

Gohan pondered a bit. "Sure," he responded. "But I am going to have to take off my disguise so I don't want you to tell anyone that I am the Great Saiyaman. Also I am with a friend of mine so don't mention anything that you were at the tower."

The old man smiled innocently. "Sure, I understand." Gohan nodded and changed directions as he headed back towards the amusement park where Yuna waited for him patiently.



* * *



Back at the water fountain in the amusement park…

Yuna sat at the edge of the fountain, waiting patiently for Gohan to bring back the food. She checked her watch, noticing that Gohan was getting late with the food. "He's late," Yuna muttered. Maybe the line was very long. I wonder what's keeping him. But as soon as she said that to herself, she noticed a figure in the distance. It was Son Gohan! "Gohan-kun!" Yuna smiled as she got up, waving at the object of her affections. But then she noticed something odd. Though Gohan was carrying a large tray of food, which was normal, he was walking along with someone else. A small pink old man. Yuna turned a bit wide-eyed as she remembered that it was the same old man that she had seen earlier.

"Yuna-san!" Gohan waved back with his empty hand as he walked up to Yuna with the old man in tow. "I'm sorry that took so long. The line was incredibly long."

"That's okay Gohan-kun," Yuna said. She was looking at the pink old man and wondered why he was here. "Gohan-kun, who is this?"

"Oh him, he's…" Gohan said as he tried to think up of a good excuse, "he's a friend of the Great Saiyaman!" The pink old man looked at Gohan while sweat-dropping a bit, thinking Is that the best you could come up with?

"Really?" Yuna asked.

"Yeah," Gohan nodded. "Great Saiyaman told me to look out for him. When I was exiting out of the restaurant, he came by to leave ummm…"

"Hoi," the pink old man whispered.

"Hoi-san in my care while he took care of some things in the city," Gohan said with a nervous smile, hoping that Yuna had bought the excuse. Hoi thought it was going to be helpless. How much of an idiot could you be to accept that?

"Okay," Yuna responded quickly, catching Hoi by surprise. "I trust you Gohan-kun." Hoi pondered why this girl was so willing to trust Gohan. It must be because she is in love with the boy, Hoi said to himself.

"Good," Gohan said. "So why don't we eat? I'm starving!" Yuna giggled as she and Gohan sat down on the edge of the fountain and started to eat. Gohan looked up to Hoi. "So who is this Tapion that you were referring to before?" Gohan asked as he remembered that Hoi had mentioned something about Tapion or Tapioca or something like that.

"You don't know about the hero Tapion?" Hoi asked as he took a seat next to Gohan.

"No," replied the demi-saiyan as he took another bite of his food.

"How unfortunate," Hoi said. "Imagine, not knowing about the legendary hero, who saved Planet Conuts in the Southern Galaxy a thousand years ago…"

"I sure would like to meet him," Gohan sighed.

"Wouldn't you, though?" Hoi said, catching Gohan's interest.

"Can I meet him?" Gohan said with a happy look on his face. If someone from the Z senshi could have seen Gohan right now, they would have thought he and Goku had traded places. The expression on Gohan's face was like that of Goku when there was a strong opponent to face.

"I'd like to let you meet him, but I can't," Hoi replied as he took the old looking music box. "Unfortunately, the hero Tapion is sealed up inside this mysterious music box."

"Inside there?" Gohan asked innocently. "If he's a hero, then why…?"

"Once the hero is revived, you will understand everything," Hoi said with a grin. Yuna saw that the grin was unusual. This was bad news.

"Gohan-kun, let's hurry and get back," Yuna said as she tried to pull Gohan away from the old man since she had already finished eating. She wanted to go back to their date and also, for some reason, she felt something weird coming from the pink old man.

"Just a moment Yuna-san!" Gohan said as he stopped Yuna from pulling him. He brought his attention back to the old man's comments. "Oji-san, what do you mean?"

"According to my sharp instincts, there is a crisis closing in on Earth!" Hoi said with conviction.

"A crisis on Earth?" Gohan exclaimed.

"An enormous evil, one that will destroy the universe, is approaching Earth!" Hoi explained. "That is why we need the power of the hero, Tapion, right now! For that reason, I have spent thirty years searching for this music box."

Yuna sighed. This was getting nowhere and most of this stuff sounded like a bunch of crap. "Then you could just hurry up and revive him, couldn't you?" Yuna said bluntly.

"I would do that, if I could!" Hoi exclaimed angrily.

"You can't do it?" Gohan asked.

"Can you turn this?" Hoi responded as he gave Gohan the music box, pointing to the lever on the side.

"This?"

"If you can get the music box to play, the hero Tapion will be revived," Hoi explained.

"Oh yeah?" Yuna said. This old man was seriously getting on her nerves, especially the part on a crisis approaching the Earth which she didn't believe. "Why didn't you say so sooner?" But while she argued with Hoi, Gohan kept on trying to turn the lever.

"It won't move…" Gohan said as he struggled to move the lever. It was giving him a difficult time. For someone with super strength like Gohan, this lever wasn't bugging at all. Hoi grinned. "W-Why won't it?

"Let me see that a minute," Yuna said. She grabbed the music box, inspecting the box itself without moving the lever. She looked at the lever and made her conclusion. "This thing is rusted," Yuna explained as she throws the box away, not caring about it at all.

Hoi dove down, trying to catch the music box before it hit the ground. He juggled it a couple of times until finally the box was safe in his hands. "Miss! How could you do that?"

"Let's go, Gohan-kun," Yuna said as she threw out the garbage and went on ahead, trying to pry Gohan away from the crazy pink old man.

"Oh, Yuna-san!" Gohan said as he threw his large batch of garbage and went to catch up with Yuna before Hoi interrupted his path with a particular word.

"Shen Long!"

"Huh?"

"Please introduce me to Shen Long!" Hoi begged.

"Shen Long?" Gohan said.

"Please have Shen Long revive the hero Tapion! I beg of you!"

"Gohan-kun, what is he talking about?" asked Yuna. "Who is this Shen Long?" But Gohan didn't respond to her question as he looked sternly to the old man, Hoi.

"Oji-san, how do you…?" Gohan asked sternly.

"I discovered that you people have had dealings with Shen Long during my investigations," begged the pink old man. "Please…This is my lifelong wish…!"

"Then, that commotion earlier was just an act to call me out?" Gohan muttered.

"You found me out, huh?" Hoi laughed with an innocent grin.



* * *



Later in the day, at Eva's cottage…

"Aww man, I can't believe that Yuna-san is mad at me," Gohan said as he walked side by side with Hoi. "Earth maybe threatened! Of course this takes priority. I wished I could have explained it to her though. I am going to have to make it up to her somehow."

"Are you interested in that girl?" Hoi asked.

"No!" Gohan said as he waved his hands in protest. "She is a student of mine and I promised her that I would go on a date with her as a prize for this game that they played during the school trip."

"Mmmm," Hoi pondered. "It is not my place to say anything, but you like this girl don't you?"

"What?" Gohan exclaimed with a blush. "No, I like everyone in my class. They are my friends!" Hoi sweat-dropped a bit. Is he dense or what? Hoi wondered but he decided to drop the subject. The two of them continued to walk down the path.

"So where are we going?" Hoi asked.

"Well, there is someone that I want to try to see if we can move that music box," Gohan replied. "Hopefully she is cooperative." As they continued to walk down, they saw a bright light appear ahead of them, with Negi standing before it.

"EVOCEM TE!" chanted Negi.

"Hey, Negi-san!" waved Gohan to Negi.

"Gohan-san!" Negi flinched, surprised to see Gohan here. "Hey! What're you doing here?"

"I came to see Evangeline-san to ask about something," Gohan replied. "What are you doing Negi-san?"

"Well I…" But before Negi could finish, a stark naked, Asuna appeared in the circle of light, holding a towel on one hand and her bear panties on the other. "Agh!" exclaimed Negi. Gohan meanwhile was blushing red like a tomato. Hoi, however, was unresponsive.

Asuna turned around, blushing like crazy in seeing Gohan before her. "Go...ha…" She started to tremble, tears welling in her eyes at the embarrassing scene. "NNNOOOO!" cried Asuna.

"I-I'm sorry-y-y…" Negi pleaded forgiveness but was unsuccessful. Asuna gave Negi a huge bonk on the head as she rushed back to the dormitories or somewhere she could find some clothes and hide away her shame of being naked in front of Gohan. "Now she's more mad…" commented Negi as he tried to heal the bump on his head.

"Ummm…" Gohan said, "Maybe I should have called earlier." Hoi, sweat-dropped at the sight. What is it with these people?

While Negi was nursing his wound, he noticed that there was someone next to Gohan. "Gohan-san, who is that next to you?"

"Ah! Right," Gohan nodded, "his name is Hoi. I saved him earlier today and there is something that I wanted to check with Evangeline about this music box."

"Huh? Music Box?" Negi blinked a few times.

"It's a long story," Gohan said. "Why don't we go inside?" Negi nodded in agreement as the three of them went inside Eva's cottage.



* * *



A few minutes later…

"Hmm…interesting," Eva said. Gohan had just explained what Hoi had told him earlier about the music box and about the hero Tapion. "So what you are saying is that there is a hero inside this old decrepit box?"

"That's right," Hoi said with a nervous sweat sliding down along his face. For some reason, he felt very nervous with the Dark Mage.

"So what are you going to do Evangeline-san?" Gohan asked.

"Isn't it obvious assistant," Eva replied as she went outside with Konoka, Setsuna, Hakase, Chachamaru, Negi, Hoi and Gohan following her. She then set the box on the ground and walked away from it, putting some distance between her and the object. She then put her hand out and chanted a dark spell. Out of the palm of her hand came a dark orb of magic that put Hoi a little nervous. The orb hit the music box, causing a small explosion that made everyone cover up their eyes.

Everyone thought that the box would be opened or destroyed because of that blast. However, when the smoke went away, the music box was still intact. "Tsk, annoying box," snarled Eva. She put out her hand to try again once more. However she was stopped by Hoi as he stepped in front of Eva's hand. "Out of my way old man!"

"I can't let you destroy that box," Hoi said with an expression that sent shivers down Eva's spine, catching her by surprise. No one has ever sent shivers to her ever except for Nagi Sringfield. Who was this pink old man?

"Fine then, do whatever you want," Eva said as she walked back to her cottage.

Gohan let out a sigh. "It was worth a shot." He then noticed Hakase walking over to the music box, giving it an inspection.

"But doesn't this give credibility to what Hoi-san said?" Negi asked.

"Mmmmm," Hakase muttered as she closely inspected it. "I don't know Negi-sensei. Chachamaru if you please."

"Yes," responded the robot girl as she walked over to Hakase and knelt down next to her. Hakase then took out some cords from Chachamaru's back and began to plug it onto the music box. She then connected her laptop to Chachamaru and did some typing.

"Negi-san, is it alright with Hakase-san?" Gohan asked. "I mean, is she trustworthy?"

"According to Eva-chan," Konoka said, "Hakase built Chachamaru."

"Really?" Gohan asked. Hakase continued to type but let out a sigh which caught everyone's attention.

"What do you think Hakase-san?" Setsuna asked.

"It's no good," Hakase replied with a disappointed voice. "I can't seem to see what is inside the box. I would need some advance equipment that the Mahora Research Department doesn't have at the moment."

"Where could you find some?" Negi asked.

"I don't know really," Hakase said. "You would have to find someone especially high up, like say the head of the Capsule Corporation."

"You mean Bulma-san?" Gohan said which immediately caught everyone's attention, especially Hakase's.

"What did you say Gohan-sensei?" Hakase asked.

"I mean, you said someone like the head of the Capsule Corporation could help out and I thought about Bulma-san," Gohan said.

"Gohan-sensei, are you talking about Bulma Brief?" Hakase asked, with a strange look on her face.

"Yeah, who else would I be talking about," Gohan deadpanned. He looked around, seeing everyone looking at him strangely, especially Hakase and Chachamaru. "What? Did I say something wrong?"

"Gohan-sensei…you know Bulma?" Everyone yelled except for Negi.

"Yeah, she is a family friend," Gohan said with his Son grin on his face. Hakase then walked up to Gohan. She looked up and had the biggest puppy eyes ever seen which caught Gohan by surprise.

"Please take me with you!" Hakase shouted excitedly as she hugged Gohan hard, catching a few jealous glares from Konoka and Setsuna. "I really want to meet Bulma-sama!

"O-O-Okay," Gohan said nervously, unsure why Hakase was hugging him. "Then let's leave tomorrow morning while we still have a break."

"Right," Hakase nodded.

"Ummm…Gohan-san…can I come along too?" Negi asked.

"Sure! After all, I wanted you to meet my friends," Gohan said.

"We are going too!" yelled Konoka as she raised her hand up and grabbing Setsuna with her free arm.

"But Ojou-sama…"

"Se-chan don't you want to go?" Konoka said with an unusual grin that said if Setsuna said no, she would meet certain death. The grin was very uncharacteristic of Konoka's personality which caught Setsuna by surprise. Like people say, never stop a woman in love.

"Yes," Setsuna muttered.

"Great, let's get going then!" Konoka yelled excitedly. Gohan let out a sigh. It was going to be a long trip.



* * *



The next day at Metro West…

"Well, here we are," Gohan said with a smile. A stampede noise was heard in the background as Gohan got off the train.

"METRO WEST! HERE WE COME!" yelled everyone from Class-3A as they exited excitedly from the train, looking at the sight of Metro West.

"Ugh, again why is everyone from the class here?" Gohan asked Negi who was walking beside the demi-saiyan.

"Well Gohan-kun, the moment Kazumi and Haruna-san found out about it, it was all over," Chizuru commented.

"Yeah, I know," Gohan muttered.

"Tsk, the longer we wait, the more dangerous it will become for Earth," Hoi commented, obviously pissed that Gohan had brought along an entire entourage, impeding their mission. "We need to resurrect Tapion as quickly as possible."

"I understand Hoi-san," responded Gohan. "But don't worry, we are going to head over to Bulma-san's place as quickly as possible. Plus I asked my Dad, Goten and some friends to come and help us."

"How'd I end up here, though?" Asuna commented.

"Because you have time off from your paper-routes," Konoka said. "And besides, didn't you want to spend some time with Gohan-kun?"

"O-Of course not!" Asuna shouted with a blush. "Who would want to spend time with a dark haired baka like him?" Asuna walked a little bit more and noticed that Negi was standing in front of her. Before Negi could say anything, Asuna turned the other way with an 'Hmph' sound. Negi gloomed.

Gohan let out a sigh. Setsuna had explained to him what had happened between Negi and Asuna. Sometimes Negi-san, you act like a ten-year old, Gohan said to himself, causing him to chuckle a bit. He had forgotten that Negi was ten years old since sometimes Negi would act much more mature than his age. Like Gohan was when he was around that age.

Gohan smiled. He then saw Yuna walk by him and tried to catch her attention. "Yuna-san!"

Yuna stopped and turned her head a bit to see who had called her. Once she realized who it was, she quickly turned her head around and ignored the demi-saiyan. A depressive gloom appeared over Gohan's head. "She is still angry at me," Gohan muttered as he collected himself. Right now, he had to take everyone to the Bulma's house. Well, more specifically to the Capsule Corporation building.

After a few minutes of walking, the group had finally reached the building. Everyone stood in awe at the building. It was a large semi-round rounded that was about 10 stories high. The building was colored in yellow and had the Capsule Corporation Insignia on the side. Hakase was trembling with excitement at the chance to meet Bulma, her idol.

Gohan let out a smile. "All right everyone, let's go in." Everyone nodded in agreement as they went inside the building.

A few minutes later, after talking with the secretary at the entrance, Gohan and the group were allowed inside the house. They reached to the lobby which grabbed everyone's attention. Let's just say it wasn't your typical lobby. The lobby was a beautiful garden with fountains and animals all around. Some of the girls went on ahead and played, Negi included. Gohan smiled at the sight.

"Hi Gohan-kun." Gohan flinched and turned around to see a familiar person. Everyone in the class turned their attention towards the direction of the voice to see a woman in their midst. She had short blue hair and round shaped-earrings and wore a dark green dress.

"Hi Bulma-san!" waved Gohan.

"Bulma?" Everyone exclaimed except for those who knew that Gohan knew the head of the Capsule Corporation. All the girls started to murmur to each other about how Gohan keeps knowing these celebrities. First Videl, the daughter of Mister Satan and now Bulma Brief!

"Gohan-kun, how are you doing?" Bulma asked as she walked up to the demi-saiyan with a cigarette in hand. "You brought some company along with you."

"Heh heh heh sorry about that," Gohan said. "They kind of followed me once word spread out." Gohan whispered the last part. "I was hoping you could keep some of them busy."

"Sure Gohan-kun, I know the perfect idea for them," Bulma said with a smile. She walked up to the front of the group. She put away her cigarette and cleared her voice. "Hello, I'm Bulma Brief, nice to meet you."

"Nice to meet you Bulma-san!" The girls replied as they all bowed hello to Bulma. Bulma smiled as she noticed that some of the girls were bowing differently than others. Probably had to do with something that Chichi had taught them, Bulma said to herself. Chichi had told her about the visit to Gohan's place and meeting with his students. She enjoyed all of it especially the part with the food competition. Like father, like son she said at that time.

"Well, girls I just finished with a beach simulator in the other room," Bulma said. "Would you girls like to try it?" Some of the girls looked at each other, wondering to see if they should take up on Bulma's offer. "I am also providing some cute swimsuits that will surely capture a boy's heart." Right there, hell broke loose as most of the girls went speeding off towards the simulation room. Negi, Asuna, Setsuna, Chamo and Gohan had all sweat-dropped at the scene.

Bulma giggled. "Well, that takes care of that. Gohan-kun, everyone is already in the laboratory."

Gohan nodded. "Right, let's go you guys." Gohan mentioned Asuna, Konoka, Setsuna, Negi, and Hakase to follow him. As they walked along the corridors of the house, the group was in awe at the place. Hakase was trembling with nervousness in seeing Bulma, her idol, in person and she was right in front of her. She really wanted to learn more from Bulma; however she was going to have to wait until their business with the music box was over.

Gohan looked around the place as he sensed the different ki signatures in the house. He immediately recognized his dad and Goten among a few others like Kuririn, Goku's best friend, Trunks, Bulma's son and Muten Roshi. Gohan gulped. He hoped that Roshi wouldn't try anything perverted when he came in the room with the girls as he looked back at them. Maybe it wasn't a good idea to leave the girls in his care, Gohan said to himself. Then he noticed a figure walking towards their position.

This said person was 5'3" tall. He was wearing normal gym clothes which was a blue shirt with some sweat pants and white boots, similar to those of Gohan's disguise. What was interesting to everyone though was that his dark hair stood firmly upwards, featuring a prominent widow's peak. Gohan waved to the figure. "Hi Vegeta-san."

Vegeta gave a scoffing sound as he walked by the demi-saiyan and his group. He did however look at Negi for a moment and muttered, "What does Kakarotto see in that brat?"

Once he was gone, the group wondered what that was all about. "What's his deal? And who was he?" Setsuna said.

"Oh don't mind Vegeta, he is always like that," Bulma said as she continued to walk ahead. "Especially after he has trained in the gravity chamber."

"Gravity chamber?" Negi asked.

"It's a long story," Gohan replied. "But in answering your question Setsuna-san, that was Vegeta-san."

"Vegeta…I remember you mentioned him before Gohan-sensei," Setsuna said.

"That's right I did. Remember when I told you guys that Vegeta-san and my Dad were only the two full-blooded Saiyans left?" The group nodded except for Hakase who was too busy looking around to pay attention to their conversation. "Well, Vegeta-san is the Prince of the Saiyan race."

A few seconds of silence passed by, until finally… "What?"

"That guy was a prince?" Asuna asked.

"Yup. He and Dad are rivals," Gohan said.

"Wow, this gets weirder and weirder," Asuna muttered.

Bulma, Gohan and the group continued to walk along the corridors until they finally reached the laboratory where there were some familiar faces present. Asuna, Konoka, Setsuna and Negi immediately recognized Goku and Goten, though both of them were dressed differently. Goku was wearing a similar dogi that he had worn during the visit but there was no Kame sign on the front or back. Goten, meanwhile, was wearing a white tank top with brown pants and a black belt. But there were some unfamiliar faces present though.

"Onii-chan!" screamed Goten as he came rushing in to hug Gohan. Gohan this time was prepared for it.

"How are you doing Goten?" Gohan asked.

"Good, Trunks-kun and me just played Showdown," Goten said with a grin. Gohan responded in kind as well, though the group was confused on what Goten meant by showdown.

"So who won?" Gohan asked.

"I did," said the little purple haired boy. He wore a blue shirt that said Capsule Corporation on it as well as white pants. He also wore golden boots, those common by people of the Capsule Corporation.

"You cheated Trunks!" Goten protested to Trunks. "You said no using Super Saiyan but you did it anyways."

"Well whatever," Trunks said. "You got to keep some of my toys anyways so why are complaining so much?" Goten pouted so more. Everyone in the room laughed together except for Negi, Asuna, and Setsuna. The group turned a bit wide-eyed once they heard the word 'Super Saiyan' come out from Trunks' mouth.

"Gohan-sensei, did that boy just say Super Saiyan?" Setsuna asked.

"Yeah, both of them can turn Super Saiyan, why do you ask?" Gohan deadpanned. Setsuna and Asuna sweat-dropped and thought, What kind of people are these?

"So Gohan, who those girls you brought along with you? Are they your girlfriends?" said the small dark haired man. He wore a red shirt with besiege pants along with white wristbands and black shoes.

"No Kuririn-san!" Gohan exclaimed with a blush. "Some of them are my students, but mostly they are my friends. Let me introduce them. This is Asuna-san, Konoka-san, Setsuna-san, Negi-san, and Hoi-san. Guys these are my friends."

"How do you do?" All of them politely bowed towards the group.

"So Gohan, why did you call of us up?" Goku asked bluntly.

"Well, let me have Hoi-san explain what is going on," Gohan as he motioned to Hoi who began to explain the story of Tapion and the mysterious music box. As he explained the story, Bulma took the music box and began to scan it to see if she could see what was inside. Hakase came up next to her to see if she could help Bulma in any way possible as well as having the opportunity in working with Bulma in person. Goten and Trunks continuously looked at the box being scanned with curious faces, fascinated by the fact that there was a hero in there.

A few minutes had passed and Hoi had just finished the story. Everyone in the room began to ponder on the possibility of there being a hero inside the music box. "Ji-san, you wouldn't be telling us a fish story, right?" Kuririn asked.

"Yeah, don't you think so, too?" Asuna said. Before she had come here, Konoka and Gohan had explained to her what the story was with the music box. Apparently on the way here, Asuna and Hoi had gotten into an argument about the validity of Hoi's assertions, primarily dealing with the world coming to an end by an evil being.

"Miss, are you still saying that?" Hoi retorted. "There isn't a moment to lose. If we don't hurry and revive the hero Tapion, Earth is going to be destroyed."

"It's no use," Bulma said as she opened the scanner, unable to scan anything. "I can't trace out what's inside. It looks like it's made of some kind of special material."

Goku grabbed the box and tried to pull the lever like Gohan had tried to do before. And like Gohan, Goku was having trouble as well. He struggled until finally he said, "Yow. I can't do it."

"If not even Goku can handle it, then I guess it's not completely bogus," Kuririn said with a smile. Setsuna looked at him curiously. Is Goku-san really strong? Setsuna wondered.

"Is this guy strong?" Goku asked.

"Of course," replied the pink old man. "He is a hero, after all."

Goku let out a smile. "Is that so? Yosh…what do you say we look for the Dragon Balls?"

"Right!" Everyone nodded in agreement except for Asuna, Konoka, Setsuna and Negi, whom looked at the Z senshi weirdly.

"Dragon Balls?" All of asked in unison.

"Let me explain," Gohan said, grabbing the group's attention. He pulled out of his pocket the Si Xing Qui ball.

"Gohan, I didn't know you had caught the Si Xing Qui ball," Goku said with a smile.

"Yeah, I just got it recently," Gohan responded as Asuna, Konoka, Setsuna, and Negi inspected the ball closely.

"So why are you showing us this ball?" Asuna asked.

"This is known as a Dragon Ball. It was an object created by Kami-sama to grant wishes," Gohan said.

"Grant wishes?" exclaimed the four of them.

"That's right. They are objects of great power. But the only way to have the wish granted is to collect seven dragon balls," Gohan explained. "Once all seven are collected, we get to summon Shen Long, a colossal being able to grant us two wishes."

"If this is able to grant wishes, then why haven't people looked for them?" Setsuna asked. "This is first time that I have heard about it." Negi, Konoka, and Asuna nodded in agreement.

"That's because they are very hard to find," Gohan said. "But thanks to Bulma-san's Dragon Radar, we are able to locate them with ease, like this." Gohan then showed the four of them the Dragon Radar, a watch-looking object with a switch at the top. Gohan pressed the switch where yellow dots appeared on the screen, one very near them. "Dragon Balls emit a faint electromagnetic pulse which only the radar can detect. It then points arrows in the directions of nearby Dragon Balls."

"I see," Negi said.

"Good," Goku said. "Now who should we pair up with? I'll take the Oji-san."

"I'll go with Gohan-kun!" Konoka said as she grabbed Gohan's arm, causing him to blush. Kuririn looked at his friend with a sly smile and a thumbs up.

"Then that means that Asuna-san and Negi-san will go…"

"No!" Asuna interrupted. "I won't go with Negi. I'll go with Goku-san and the Oji-san."

Negi gloomed. She was still mad at him. How am I going to get her to forgive me? Negi wondered. "Negi-kun, why don't you come with us?" Goten asked.

"Yeah that's right! Goten said that you were pretty strong!" Trunks added causing Negi to blush a bit in embarrassment.

Kuririn then stood next to Setsuna and said, "Well, I'll go with…Setsuna right?"

Setsuna nodded. "Hai."

"All right it's settled! Let's go find some Dragon Balls!" Goku exclaimed as he fistpumped the air.

"Right!"



* * *



Outside the Capsule Corporation…

Everyone flew off into the distance based on the direction where the Dragon Balls were located. Goku took Hoi in his arms while Asuna was on top of his back, holding on his neck. Negi flew with his staff alongside Goten and Trunks. Kuririn carried Setsuna on his back. Meanwhile, Gohan and Konoka were outside of Bulma's house. Konoka saw that Asuna and Setsuna were being carried and hoped that Gohan would do the same.

"You ready Konoka-san?" Gohan asked. Konoka nodded. "Good…KINTO'UN!" screamed Gohan in the air, catching Konoka by surprise. Konoka blinked a few times, wondering why Gohan had screamed out like that. Then suddenly a noise was heard in the distance. Konoka looked up and saw a yellow cloud approaching towards their position. Why is there a cloud approaching us? Konoka wondered. The cloud sped down towards them and suddenly stopped in front of them.

"Hey Kinto'un how are you?" Gohan said to the cloud. He then turned around to Konoka, who had a curious look on her face. "Don't worry, Kinto'un won't bite. He is very friendly. Why don't you get on it?"

"Huh?"

Gohan smiled. It was an obvious reaction considering that yellow cloud was standing before them. "Konoka-san, trust me on this. Ride Kinto'un."

"O-O-Okay," Konoka responded nervously as she walked up to the cloud. She gulped and took a deep breath. She then put her foot on the cloud and for a sec, she thought that she would fall through. But in reality, it was the opposite. Her foot was on top of the cloud. Konoka's face grinned in happiness as she fully got on top of the cloud and sat down. "This cloud is so comfortable! I never knew you had a pet cloud Gohan-kun."

"Well, now you can ride it too," Gohan said.

"Huh? What do you mean Gohan-kun?" Konoka asked.

"Kinto'un only lets those who have a pure of heart. And you passed the test especially with Kinto'un taking a liking towards you," Gohan said as he got off the floor and floated before her.

"So are you going to ride with me?" Konoka asked with a blush.

"Nah, I am going to fly," Gohan said. Konoka looked gloomy with her hopes of holding onto Gohan being dashed. "Let's get going Konoka-san!"

Konoka shook her head to get out of her gloomy state. "Hai." Konoka nodded. She then pointed Kinto'un to follow Gohan's position.



* * *



Meanwhile…

Goku continued to fly thru the sky with Hoi in his arms and Asuna on his back. "This is a real godsend for me, to find you here on Earth…" commented Hoi.

"Huh?" Goku looked at Hoi with a surprised look on his face. "Oji-san, you mean you ain't from Earth?"

Hoi flinched. "T-T-That was just a figure of speech," Hoi said nervously.

"Oh okay!" Goku said. "Oi Asuna, why are you mad at Negi?"

"It doesn't concern you Goku-san," Asuna said. "Well, let's just say that he said some inappropriate things like not having me involved his operations just because I am a helpless girl." Goku started to chuckle. "What's funny?"

"Nothing," Goku said. "I just think that Negi was just trying to protect and not get you in harm's way."

"Yeah but I helped him during the Kyoto trip!" Asuna exclaimed. "Shouldn't he put more trust in me?"

"It seems like you already have forgiven him," Goku commented. "All you have to do is talk with him. I'm sure he will understand."

Asuna blushed a bit at Goku's comments. "Baka, I already knew that," she muttered.



* * *



Meanwhile up in the Northern Regions…

"All right, Goten, Negi!" yelled Trunks as he ran across the snow. "Let's hurry and find them!"

"Mm-hmm! I want to hurry and meet this hero!" Goten added. "Don't you Negi-kun?"

"Y-Yeah," Negi said as he was too caught up on what was going between him and Asuna.

"Negi, you worried about that mean Onee-san?" Trunks asked.

"She is not mean!" Negi yelled. "She is just misunderstood sometimes."

"Relax Negi, you should play around a little," Trunks said. "If not you are going to have wrinkles when you are fifteen!"

"Am not!" Negi shouted at Trunks. But at that moment, Negi was hit in the face by snowball. Negi went down and into the snow. He quickly got up to see who had thrown that snowball. The culprit was one demi-saiyan named Goten.

"Negi-kun! Catch!" Goten said as he threw another snowball at Negi. Negi dodged the snowball instinctively, grabbed some snow, formed a ball and threw at Goten who got hit by it.

"Got ya!" Negi said with a fist pump before being hit by another snowball that was thrown by Trunks.

"Heh heh," Trunks grinned. Negi quickly got back up and a snow fight ensued between the three of them.



* * *



In the plains…

"Say, if his story is true, what do you think this hero Tapion is like?" Konoka said as she rode Kinto'un.

"Beats me," Gohan said.

"I'm so interested in heroes!" Konoka said as she went ahead, leaving behind a confused Gohan.



* * *



At Walt Disney World Resort…

"Kuririn-san! I think I found one!" Setsuna yelled as she was on top of the Cinderella Castle in the Magic Kingdom. Kuririn floated to her position and looked at the Dragon Ball in her hand.

"All right!" Kuririn said with a fist pump. "We found the Yi Xing Qiu ball!"



* * *



The Washington National Zoo…

Goku landed softly on the ground once they were at the zoo where the Dragon Ball was said to be at. They looked around and saw an orange glint coming from the Lion's cage. Goku, Asuna and Hoi moved a bit closer to the cage and saw the orange glint was coming from a Dragon Ball!

"Ah, there it is, there it is!" Goku said while pointing to the Dragon Ball that was in the lion's mouth.

"So, how are we going to retrieve it?" Asuna asked with a curious look on her face. She wondered how they were going to convince the zookeepers to give them the ball that looked at the moment the lion's toy.

"Like this!" Goku said as he stood up on the fence. He then did a backflip, into the air and inside the cage. The lions inside immediately got up and growled at Goku, who was the intruder. The lions proceeded to attack, causing everyone who was witnessing this to cover their eyes up, fearing that Goku had been mangled by the lions. Asuna covered her eyes as well as did Hoi. However, instead hearing a person screaming, the lions started to scream and run away in fear. The crowd stood in awe at the sight.

"See?" Asuna and Hoi opened their eyes to see Goku all fine with a big grin on his face. Well except that his head was inside a lion's mouth. The lion looked very shocked that Goku's head wasn't smash to pieces. "All right, we should have them all now."

Asuna let out a sigh. She somehow expected this. Gohan's family is very weird! She thought to herself. Who are these people?

Meanwhile Hoi grinned evilly as Goku got out and put the lion back in the cage. Perfect, Hoi said to himself, everything is going as planned.



* * *



Author's note: Part 1 of the new arc is done! Yay! You may have noticed but I went with the original names for the Dragon Balls. The Dragon balls are based on the Chinese story Journey to the West since the whole premise of Dragon Ball was based off that. I'll provide a list for the names of the Dragon Balls here so you guys don't get confused.

Dragon Ball Names:

Yi Xing Qui - One Star Ball

Er Xing Qui - Two Star Ball

San Xing Qui - Three Star Ball

Si Xing Qui - Four Star Ball

Wu Xing Qui - Five Star Ball

Liu Xing Qui - Six Star ball

Qi Xing Qui - Seven Star Ball

Glossary:

Metro West: The town where Capsule Corporation is at. It is also known as West City in the American Dub.

Kinto Un: Kid Goku's transportation to different places. Only people of pure of heart can travel on the cloud. It is also known as the Flying Nimbus in the American Dub.

Hope you enjoyed the chapter! See you next week! Peace!

P.S. There is a animated TV reference in this chapter from a beloved character of mine. Find it, tell me what it is in the review section and I will send you something good! Trust me! Here's a hint...it is not from an anime.





*Chapter 15*: Come Forth Shen Long!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. See chapter 1 for details.

Author's note: Hey everybody! How was everyone's week? Hope it was good. I'm glad that a lot of people are liking this story. Please keep the reviews coming! I enjoy reading and they make me want to write up more for this story especially when summer is right here! They feed me! The more reviews there are, the more chapters I am going to write! So keep on reviewing!

I want to thank naioka1992 for beta-reading this chapter. Thank you very much! Arigato! Also, there is an announcement at the bottom of the chapter so please read it! But anyways, I now present to you Chapter 15 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 15: Come Forth Shen Long! The Cold Hero Tapion!

Capsule Corporation, Beach simulation room

While Gohan, Negi, Asuna, Konoka, Setsuna and the Z senshi collected the Dragon Balls, the rest of the girls continued to play in the beach simulation that Bulma had created. It was clear that the girls were having fun. Some of them were bathing in the artificial sunlight, while others talked about girl stuff such as Haruna, Akira, Ako, Yuna, Makie and Nodoka.

"Oh, for sure," said Akira.

"Is it that boys these days are clueless, or not near as cute as they think they are, or is it that they're just lame?" Yuna asked as she took a sip from her drink.

"Could be either," giggled Haruna. "A guy's not a guy unless he fights for something. As in toward a goal."

"A goal…or a dream," Akira added.

"Is it better to date only older guys, d'ya think?" Yuna concluded. But as soon as she said though, it brought memories of her date with Gohan and how it turned out. Sure she got mad at him for ending the date so quickly after that pink old man, Hoi, mentioned the Earth was in danger. What a lie! But then again, Gohan looked serious when Hoi mentioned that a new threat was approaching. Maybe I shouldn't have gotten so mad at him, Yuna said to herself. I guess I should have talked with him about it. The next time I see him, I'll apologize to him and not be mad at him anymore.

"Then again," Ako said, drawing Yuna's attention to her, "upperclassmen – or even my brother come to think of it – seem to have no idea what it is they want." Yuna took in Ako's words seriously as she pondered on what Gohan's goal was. Gohan never told them what his goal was.

"…I guess," Haruna said.

"Me, I think Negi-kun's cool and fun to be with," Ako said.

"Hey!" Makie beamed. "Finally, Ako buys a clue on Negi-kun's cuteness!"

"Then again, he is only ten," Ako commented.

"But still cute, though," Akira added.

"Still," Nodoka said, "if you don't have to fight, it's best not to…"

"Huh?" Yuna questioned. "Honya-chan, what're you talking about? It's not like he or Gohan-kun are fighting bad guys, or…"

"'Fighting' as in toward a dream, is what she means," Yue interrupted.

"Oh," Yuna said. "Still I wonder what Gohan-kun's goal is?"

"Yeah that's right," Haruna added.

"He never did tell us what his dream was," Akira said.

"Maybe we should ask him the next time we see him?" Ako commented.

"Let's do that!" Haruna said with a fistpump. Everyone joined in as well, except for Yue and Nodoka, who left the simulation and got changed to see where Negi and Gohan were at since no one had seen them anywhere.

Nodoka and Yue continued to walk through the hallways of the building, trying to find their teachers. "Y-Yue, I think we are lost," Nodoka said after a few minutes of walking.

"Nodoka we are not lost," Yue responded. "I already made a mental sketch of the place. Trust me."

"O-Okay," Nodoka nodded. Nodoka wasn't sure about it but she trusted Yue. After all, Yue can recall locations much easier than she could. And luckily, her mental mapping worked as they finally found the lobby. The two of them went to work to look for their teachers and friends, but with no luck. Then Bulma walked by the lobby, looking at a strange object with a smile.

"Isn't that Gohan-sensei's friend, Bulma-san?" Nodoka asked.

"Yeah she is," Yue replied. "Let's follow her."

"Eh?" Nodoka flinched.

"She might know where Negi-sensei is," Yue said. "Come on, Nodoka." Yue got hold of Nodoka's hand and pulled her along.

"Y-Y-Yue," Nodoka stuttered as she gave no resistance to Yue's tug of her hand. The two of them quietly followed Bulma throughout the house, passing by the laboratory where Hakase continued to analyze the music box. However, once the two of them passed by, Hakase pulled up a document on the computer that was titled, 'The make-up of the Artificial Humans No. 16 and No. 17.'



* * *



Outside…

Nodoka and Yue continued to follow Bulma to the outside of the building. Bulma stopped as she looked at the strange object while Yue and Nodoka looked from the corner, curious to what was the object in her hand. Then suddenly, a yellow cloud came flying down towards Bulma's position with a figure following close behind it. Yue and Nodoka turned a bit wide-eyed when they saw Konoka on top of the yellow cloud and Gohan landing softly on the ground. "Y-Y-Yue, d-d-did you see that?" Nodoka asked as she turned to her friend.

Yue was unresponsive as she tried to ponder on the physics of flying through the air. Of course though, after learning that Negi Springfield was a mage, strange occurrences like these weren't as shocking as they should be. "Gohan-sensei is probably a mage," Yue finally said. "That is why he is an assistant to Negi-sensei."

"But Chamo-kun said that Gohan was a ninja," Nodoka said.

"I highly doubt it," Yue said. "After what I had seen during the school trip, I don't think that Gohan-sensei is a ninja. He may be something else." Yue and Nodoka then noticed something come out from Gohan's hand. It was an orange ball with six stars on it. Yue and Nodoka had curious looks on their faces as they had never seen such an object before and were wondering what it was. But before they could ponder on what it was, another figure came flying in, this time with someone holding onto him.

"Who is that?" Nodoka asked.

"I'm not sure," Yue replied. "I think it is Setsuna." And indeed, it was Setsuna and she was being carried in by a rather small dark haired man with a red shirt. Gohan and Konoka waved to them as the man landed the ground softly. "Let's listen in to what they are saying." Nodoka nodded in agreement. Both of them got quiet as they tried to listen in the conversation.

"Kuririn-san, Sestsuna-san did you find one?" Gohan asked.

"We sure did," Kuririn said as he pulled out another orange ball. This time it had one star on the ball. Yue and Nodoka turned even more curious. What were these things?

Suddenly, a bright light was shown in the distance. Yue at first thought it was the glint of a building but when she saw another bright light appearing next to it, she pondered on what it was. The bright lights started to get bigger and bigger until finally Yue and Nodoka could see two figures within the bright lights. And right behind the two lights was another figure, riding a staff. Nodoka put on a smile as she immediately recognized who it was. It was Negi!

Negi was riding on his staff as he followed at fast speeds closely to Trunks and Goten. Trunks was in the lead as he came down and with a flash of light, he landed softly on the ground. He was then followed by Goten who did the same thing and then not to shortly, Negi as he came down on his staff. Trunks had a big grin on his face. "I win!"

"You cheated Trunks-kun!" Negi complained. "I was the one winning until you said that Asuna-san was right behind us."

"Hehehe," Trunks chuckled. "Well, you shouldn't listen to everything that people tell you." Negi pouted at him playfully causing everyone present to laugh.

"It looks like you became good friends with Trunks-kun and Goten, eh Negi-san?" Gohan asked.

"Yup," Negi beamed. "Trunks-kun and Goten-kun are a lot of fun. While we were searching for the Dragon Balls, we had a snow fight. And Trunks-kun promised me that we would play showdown soon. I can't wait."

"I bet," Gohan grinned, happy in seeing that Negi was getting along with Trunks and Goten. He was a bit worried there, thinking that Negi would appear too mature for the two demi-saiyans. Thankfully, that didn't happened and Gohan hoped that this would blossom in a great friendship. Perhaps he should invite Trunks, Bulma and Vegeta to Mahora Academy to visit with Goku and Goten. Goku would probably mention to Vegeta about the tournament. It will be fun times in the future.

And the speak of the devil, Gohan sensed Goku's ki heading over to their position. "Dad is on his way here," Gohan said, drawing everyone's attention to where Gohan was looking. And sure enough, everyone could see Goku flying from the distance, with Hoi in his arms and Asuna on his back. Everyone waved at Goku to show him where they were at. Goku nodded once he saw the group on the ground and proceeded to land.

Once he landed, Hoi and Asuna were let go and everyone went to greet them. Negi was about to say something to Asuna, but she still gave him the cold shoulder, causing him to have a gloomy atmosphere surrounding him. "Asuna-san is still mad at me," Negi muttered. Trunks and Goten went to his side, calming him down and comforting him.

"Don't worry about it," Trunks said. "She is just a mean Onee-chan."

"What did you say?" Asuna said menacingly, causing Trunks and Goten to flinch.

"N-N-Nothing," Trunks stuttered.

"If you don't mind, I want to get this over with so we can relax," Asuna said. "I'm still sure that there is no such thing as a hero in a music box."

Hoi was about to argue against her but was stopped by Goku. "Now, now, why don't we just ask Shen Long to open the box? Then we will see who was right and who was wrong?"

"Fine," Asuna said. Gohan and Setsuna let out a sigh of relief as everyone pushed the Dragon Balls together. Meanwhile, Yue and Nodoka continued to watch the scene with interest.

"What do you think is going on Yue?" Nodoka asked.

"I don't know Nodoka," Yue said. "But I'm pretty sure that we are about to find out."

The Dragon Balls started to glow brightly with orangish color as it shone. "Come forth Shen Long and grant our wish!" Goku yelled to the sky. As soon as he said it, the seven orange balls began to illuminate even more to the point that they looked like stars on the ground. In a flash of light, the balls exploded! A ray of light shot out from the balls and into the dark night sky that had appeared once the balls had exploded. Negi, Chamo, Asuna, Konoka, Setsuna, Hoi, Nodoka and Yue all looked in awe as the column of light started to take a shape. The shape turned out to be a dragon and a large one at that.

Nodoka, Yue and Negi started to get relapses of the dragon that they encounter on Library Island before the trip to Metro West. However, as the dragon started to take shape and color, they soon realized that it wasn't the same type. Hoi stepped forward, amazed at seeing the Eternal Dragon for the first time. "M-Marvelous! This is…Shen Long?" Hoi said in awe.

Shen Long was a green Eastern dragon, whose kind was benevolent and sacred in Oriental mythologies. He had the horns of a stag, sharp teeth, green scaly skin, red eyes, four toes on each foot, a long serpentine body, long flowing whiskers, a long snout, crescent shaped nostrils, and flowing green hair on his cheeks. "I-Incredible," Negi awed.

Asuna was in awe as well as she turned to Gohan whose face looked like he had seen him more than once. "G-Gohan, is he always like this?"

"You bet," Gohan grinned. "Why? Were you expecting something else?"

"Well, when you mentioned about wishes, I thought about a genie, not a big ass dragon!" Asuna exclaimed.

"Sorry, I guess I didn't mention that," Gohan said sheepishly. Asuna was about to say something else to Gohan but she was interrupted by the dragon's growl.

Shen Long was ready to speak. The first words that he spoke boomed in the area. "I shall grant thee any two wishes. Now, speak forth thy first wish."

Hoi couldn't move. He was too amazed at the sight that almost forgot how to speak. Hoi tried to find the right words, before Bulma went next to him and gave him the music box. Once he had the music box in his hands, Hoi had finally found the right words. "I-I'd like you to remove the seal on the hero Tapion…"

Shen Long lowered his head a bit as he looked at the object in question face to face. "That is a simple matter," Shen Long said. His red eyes glowed as he sent a lightning spark towards the music box, catching Hoi by surprise. Hoi, caught by surprised at the bolt, dropped the music box. The music box landed softly on the ground as a bright light ran across the box. "I have granted thy first desire!" spoke Shen Long. "Now, what is thy second wish?"

"That's okay Shen Long," Goku said to the Eternal Dragon. "We'd like to use our second wish later."

Shen Long nodded. "Then farewell." Then in a gulf of light, the dragon disappeared, leaving behind the seven Dragon Balls. The Dragon Balls went up into the air, spinning around the one star Dragon Ball until finally, it stopped. Then the balls light up once again but this time, the balls were scattered to the ends of the earth. To new locations, to be located once again in six months.

As soon as the sky went back to normal, everyone crowded the music box. The music box was shining, but the lever wasn't moving. This drew the ire of Bulma. "H-Hold on, what is this? Nothing changed, did it?" But as soon as she said that, a screech was heard causing Bulma to be quiet. Then the lever started to turn, producing a melody that was heard in the area.

Insert Tapion's Music Box melody (see profile for soundtrack link)

"It's turning!" Gohan said.

"So it is true, huh?" Kuririn added as everyone continued to hear the melody play, waiting for what was going to happen next.

"That's a pretty melody," Konoka said as she listened to the melody.

"There's something a bit sad about it, though," Setsuna responded, hearing differently though.

Trunks, Goten and Negi all had their eyes wide open, waiting for the appearance of the hero. "Here he comes, here he comes!" All three of them exclaimed, excited to see the hero. Then the box open, with a gush of wind coming out. "He's here!"

As soon as they said it, the wind around them started to pick up. Smoke rose from the box and enveloped itself into a cloud. Then the cloud took a shape…the shape of a person. Everyone watched with anticipation and keen interest.

"Dad…" Gohan whispered.

"That's an incredible ki…" Goku mentioned, as he and Gohan had noticed it once the figure took shape. Bulma, Konoka, Asuna and Setsuna took a step forward to get a closer look at the figure. Nodoka and Yue continuously stared at the figured as well. However, none of them noticed that Hoi was walking backwards, away from the figure itself.

Hoi let out an evil smile. His eyes glowed as a demonic aura surrounded him. He expanded the aura, ready to take over the figure at a moment's notice. All of his hard work and his plan was about to come to fruition. However, at the sound of an ocarina playing, he stopped himself. He growled, knowing what the melody was.

Insert Tapion's theme (ocarina)

The melody that the music box was playing before started to play again, but this time, it was coming from an ocarina. Then the music box exploded, causing a bright light that caused everyone to try to cover their eyes. Once they opened them, they started to see something different about the figure that came out of the music box.

The figure took color as the smoke and wind dyed down, revealing the hero Tapion! He was roughly six feet tall, had light skin, a Mohawk of bright red hair, and something that looked like a golden head band that covered the bald surface of his neck. He wore a dark green body suit, covered by a brown vest. A blue scarf was around his neck. He also wore brown gloves and brown boots. Everyone stood in awe at the sight of him as he landed softly on the ground, playing his ocarina. On his back, there was a sword, sheathed in a brown scabbard.

"So what Oji-san said…was true," Goku said as he got a good look at the hero. Tapion stopped playing and opened his jade eyes. Asuna was in disbelief. What the old man said was true then. Then that means…

"Awesome!" Trunks exclaimed, interrupting Asuna's thought process. Negi and Goten were in the same boat. Tapion looked pretty cool to the young boys.

"Isn't he a fine young man?" Bulma said. Hoi walked up to the hero, with a grin on his face. However, he was stopped in his tracks when a sword came down right in front of his face.

"Stay back!" Tapion yelled with a scowl on his face.

Trunks beamed at the sight of the sword. "Cool!"

"Are you the one who revived me?" Tapion asked Hoi as he looked at the pink old man sternly.

"It must have been hard to spend those thousands of years in such a tight place," Hoi said with a grin. He hadn't changed his expression ever since Tapion drew his sword. He looked very calm in the face of danger.

Tapion scowled even more. "Who asked you to? Put me back!" He yelled at Hoi.

"That's impossible now," replied the pink old man. "The music box has been destroyed." Hoi let out an innocent laugh as Tapion clenched his teeth in anger and rage. What now? He wondered.

"Now, now, you've finally been let out, so let's try to get along –" Goku said as he tried to calm down the tension between Tapion and Hoi but stopped when the cold hero turned his back towards him.

"Please do not come near me. You people have done a terrible thing!" Tapion said as he walked away from the complex and into the streets.

"A terrible thing?" Goku asked curiously and he wasn't the only one. Everyone present was curious as to why a hero whom they had revived would be this cold towards them. Well, mostly everyone. Trunks was estatic. Tapion was like an idol to him.

"I want to be like him!" Trunks exclaimed with a happy face.

"What are you talking about?" Bulma asked sternly. "Any boy who can't even say a word of thanks after we revived him is awful."

"Wait up!" Trunks exclaimed as he rushed to follow Tapion.

"Ah, Trunks!" yelled Goten as he followed Trunks and he wasn't the only one.

"Trunks-kun!" Negi said as he followed the two young demi-saiyans.

"No! Come back here!" yelled Bulma but to no avail. The boys were long gone.

"Negi!" Asuna exclaimed worriedly. She was about to give chase but Goku blocked her path as he put his hand out to stop her from following. "Goku-san?"

"Negi is in good hands," Goku said with a smile that seemed to calm down Asuna's worries. "Trust me." Asuna nodded. Something about his smile made her trust him completely.

Meanwhile Gohan went to Setsuna. He wanted to hear a different opinion on the hero Tapion. "Any impressions?" Gohan asked to Setsuna.

Setsuna scowled a bit as she began to ponder. "He reeks of danger, huh?" Setsuna mentioned.

"I don't know..." Goku said. He believed that Tapion's attitude may be a way for them not to get involved. But whatever the case, if there was a threat to the Earth, Goku would surely protect it with all his might.



* * *



At an old abandoned factory…

A few miles away from the Capsule Corporation building laid an old abandoned factory. This factory was used for the making of various technological devices. However, when the Capsule Corporation introduced the Hoi Poi, or better known as Capsules, into the consumer market, the demand for the technological devices that this factory offered went down the drain. Eventually, the company went bankrupt and abandoned this old factory.

It had many years since the company went bankrupt but the factory still stood. However, there were clear signs that the building was crumbling. Pieces of cement from shafts broke off, falling to the ground. Various holes were created as the building started to crumble. Rats and other animals had made this factory their home. Today there were going to get a new guest…Tapion.

Trunks, Goten, and Negi had followed Tapion to this abandoned factory. Since they couldn't see where Tapion had entered, Trunks decided to look through the roof's entrance. He took a breath and blew the dust away from the emergency exit that was on the roof. Trunks had a very excited look on his face but Goten and Negi, with Chamo on his shoulder, looked more worried. "Trunks-kun, we'd better not," Goten said worriedly.

"I agree with Goten-kun too," Negi added. "We shouldn't do this. Come on let's go back."

"I agree with Aniki!" Chamo said.

"What are you three talking about?" Trunks exclaimed. "He's a hero! Don't you want to hear all of his stories?" Trunks then proceeded to open the emergency exit, causing more dust to come up. Goten and Negi covered their eyes to not let the dust in.

"But he said not to come near him," Goten commented.

"Yeah, but…" Trunks said as he looked inside. He had hoped to see the hero in action, but instead, the hero was in anger. He had a very angry look on his face and it looked like he was about to hurt someone. He looked awfully intense. Trunks flinched and was taken aback by Tapion's facial expression. He took a step backwards, away from the emergency exit.

"What's wrong?" Goten asked.

"That's a hero for you!" Trunks said nervously, trying not to show that he was scared by Tapion's facial expression. "He's awfully intense." Goten, Chamo and Negi blinked as they wanted to see what Tapion looked like and how it made Trunks jump. However, Trunks stopped them as he decided to go back home, wanting to feed the hero some dinner. Goten and Negi nodded in agreement and the three of them went back to the Capsule Corporation building.



* * *



Back at Bulma's house…

It had been a few hours since Tapion had been revived from the music box. Everyone was about to go back home, but Bulma decided to have a barbecue party at her house. With the mention of food, Goku decided to stay. With the mention of alcohol, Muten Roshi decided to stay. The girls that had come along with Gohan were also invited to the party.

Beef Kabobs were being grilled as everyone was talking amongst themselves. Gohan was talking with Kuririn about working as an assistant and telling him about Mahora Academy. Just as he was about to talk about the Kyoto trip, Gohan felt a tug on his shirt. He turned around and saw Yuna standing before him, with a slight blush on her face. "Y-Yuna-san?" Gohan said.

"Gohan-kun I was wondering if I could talk with you for a second?" Yuna asked.

Gohan blinked a few times before he put out his Son grin and nodded. "Sure. Why don't we talk over there?" Gohan said as he pointed at a corner of the balcony where the barbecue was being held. Yuna nodded in agreement. Both of them walked over to the spot and leaned over the railing. However, a few girls, namely Shiina, Misa, Chizuru, Setsuna, Konoka, Haruna and Kazumi, gave a few jealous glares at Yuna who was now all by herself with Gohan.

Gohan and Yuna were silent as both of them stared at the city nightlights. Yuna finally spoke up. "I'm sorry Gohan-kun." Yuna bowed apologetically.

"Huh? What are you sorry about?" Gohan asked.

"I'm sorry about being mad with you," Yuna said. "I was kind of angry at the fact that that old man interrupted our date and you had to go and follow him on a stupid quest to play the music box." Gohan sweat-dropped at the comment. "But after thinking about, I realized that you must have had your reasons for doing it. I'm sorry."

"I'm the one who should be sorry Yuna-san," Gohan said. "I didn't tell what was going on and had forgotten your feelings. I'm sorry but I couldn't explain to you the situation and…"

"Don't worry about it Gohan-kun" interrupted Yuna. "I think I will wait for the day when you can tell me more."

"Actually I was thinking of telling you the next time we go out again," Gohan said with a smile. Yuna turned a bit wide-eyed when she heard Gohan say the last part. "After all, I plan to make it up to you for ruining the date. How about we go out again later in the future?"

Yuna beamed happily. She gave a nod with a blush of happiness. "Hai!" Gohan had his Son grin but then he was manhandled by a few of the girls that were watching the two of them, namely Misa and Shiina.

"Gohan-kun, what about me?" Both of them asked. But as soon as they said it, they gave each other serious glares.

"Shiina, I think that I should go with Gohan-kun the next time," Misa said as she pulled on one of Gohan's arms.

"What are you talking about Misa?" Shiina exclaimed. "You already have a boyfriend! So don't go hogging Gohan-kun all to yourself." She pulled on the other arm of Gohan's. Gohan's face was that of puzzled.

"I think we should let Gohan-kun decide where to go," Chizuru said with her devilish smile, causing a few shrieks of fear. Shiina and Misa shrieked, knowing that going against Chizuru meant certain pain afterwards. Both of them let go of Gohan, but as soon as they did it, Kazumi swept in and locked arms with Gohan.

"Hey Gohan-kun, why don't we get some more food?" Kazumi said with a smile.

"Sure Kazumi-san," Gohan said nervously as he started to feel some killing intent behind him. He knew that the intent wasn't toward him but rather towards Kazumi. "I'm actually kind of getting a bit hungrier."

"That's the spirit Gohan!" Goku yelled with food in his mouth. Gohan let out a chuckle as he went to grab some more food. Goku followed suit as he grabbed another kebab while Gohan went over to talk with Kazumi.

Goku continued eating with a smile on his face. He then noticed something that he didn't realize earlier. "Huh? Where did that Oji-san go?" asked Goku.

"Now that you mention it…" Gohan replied as he and everyone else looked around to see where Hoi was at.

"Yohahaha!" Muten Roshi laughed drunkenly. He was completely wasted from all the alcohol being served since he had a half empty glass of beer in his hand after drinking a lot. "He's probably gone off to flirt with some pichi-pichi gal!" He said while pointing at Kazumi's chest and was about to do something perverted but Gohan stopped him but he could anything else.

"He's not like a certain dirty old man I could mention," Bulma said as she stood up from the table.

"Yohohoho," Roshi laughed as he walked away from Kazumi and towards where Bulma was at. "If not a pichi-pichi gal, perhaps it's some older woman," Roshi said as he pointed to Bulma's chest. Bulma's eyebrow twitched in anger. Roshi let out another drunken laugh before being slapped hard, really hard by Bulma and sent flying to the ground. Everyone laughed at Roshi's antics.

Goku laughed while he was still eating. He then saw a pair of hands trying to grab the kebabs that were on the grill. It looked like children's hands. Goku immediately recognized that they were from Negi, Goten and Trunks. "Yoink!" Goten said as he grabbed one.

Goku let out a smile as he saw Negi grab one as well. He knew what the boys were trying to do. "Huh? They're all gone…" Trunks said as he continued to search for one. Goku decided to help out by placing a kebab near Trunks's hand. "Huh?" Trunks said as he searched for a kebab. Then he found one. "Ah, here's one, here's one…"

Goten, Trunks and Negi all giggled with each other as they got out from underneath the grill. They then proceeded to go through the hallways and back outside towards the abandoned factory. However, they were stopped by a voice. "Negi-sensei..."

Negi, Trunks and Goten all turned around to see Nodoka and Yue. "Hey…" Nodoka said.

"Hi Nodoka-san, Yue-san," Negi waved hello at the two girls. "Trunks-kun, Goten-kun, I'll catch up with you guys later."

"Okay Negi, we'll see you later," Trunks said as he and Goten went off, leaving behind Negi, Nodoka and Yue to themselves.

"Negi-sensei," Nodoka said, "were you and Asuna-san able to make up?"

"Well…" Negi said nervously, scratching the back of his head.

"By the way, how'd you two even get into it in the first place?" Yue asked.

"Well, that's,um…" Negi as he proceeded to tell them about what happened between him and Asuna.

"…So it's partly because you went to Library Island with us?" Yue asked.

"It's all here!" Negi said as he pulled out some sheets of paper. "Every last word, in writing, yet!"

Yue and Nodoka read the sheets of paper that Chachamaru had printed out from before. After a few minutes of reading, both Yue and Nodoka said, "Oh, well…"

"Well?" exclaimed Negi. "Because I'm stumped."

"I think it's this part that's the problem," Yue concluded as she pointed to a specific part of the pages. Negi joined in to look at what she was referring to. "I'm sure you were only trying to protect Asuna-san, Negi-sensei," Yue explained. "Which is why you told her she wasn't 'part' of your fantasy world – you worried that she'd be in danger. That's what you meant, right? What I'm guessing Asuan-san heard, though, was that, as someone who wasn't 'part' of your world, she was only a junior high-school student who should mind her own business."

"What?" exclaimed Negi. "But that's not what I meant at all!"

"But if that's what she heard, then that's what you may as well have said," Yue replied.

"B-But I never," Negi said as he began to process what Yue had just said to him. "Th-Thank you, Yue-san!"

"I-It's how anyone would think, really…" Yue said with sweat drop. "But anyways, if you don't mind me changing the subject, we have a favor to ask of you, sensei."

"Huh?"

"You sure about this, Nodoka?" Yue whispered to Nodoka. Nodoka a nod in reply. "We…that is…Negi-sensei, do you think we might learn to use magic, too?"

"Heh?" Negi replied as he blinked a few times before he could process what just happened. "S-Since when do you two want to be –?"

"We swear we'll study hard," Nodoka interrupted.

"What, you don't think we can? Mundanes like us?" Yue said.

"It's not that I don't think you..." Negi said nervously.

"Please then!"

Negi was about to give in. He, however, shook his head and was firm in his response. "No! That's what I'm saying!" yelled Negi. "It's just like with Asuna-san! How can I in good conscience expose students like you to danger, when you're not even…"

"And what we're saying is that we're choosing to become part of this so-called fantasy world," Yue interrupted with a clenched fist. "Whatever danger, whatever adventure! The thing is, sensei, we don't think it's fair that you be stuck trying to defeat that dragon all by yourself."

"Which is why we'd like to help, if we can," Nodoka added.

"Nodoka-san, Yue-san. Th-The thing is, I myself just graduated from magic school, so…" Negi said as he tried to persuade Yue and Nodoka from not doing this course of action.

"One more thing!" Yue said. "If it's okay with you, of course, Negi-sensei, I, too would like to do this pact-thing I've heard so much about. You don't mind, do you?"

"Wah?" freaked a blushing Negi while Chamo had a glint in his eye at the very mention of the word. "P-Pactio?"

"Sure!" Yue said firmly. "The more people fighting at your side, the…" Yue then noticed that Negi was blushing red like a tomato which got her curious. "Why is your face so red?"

"Is it?" Negi said as he tried not to draw attention to himself. He was obviously failing at it miserably.

"Heya!" said a voice. Everyone turned their heads around to see Asakura Kazumi leaning over the wall with her shoulder, waving hello at the group. "Whatcha talking about?"

"Asakura-nee-san!" Chamo exclaimed. "Get this: Yue-onee-san wants to a pactio with Aniki!"

"Agh! Chamo-kun!" Negi protested but it was no use. Kazumi had a glint in her eye.

"She does? Good idea! Why not?" Kazumi said with a smile. She looked over to where Nodoka and Yue were at and smiled. Yue and Nodoka had confused looks on their faces, as they were curious as to why Negi was making a big deal about the pactios.

Kazumi walked over to Yue and whispered in her ear. "You sure, Yuetchi? You do know that, to do a pactio with Negi-sensei, you have to kiss him, right?"

Yue flinched and blushed red. She then remembered what happened during the Kyoto trip when Konoka kissed Negi and bright light surrounded them. She was always curious as to why that had happened and now she knows. Nodoka looked at her friend, who was blushing like crazy. "Something wrong, Yue?" Nodoka asked worriedly.

"N-Nothing! Wh-Why do you ask?" Yue replied with a bigger blush.

"Well, Yuetchi? You gonna plant one on Negi-kun and do the pactio or what?" Kazumi asked. Yue kept on flailing her arms around and yelling nonsensical words to distract Nodoka from the real reason as to why she was blushing. However things got worse for her as Konoka and Setsuna walked over to where Negi and the group were at.

"Negi-kun, I have a question!" Konoka said. "Is kissing the only way for the pactio to form?" Yue face-planted. All of her efforts wasted.

"A k-kiss?" Nodoka asked quietly. "Kiss, as in…?"

"Sure, Miyazaki!" Kazumi said. "Remember the school trip? No? Lemme refresh your memory…"

"YAAAGH!" Yue yelled as she tried to stop Kazumi from telling anymore.

"Where'd that come from, all of a sudden, Konoka-san?" Negi asked.

"Well, after thinking about it for awhile, I've decided maybe I will study to become a magic-user!" Konoka replied. "I want to help out with you and Gohan-kun as much as I can."

"You will?" Negi said. "Really?"

"Uh-huh!" nodded Konoka. "And I want Se-chan for my partner and Gohan-kun as well, but Se-chan says kissing between girls isn't right, so it's not that I mind personally, but…"

Right there, hell broke loose. Yue tried to calm down Nodoka about the kiss and the significance of it. When it happened, Yue didn't think that it was to form a pactio at all. In the meantime, Kazumi tried to convince Setsuna to do the kiss with Konoka, saying that girls their age experiment with these kind of things. Setsuna tried to say otherwise. While this was all going on, Chamo was struck by an idea.

"Hold up, now!" Chamo said, drawing everyone's attention to him. "Just the thought of so many supporters fighting side-by-side, it's an idea that certainly merits some consideration!" Chamo then pulled out a piece of paper that he had made with the initials of everyone present. "Let's say two persons study magic, and that they both become adept. We'd have attack, healing, assistance, and defense capabilities – the total package! Asakura-nee-san's perfect for gathering information and attacking we have Gohan-aniisan, who is a total beast!"

"But Chamo-kun…" Negi protested to no avail.

"Is Gohan-sensei really strong?" Nodoka asked to Kazumi.

"Very strong," Kazumi replied. "You have no idea."

"But," Chamo commented, "We are gonna want Asuna-anesan on this one, Aniki."

"That's right!" exclaimed Negi. "I still have to go apologize to Asuna-san!"

"What?" Everyone said.

"Negi-kun, you mean you still haven't…?" asked Konoka. Negi shook his head, but remembered that he had promised to meet up with Goten and Trunks. So he said his goodbyes and went off towards the direction of the abandoned factory.



* * *



At the abandoned factory…

"Shouldn't we wait for Negi-kun?" Goten asked as him and Trunks continued to run towards the abandoned factory.

"Heck no!" Trunks replied. "Onii-chan might be getting hungry. We shouldn't delay any longer." Goten nodded in agreement but he was still worried. He wanted Negi to come along with them.

The two demi-saiyans proceeded to walk into the abandoned factory, but as soon as they got to the entrance of where Tapion was at, Tapion had pulled out his sword. He looked like he was ready to attack. Trunks and Goten flinched a bit in fear. "Um, Onii-chan, we'll just leave this meat here for you," Trunks said as Goten got behind him. Trunks then left the food on one of the canisters that were there. Tapion then put away his sword in the scabbard. "U-Um, Mama's seasoning is pretty good," Trunks mentioned.

Tapion didn't respond. Trunks's face saddened a bit as result of the cold shoulder. He turned around but not before saying something. "Well, we're going home now. I'll be back tomorrow, okay?"



* * *



Later that night, in a borough of Metro West…

Metro West was separated into different boroughs, similar to that of New York City. And like all cities, there was massive traffic, especially during the rush hours. It was bumper to bumper on one of the nearby bridges near the Capsule Corporation. People were used to the rush hour traffic but this time no cars were moving. People were pissed. They needed to get to places such as home, the bar or wherever.

"Hey, what are you doing? Hurry and get going!" yelled one of the motorists as he honked his horn. And he wasn't the only one. People were screaming at each other to move, but when they saw an explosion in the distance and inside the borough, everyone got quiet. They wondered on what was going on. A news helicopter passed by the bridge and towards where the explosion had occurred.



* * *



At Bulma's house

Gohan was about to call it day and got to sleep in one the many guest rooms that the building had, when he saw the girls crowding the TV. He walked in and asked, "Hey girls, what are you watching?"

"The news Gohan-kun," Misa said worriedly. "Something bad is going on here in Metro West."

"What?" exclaimed Gohan. He rushed over to watch the news as well.

"I'm standing over the bridge that leads to the Miyiaki borough where something has appeared and destroying everything in the vicinity," said the newscaster. She was in the newschopper and was looking over the smoke that was produced by an explosion. "The military has come in and tried to take care of the situation but to no avail. Military officials have not told anyone who or what is doing this. Unconfirmed reports say that it is a giant monster."

"Giant monster?" Gohan muttered. Something is going on there and I must stop whatever it is, Gohan said to himself as he rushed out of the room quickly.

"Gohan-kun, where are you going?" Shiina asked.

Gohan turned his head and gave his Son grin. "Don't worry, I'll be right back," Gohan said confidently, causing a few blushes from the girls. Somehow, his smile had calmed down their worries about the danger that was in the Miyaki Borough. Everything was going to be all right.

Gohan, meanwhile, ran through the hallways. He ran into Bulma. "Bulma-san, have you seen my Dad?"

"I'm not sure," Bulma replied. "Son-kun probably went to train somewhere." Gohan clenched his fists in frustration. Great, of all the times that I need assistance, Dad is not here, Gohan said to himself. Oh well, might as well do it as the Great Saiyaman then.

"Thanks Bulma-san," Gohan said. "Please take care of the girls. I will be right back."

"Be careful Gohan-kun," Bulma said as she watched Gohan run down the hallways and go outside.

Once outside, Gohan moved up his sleeve to reveal his Saiyaman watch. But before he could press it, he felt something. He turned around to see a figure, who dressed up in similar clothes to that of his Saiyaman costume but instead of green vest, it was a red one. The figure also had a blue helmet on, with a sword at the side. Gohan blinked a few times before he recognized it was. "S-Setsuna-san? What are you wearing?"

"Bulma-san said these clothes will help cover my identity," Setsuna replied as she walked up to Gohan.

"Yeah I know that, but why are you dressed up like that?" Gohan said.

"To help you out Gohan-sensei," Setsuna said.

"Huh?"

"I know that you are going to say that it's dangerous, but if Ojou-sama is in danger, I want to protect her at all costs," Setsuna said with a determined look. "Let me come with you."

Gohan pondered a bit. He wasn't sure if he should bring Setsuna along but with her look of determination, he probably couldn't stop her anyways from going. He grinned. "Okay Setsuna-san, you win. But if it gets out of hand, I want you to get out of there as quickly as possible," Gohan said.

Setsuna smiled brightly as she gave a nod. "Hai!"

"Okay…KINTO'UN!" Gohan yelled. A yellow cloud came down from the skies and parked right in front of them. Gohan turned around to Setsuna and said, "Okay Setsuna-san, hop on."

Setsuna blinked a few times. "Is that the same cloud that Ojou-sama used?"

"That's right," Gohan replied. "But I am sure that Kinto'un will gladly accept you." Setsuna wasn't sure but decided to risk it. She couldn't fly and show her true form out in the open even if she was wearing a disguise. Gohan probably had known about that and helped her out by getting another form of transportation instead of caring her to the battlefield. She quickly hopped on the cloud and luckily enough, she didn't go through it. Gohan let out a smile. "Transform!" He pressed the button on his Saiyaman watch and transformed into the Great Saiyaman!

"All right!" Gohan said after doing a series of poses. "Let's go!"

"Right!" Setsuna nodded as she and Gohan took to the skies and headed towards the Miyaiki borough.



* * *



In the Miyaiki Borough…

Unlike what was being portrayed in the news, the borough was relatively quiet. Some people were unaware at what was going on until they heard several poundings to the ground. "What was that?" said someone in the street. Then a puff of smoke and movement of the earth occurred, causing some people to run away in fear.

The poundings continued with windows of nearby buildings being broken and some people forced to flee from the buildings.

"What the…?" wondered a businessman, as a pair of legs walked by, destroying the windows and causing the building to move around.

The pair of legs continued to move along on the streets of the borough. The military had come into the area, ready to blow this thing back to kingdom. They sent helicopters, military personnel and even tanks. But everything that they threw at the thing was simply repelled by the legs and destroyed easily.

"This is awful!" said Gohan as he flew over the damaged parts of the city. Setsuna couldn't agree more as she flew next to him.

As both of them approached the spot where the most explosions were at, a helicopter was passing by. Inside the chopper, the pilot was relaying a message to Headquarters and to its commander. "It's the Saiyaman! The Great Saiyaman has come!" The pilot said into the radio headset.

"All right," said the commander on the radio. "Let's let him take care of this."

The tanks went backwards as all military forces retreated from the battlefield to allow Gohan to fight more freely. They thought because of the Great Saiyaman's abilities, that he might be enough to defeat this thing.

Gohan landed softly on the ground. Kinto'un followed suit as it parked right next to Gohan, letting Setsuna get off the cloud. Gohan turned to Kinto'un. "Kinto'un, you can go now. We'll call if we need to." The cloud went up into the sky and away from the battlefield. Once Kinto'un was safely away, Gohan motioned Setsuna to follow him as they ran up the streets to catch this monster. But as soon as they as started to walk, a large leg came crashing down in front of them. "What is that thing?" Gohan said as he looked upwards, in shock at the sight.

Then suddenly, the buildings next to them started to collapse! Gohan looked closer and turned wide-eyed when he noticed that it was tail sweeping the place. He needed to get to the air and fast. He grabbed hold of Setsuna's hand (which she blushed a bit) and went up into the sky.

"What is that thing?" yelled Setsuna as both she and Gohan looked at the destruction that was caused by the tail. This tail was no ordinary tail. It was colored black and had scales on it with a triangular shape at the tip. It was swinging around with pounding noises being heard.

The smoke cleared up to reveal a pair of legs…but no torso! The legs were colored in dark green with a red shin guard. At the rib cage area, there was a light brown plating surrounding it. At the top of the rib cage, there was purple circle, like it was its top half was in another dimension.

"What is that?" Setsuna yelled, shocked at the sight of what she was seeing. What this a new kind of demon?

"A ghost with legs? No, it's a monster with just legs!" Gohan said. "This could be the enormous evil that the Oji-san was talking about."

"Gohan-sensei we have to stop it!" Setsuna said as her and Gohan landed on the ground, safely away from the legs. Gohan nodded in agreement. Setsuna took out her sword and infused it with ki.

Gohan inspected the monster as he tried to determine the ki level. Once he realized it, he turned wide-eyed and yelled at Setsuna, "No, wait Setsuna-san!"

Setsuna dashed ahead to attack. She jumped in the air as she yelled out her attack, "Shinmei-ryu Secret Technique: ZANMAKEN!" She slashed at the legs, causing a big explosion. She landed on the ground, sword at the ready, hoping that the monster was finished. It wasn't. The smoke cleared out revealing the legs, unharmed and unscathed.

Setsuna clenched her teeth in frustration as she infused more ki into her blade. Gohan ran towards her, yelling, "Stop it Setsuna-san!"

Setsuna ignored Gohan's yell as she went ahead for another strike. "Shinmei-ryu Secret Technique: ZANMAKEN!" She yelled using the same attack as before, but this time she prepared a second strike with the first. "Shinmei-ryu Secret Technique: ZANMAKEN NI-NO-TACHI!" She yelled sending the second strike, causing another explosion in the vicinity of the half-monster.

She landed on the ground, hoping that was the end of it. But because she wasn't paying attention, the half-monster sent out its tail to attack Setsuna. Setsuna reacted to it too late, unable to move. Then she felt a heavy push on her side and saw Gohan tackling her. She immediately blushed as Gohan was on top of her, but she realized that he did that to move her out of the way. "G-Gohan-sensei!"

"Setsuna-san, get out here!" Gohan yelled. But as soon as he said that, the monster went ahead with another attack as it sent its tail crashing in between Gohan and Setsuna, sending both of them flying across the ground. Gohan's sunglasses fell off his face as he landed hard.

Setsuna got up but was a bit of trouble. "It sure is strong," she muttered. She looked at where Gohan was at and hoped that he was ok. And indeed he was. The monster went ahead and attacked again but this time towards Gohan. "Gohan-sensei!" The half-monster attacked with its leg, hoping to pound Gohan to the ground. Gohan evaded the pound, somersaulted in the air and landed safely on the ground.

"Damn it! Wreck the city, will you? You'll pay for this!" Gohan spoke as he turned serious and collected his ki. Super Saiyan 2 won't work here, Gohan said to himself. I will end this fight right here! Gohan let out a war cry, causing the turban on his head to be rip to shreds. The around of him was getting destroyed craters being formed and the side of buildings being torn to shreds. Setsuna noticed that Gohan was different. His demeanor had changed completely. His demeanor looked like that of his Super Saiyan 2 transformation. And also the lock of dark haired that was in front of his face had switched places. Gohan had transformed once again into Mystic Gohan! "Here goes!"

Gohan then launched at the monster, avoiding a kick from the large beast. Gohan then landed a hard kick at the rib cage, causing a dent to the beast. However, the beast did not fall. Gohan flew up higher in the sky. "What kind of beast is this?" The monster turned around to face Gohan.

Gohan decided to attack again. "All right…!" Gohan went flying towards the monster but soon as he had approached, the monster momentarily disappeared. "Huh?" Gohan was caught by surprised as he searched for the beast. He then felt a tug in the air and dodge two attacks. He went up to the sky, avoiding another kick. Gohan then turned around and shot a large ki ball at the beast, causing a big explosion which also made the monster fall down finally, crashing into a building.

"You can do it Gohan-sensei!" yelled Setsuna as she avoided the falling debris.

Gohan pondered on what had happened when he tried to attack the beast head on. The beast simply disappeared and then reappeared again. When I sent that ki ball at him, he didn't disappear, Gohan said to himself, trying to figure out the secret behind the monster. Then the idea hit him. "I get it! He becomes solid momentarily when he attacks! All right…!"

The monster tried to attack Gohan using a tail swipe, but Gohan was able to dodge it in time. He flew up into the air. He then landed on the ground, avoiding the two pounds from the legs. Setsuna got worried and curious as to what Gohan was doing. The monster turned around and lifted its foot, ready to smash the demi-saiyan to the ground. Gohan stood firm and waited for his opportunity. Then it came as he dodged the pound with a jump to the air and punched hard the rib cage of the monster, causing it to be unbalanced. Gohan then landed on the ground and ki leg swipe, knocking the monster on to the ground.

Setsuna awed at Gohan's strength. She had launched two strong attacks against the monster and nothing had happened to it, but Gohan was able to hit and hurt the monster, even knock it unbalance as it had fallen on the ground. The monster quickly got up, using its tail as support. It was ready to attack once again but Gohan stopped it in its tracks when he got on top of a building and wasted no time in attacking the beast once again. Gohan put his two cupped hands forward, sending a very large ki blast towards the beast. "HYAAAHHH!"

The monster took the blast head on and crashed into the building behind it. The blast caused a rather large explosion. Gohan wasted no time as he jumped into the air, leaving behind some cracks on the building. He put his hand and sent continuous ki blasts at the spot where he had sent the beast flying. It was one explosion after another. Gohan decided to stop attacking as he landed in front of the explosions.

"You did it Gohan-sensei! You got him!" Setsuna said happily as she ran and stood next to him. Gohan had won!

"No, not yet," Gohan said sternly. Setsuna got confused and worried. Even after an attack like that, the monster was still alive! How was that possible? As the smoke began to die down, Gohan and Setsuna heard a melody being played in the air.

(Insert Tapion's theme Ocarina)

"That melody…" Setsuna said as both Gohan and her looked around the place to see where the melody was coming from. The smoke finally disappeared, but there was no trace of the monster at all! Only the craters and debris caused by Gohan's attack. "The monster disappeared."

Setsuna started to look around the place, trying to look for the monster or where it could have gone. Gohan then noticed something in the distance. It was figure. Gohan tried to decipher the figure as he looked more closely at the figure. A figure that awfully looked like…Tapion! "Tapion…" Gohan muttered as he saw Tapion look at him directly. Tapion then disappeared within debris. Gohan was about to give chase but was stopped by a tug of the shirt from Setsuna.

"Gohan-sensei, over there!" Setsuna yelled, pointing to the top of the nearby building. Gohan looked closely at the stop where she was pointing at. A figure was running on the roof of the building, clad in robes. The clad robed man jumped onto another roof and away from the sight of Gohan and Setsuna. Neither of them could give chase to the figure as they tried to make sense on what was going on.



* * *



Author's note: Hello everyone! Hope you enjoyed the chapter! As you may have noticed, I broke my rule of not having music placed in the story. You know the one letting you the reader decide what to listen to. This chapter was a special case, especially concerning with Tapion's ocarina or flute and the music accompanied it (which the links are listed on my profile page). But this is going to be the only time that I am doing it. I just wanted to help you guys out that's all. Also, I am not going with the American dub soundtrack of this movie. That ocarina soundtrack was horrible in the American dub! It almost made me want to tear out my ears by how horrible it was! It didn't even sound like an ocarina! As a result, I went with the original soundtrack which sounds so much better. But that's just me.

Also, I won't be publishing another chapter next week. I have to collect some data for more chapters plus I am going to be away from my computer for a week, so sorry about that. I promise I will post another chapter the week after. So expect a chapter in two weeks.

Anyways, it's Glossary time!

Hoi Poi: Also known as DynoCaps, the special trademark product of Capsule Corporation. I think Hoi Poi sounded better than DynoCaps.

Shen Long: You might as guessed it, it's basically the Eternal Dragon. It also known as Shenron as mentioned in the American dub.

Artificial Humans: They are also known as the Androids. I went with Artificial Humans because that's what they are really. Humans that are artificially made. Plus, it sounds a lot of cooler than Androids. It kind of gives that uneasy feeling you know?

Well I hope you enjoyed the chapter! Keep reading and keep reviewing! See you in two weeks! Peace! Oh and to my American fans, happy Fourth of July! Enjoy your BBQ or whatever you do on that day!





*Chapter 16*: The Great Hero Tapion's Tale!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. See Chapter 1 for details.

Author's note: Hey everybody! Hope you guys had a good two weeks, especially when the weather outside is very nice, especially in my area...well, sometimes (especially in my area)! I am more of a spring kind of person except I would take out all the pollen that is floating in the air.

Anyways, apparently not a lot of people got the TV reference I was trying to make in an earlier chapter (Chapter 14) and no it was not Rie Tanaka. To tell you the truth, I just came up with that name randomly. I didn't even think that there was someone named like that until someone told me about it. But anyways, there is a quote in Chapter 14 that was used in animated TV show called Futurama. Do you see where I am going with this? Let me help you out...does the name Bender the "lovable" robot ring any bells? Hope so. But enough of my ranting because I have good news everyone!

This past week I went for an interview to work as an English Teacher in Japan and guess what...I got the job! YAY! You have no idea how long I have waited for this. I will spending 13 months working there, possibly even longer. I'm not sure where though but as long its in Japan, I am cool with anything. hehehe. I start my training on September 12th so don't be surprised if I don't post a new chapter during the month of September or even October for that matter. But I will still continue working on this story. I have a lot of fun writing this story.

But anyways, I want to thank naioka1992 for beta-reading this chapter and the series. She has been a great help! So now, let me present to you guys Chapter 16 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 16: The Great Hero Tapion's tale! The phantasm known as Hildegarn!

Tapion returned to the old factory. He stared at the ocarina sternly, specifically on the weird insignia of a monster's face on the side of it. His staring, however, was interrupted by the sound of soda cans falling down on the ground and rolling. He turned around to see who it was. It was Trunks, who was bringing cans. Tapion watched as Trunks tried to grab one of the ones that had fallen to the ground, then stood up and put the ocarina on his belt.

"O-Onii-chan, if you want, you can use this," Trunks said as he came inside the building.

"Don't come near me!" Tapion yelled angrily.

Trunks flinched a bit in fear, but shook it off as he went towards the canister where he placed the food earlier. He was going to give Tapion a blanket that he had brought from home. "Don't get mad, I'm leaving," Trunks said. He then looked at the tray that he had brought earlier and noticed that the food was not eaten at all. "Oh, you didn't eat?" Trunks asked.

Tapion turned his head and scowled angrily. "Get lost!" Tapion yelled, causing Trunks to jump.

"H-Hai!" Trunks yelled as he ran away back home.



* * *



Later at night

Tapion was sleeping soundly against the wall. Before he had fallen asleep, he had placed his hands on the ocarina, to make sure that it was protected. However, because he fell asleep, he lost his grip on the ocarina and it fell from its holding. The ocarina skidded across the floor and until finally stopping a few meters away from Tapion's position.

While he slept, white aura beams started to emit from Tapion. The beams then congregated into one spot in the air. A large blue hole was created, causing winds to swirl around the place. The noise that the winds were creating helped wake up Tapion. He cracked opened one of his eyes and the moment he saw the hole, he immediately woke up. "Oh no!" He stood up, knowing what was going to come out of that hole. He went for his ocarina, but didn't feel anything. He looked down and turned wide-eyed that he didn't have his ocarina on him.

Then suddenly, a giant clawed hand came out of the hole towards Tapion. Tapion dodged the attack at the last second. The hand went through the wall, causing a huge hole. Tapion was lucky that the attack didn't hit him; otherwise he would have been dead! Tapion clenched his teeth as the hole started to open with something big, something grotesque coming out. It was a monster! The head like looked like that of a skull, with spikes on the top of its head. It had black breast plate and dark green spiked shoulders. The arms were similar to that of the legs.

"GARGH! Growled the beast as it tried to kill Tapion. Tapion dodged the attack and then saw the ocarina on the floor, near the beast. He quickly jumped towards the ocarina, dodging a devastating blow from the monster. Once he grabbed it, Tapion did a flip and landed hard against the wall. The monster turned its head toward Tapion as it went out to crush the hero. Tapion collected himself and began to play the melody on his ocarina. The beast sent out its hand to Tapion but stopped itself short.

Tapion continued to play the melody. The beast growled even louder as it started to shrink into tiny particles. These particles were then collected and stored into Tapion's body, like he was a container of some sort. Once the beast was gone, Tapion stopped played and panted for air. Danger had been avoided…for now.



* * *



The next early morning, at Bulma's house…

In one of the many guest rooms that Bulma's house offered, Negi was sleeping soundly in the same room with Gohan. Gohan kept on mumbling on about different study subjects that he did when he was young while Negi kept on mumbling Asuna's name.

Then a knock was heard in the room. Negi opened one of his eyes and stood up a bit to see who was at the door since it was partially open. There was a figure at the door and upon closer inspection, it was Asuna. "Eh? Asuna-san?" Negi said quietly as not to wake Gohan up.

"Come here," Asuna said as she used her index to motion Negi to come closer. Negi got up from bed and walked to the door, trying not to make any noise. Unfortunately, Gohan was already awake, with one eye open. He was curious as to why Asuna was calling Negi over.

Once outside the room, Negi scratched his eyes. "Um, un, Asuna-san…" But before he could say anything else, Asuna handed Negi a bag that contain his swim-trunks. Negi looked at Asuna questionably, curious as to why she had brought swimming trunks. And for that matter, why was she dressed in one as well?

Asuna then grabbed Negi's hand and tug along the corridors of the Capsule Corporation building. Meanwhile, Gohan had gotten out of his bed and decided to follow them, curious as to why Asuna would bring Negi out early in the morning. Gohan smiled. Maybe Asuna and Negi will be able to make up. That way, if the monster appears again, the three of them can work together again unless the threat is too much for them.

Negi and Asuna continued to walk through the hallways until they reached to an inside swimming pool. Negi stared in awe. "Oh, wow-w-w…I never noticed that they had swimming pool!" The pool was bigger than that of the girl's dormitories. He wondered on how he could not have seen this. Asuna probably found it when they weren't talking and while he was trying to apologize to her. Suddenly, Negi felt a tug on his hand and then was thrown into the water.

Negi quickly got out of the water, splashing all around. "BLAH? Asuna-san, wha-what are you…?"

But before he could say anything, he heard Asuna laugh very hard in front of him. "HAHAHA! You should see look on your face!" Negi was confused. What did Asuna find so amusing and what was the point of all this. He definitely got his answer when Asuna jumped up and went straight down with a kick, catching Negi by surprise.

After a few minutes of splashing around, Asuna still kept on laughing while Negi tried to recollect himself. "You could've warned me, you know!" Gohan, who was looking from a corner, couldn't help but smile. But he was curious as to why Asuna brought him out here to the pool. "Why is it now that you…?"

"Because," interrupted Asuna, "I just thought, here we are in Metro West, and we still haven't had any fun, so…" She then turned her head at Negi, which made him flinch. She started to walk over towards him. Negi covered himself, thinking that she was going to hit him. But instead, she hugged him.

"Asuna-san?" said a surprised Negi and he wasn't the only one. Gohan for a second there thought that Asuna was going to hit Negi as well, but instead she didn't. However, he couldn't help but smile, knowing what Asuna was trying to do.

"Sorry."

"Eh?"

"Sorry about the cold shoulder treatment," said Asuna as she kept hugging him. "I apologize…I'm sorry."

"Asuna-san..." Negi said. "What I said about not being a part – that's not what I meant to say. I'm sorry!"

"It's okay," Asuna responded. "Really, besides…it's just I worry sometimes. I'm not sure when it started, or how but I worry that you'll get hurt or worse, that you'll get killed. You and Gohan tend to overdo it sometimes you know? It goes double for Gohan as well."

"Asuna-san," muttered both Gohan and Negi at the same time but at different places.

"And even if I do tell you or Gohan to stop, you'll keep looking right – for your father? I'm sure that Gohan is helping as well. But…let me help, let me protect you, and let me…be your partner in all the ways that count okay, Negi?"

"Asuna-san," Negi said. However, a blush started to go over him. "Um – uh – I-It's not that I don't appreciate your feelings, but it's just so sudden and I'm still only ten and I thought that you liked Gohan-san, so…"

"Eh?" Asuna flinched as she realized that the words she just said might have had another meaning that definitely was not intended. "Th-That's not what I meant! I only said it because you are a kid, because you're uncontrollable and because I can't just sit by and let you and Gohan do everything by yourselves!"

"Wow, I didn't know that you liked Negi-san that much Asuna-san," said a shocked Gohan. This caused Negi and Asuna to turn around and see a blushing Gohan standing before them. Asuna immediately blushed red, realizing that Gohan had just heard everything that she just said to Negi with her implied feelings towards Gohan.

"No, no, no!" Asuna shook her head, blushing red in the face. "Like what I just said to Negi, that is not what I meant you dark haired baka!" She got out of the pool and ran away from the scene.

"Ah! Asuna-san!" yelled Negi as he tried to give chase but to no avail. He looked over at Gohan and noticed that he had a sad look on his face. "Gohan-san, are you alright?"

"Huh? Yeah I'm fine Negi-san," lied Gohan with a fake smile. "Hey Negi-san, why don't you get your gear ready so we can get some training in?"

"Sure Gohan-san," nodded Negi. "I'll be right back." With that, Negi went back to his room, leaving behind Gohan, who stared at the floor. Gohan was unsure on what was going on with him. Why am I like this? Gohan asked himself. Is it because what Asuna-san said to Negi-san? No, that can't be it. I think Asuna-san was trying to show her feelings like a sister, not anything else. But why do I feel so uneasy about it. It must something else, but what I wonder. Gohan then walked away from the pool and back to the room, as he started to get ready for some training with Negi and possibly with Son Goku.



* * *



Asuna kept on running through the corridors. Kuso, why did Gohan have to be there? She said to herself. It was definitely not what I meant to say. Definitely not! At that moment, she had closed her eyes as she spoke to herself. But as a result, she didn't see where she was going and ran into someone. A tray fell down to the floor and winces of pain were heard. Asuna turned around, ready to apologize at whoever she ran into and saw that it was Trunks. "T-Trunks…"

"You have such a hard head mean Onee-san," Trunks said as he rubbed his head. He then looked up to see Asuna, surrounding by menacing aura. "No wonder Negi-kun has trouble with you."

"Wh…at…did…you…say?" Asuna said as she cracked her knuckles.

"Sorry!" Trunks bowed apologetically.

"That's better," Asuna said. Her eyes then noticed something on the floor. It was a tray with sandwiches and a bottle of milk. She walked over to it. "What you got there?" She asked Trunks.

Trunks stood up immediately, as if he had to do something important. "I almost forgot!" He yelled as he grabbed the tray. "Onii-chan must be hungry for some breakfast!" He ran down the halls quickly, leaving behind a confused Asuna. She blinked a few times, curious as to who Trunks's Onii-chan was. If I remember correctly from Gohan, Trunks is an only child, Asuna said to herself. That reminds, I got to explain Gohan about what I meant to say to Negi. I don't know why I should do it but it will somehow ease my worry. She then ran back to her room, ready for the start of a new day.



* * *



At the abandoned factory…

Trunks ran up the path towards the abandoned factory. Once he arrived though, he was in for a shock. There was a large gaping hole on the wall of the factory. "W-What? What happened?" He yelled as started to worried about Tapion.

He ran up the steps and into the factory. He then saw Tapion sitting on top of a rock. Trunks's face light up. "Thank goodness! You're safe!" He walked a few steps forwards, hoping that he could actually get near the Hero. But his hopes were dashed when Tapion gave him the cold stare. Trunks immediately stopped himself and let out a laugh. "I know. I'll leave your breakfast here, okay? Bye. I'll bring you more later." He then back to the house, hoping the next time, Tapion will either talk with him or eat the food that he brought for the Hero.



* * *



Later in the day, back at Bulma's house…

Konoka, Setsuna and Asuna, with Chamo on Setsuna's shoulder, were walking along the corridors of the Capsule Corporation, running into several of the girls that came with them. They were hoping to do some training for themselves as well. Setsuna and Asuna would practice kendo and Konoka magic with the help of Negi. "So were you and Negi-kun able to make up?" asked Konoka as they continued to walk.

"Yeah, me and the squirt were able to make up," Asuna said with a bit of a sad face.

"What's wrong Asuna-san?" asked Setsuna. "I thought that you and Negi-sensei making up was a good thing."

"It is but Gohan heard my conversation with Negi," Asuna said. "There was something that I said to Negi that I think Gohan misunderstood. I have been looking for him all over the place."

Konoka let out a giggle. "You really like Gohan-kun."

Asuna blushed red. "I do not! I don't like that dark haired baka! I like Takahata-sensei! I just want to clear any misunderstandings between me and Gohan. Remember, I like Takahata-sensei!" With that, she made a gruff and went ahead of the group, leaving behind Setsuna and Chamo sweat-dropping. I knew that she had feelings for Gohan-anisan, Chamo said to himself. But if I utter one word of this to her, she will definitely flatten me like a bug. Setsuna was thinking along the same lines, except for the part of being flatten like a bug. That wouldn't happen to her…hopefully.

Konoka meanwhile, had a bright smile on her face. However, she knew that Asuna was competing for Gohan's affections like everyone else, even if she didn't show it as much as the other girls. However, she did feel slightly jealous towards Asuna and her relationship with Gohan. She definitely needed to go on a date with Son Gohan.

"Hey, what are you two doing?"

"Coming Asuna!" Konoka said. Setsuna followed pursuit. They continued to search for a quiet place to practice without being seen by unsuspecting eyes, the girls ran into someone. It was Negi.

"Negi! Where have you been?" Asuna demanded.

"Sorry Asuna-san, I have been training with Gohan-san and Master Ku Fei," Negi said with a grin.

"You did?" Asuna asked. She moved her eyes all over Negi's body and noticed that most of his clothes were torn to shreds. There were scratch marks all over his body. "Seriously Negi, what did I tell you? You don't need to take things too far!"

"Actually, it was Gohan-san who did it. He started to be a little harder in the training today," Negi said.

"Well tell me where he is so I can give him a firm talking to," Asuna said with a clenched fist. "There was definitely no need to take things too far. Where he is?"

Negi flinched. He definitely recognized that kind of voice, which meant that she was going to give out some punishment. Particularly to one Son Gohan. However, Negi knew that if he didn't tell her, Asuna would definitely take out her anger at him instead. "He is in the gravity chamber, with Goku-san. Over there that way." Negi pointed in the direction of the gravity chamber.

"Okay," nodded Asuna, cracking some knuckles as she went to the gravity chamber. Setsuna and Konoka were about to go along with her but were stopped by Negi.

"Negi-kun?" Konoka asked.

"Shouldn't we follow her?" Setsuna continued. Both girls were curious as to why Negi had stopped them.

"Gohan-san is training with his father," Negi said. "It wouldn't be wise to be near them." Setsuna and Konoka looked at each other, wondering if they still continue on. But if Negi thinks otherwise, it was probably not a good idea to get in the way. They both nodded their heads, adhering to Negi's request. "Hey, where are the other girls?" Negi asked as he looked around.

"Well, some of the girls wanted to do some shopping and see Metro West," Konoka said. "I think Bulma-san is giving them a grand tour of the city as well as do some shopping with them."

"Aww," pouted Negi. "I wish I could have gone with them."

"Why Negi-sensei?"

"I heard that Gohan-san's birthday was coming up soon and wanted to get a present," Negi said. The two girls were unresponsive. "I guess we can get it later then." Negi started to walk back to his room, however he was stopped when a hand grabbed his shoulder. Negi looked up and saw that Setsuna had stopped him.

"Gohan-sensei's birthday is coming up?" Setsuna asked.

"Where did you hear this Negi-kun?" Konoka added.

"From Goku-san and Bulma-san," Negi replied. "Why do you ask?"

Setsuna and Konoka looked at each other and nodded in agreement, almost like they were thinking the same thing. "Why don't we go out then? You said it yourself, Negi-kun, that we shouldn't disturb Gohan-kun right now," said Konoka.

"Yeah, but…"

"Besides, didn't you want to see the city?" Setsuna asked. Negi got flustered.

"Okay, let's go then!" Negi yelled with a fist pump. He went straight to his room to get changed. Konoka and Setsuna smiled at their teacher's antics, but also to the fact that they were going to get a gift for the object of their affections. However, they weren't the only one. Kazumi, leaning against a corner, heard everything as well. She couldn't miss this chance especially after missing out on the food competition. She definitely needed to get Gohan closer to her. And she wasn't the only one, because once Haruna heard about the birthday, all the girls that liked Gohan knew about it.

It had now become a race to see who would get the best present for Gohan. And today was the perfect day to do so, especially since they were in Metro West.

Meanwhile, Asuna kept on running towards the gravity chamber until finally she made it. Or thought she did. She came across a door with a red light at the top. She tried to open but the door wouldn't budge at all. She started to contemplate if this was the right place. Then in the corner of her eye, she saw someone. This person had long standing black hair with a prominent widow's peak...Vegeta. Asuna's eyes sparkled a bit. She remembered that Gohan had told them that Vegeta was a Prince and thus must have great manners, not like certain dark haired idiots (Gohan for example).

"Well, if it isn't one of the girls that the son of Kakarotto brought along," Vegeta said in his usual tone. "What are you doing here girl?"

Asuna scowled a bit. She took it back. This man really didn't have any manners, especially when it came to women. "I was about to ask you the same question," Asuna replied. "By the way, I'm trying to find the gravity chamber. Do you know where I can find it?"

"You are looking at it," Vegeta said.

"Huh?" Asuna turned a bit wide-eyed before she brought herself back into reality. "Wait this is it?" Vegeta replied with a grunt. This guy was really getting on her nerves. "But how come I can't enter?"

"That brat and Kakarotto are training with gravity, causing the room to be pressurized," Vegeta replied. "If the door were to open while the gravity machine was on, the whole building would collapse due to the gravitational pressure."

"I see," Asuna lied. She had no idea what Vegeta was talking about. She definitely needed to figure out on why she couldn't enter. Gohan needed a stern talking to since he was like Negi in that he took things a bit too far. However, something that Vegeta had said caught her interest. "By the way, who is Kakarotto? You keep repeating that name over and over."

"Kakarotto is the real name of the one that you call Son Goku," Vegeta said. "Kakarotto is a Saiyan and that is his birth name."

"Oh okay," Asuna said as she remembered when Gohan told them about a bit of his past. She knew that Goku was from another planet but didn't think that he had another name. Regardless, Asuna was learning more about Gohan and his family. She took a seat and waited for the light above the door to turn off.



* * *



Meanwhile, inside the chamber, two blurs were going at it. Though you couldn't see clearly with the naked eye but if you were able to slow down time, you would be able to see two figures sparring with one another. One was dressed in orange and blue and the other with blue and red sash around the waist. The two figures kept on throwing punches and kicks at each other at such fast speeds.

Shockwaves were felt all across the chamber. Gohan zapped out of super speed and sent a punch at a blurring out Goku. Fortunately Goku was fast enough and avoided the powerful punch. Goku leapt back and jumped into super speed again. Gohan staggered due to his punch being avoided, but recovered fast enough to return to the brawl. The two of them were now shooting through the room again, their blurs seen passing the window every now and then. Whenever they were attacking, they would occasionally slow down.

Gohan appeared once again. A light red aura surrounded him as he pulled his leg back into a kick. Dropping fast, he sent it straight forward, his shin colliding with something hard. Goku's form appeared, his arms raised and blocking the roundhouse kick's full force. With that blocked, he parried it and shot up, pulling back his fist and digging it deep into Gohan's chest. Gohan back tracked a bit and, while he was falling back, he leapt back and sent a straight kick up into Goku's chin. Goku was struck full on by it, the blow knocking him back and senseless. With the two fighter's struck down, they both spun through the air before disappearing once again.

Goku appeared again, sending a roundhouse kick of his own directly into thin air. The blow struck Gohan in a parry, his arm raised to block it. Immediately after striking a hard pelt defense, Goku kicked off and shot into super speed. Gohan had just sent a punch of his own his way, only to find Goku gone. Just as he did, he was struck in the back of the head by an elbow. This one made him growl and stagger forward through the air. When he did, Goku vanished again and reappeared underneath him, an upward kick sent into Gohan's stomach. This one winded him, but only temporarily. Still, it didn't mean Goku could continue on with his assault.

Slipping out and shooting above Gohan, Goku came down with another kick, this one sending his opponent flying straight down for the ground. The demi-saiyan landed on all fours hard. The force of the kick was strong enough that it made Gohan immobile for a while. After all, they were training at 150 times the normal gravity of Earth in their normal states. He stood up again but due to the strain, he quickly sat down on the floor with a thud. He panted a bit.

Goku landed softly and looked at his son with hint of pride in his face. "Incredible Gohan. You have improved since the last time we sparred," said Goku.

Gohan chuckled. "I don't know about that Dad. I still can't beat you."

"Sure you can Gohan," said the Saiyan. "If we were to fight at our maximum levels, I'm pretty sure that you would beat me."

"If you say so," Gohan responded. "I don't understand why you couldn't let me practice using the Kaio-ken at full power?"

Goku's playful face then turned serious once the technique was mentioned. "It is to make you realize your limitations on using the Kaio-ken technique. Remember, the Kaio-ken increases your ki level, as well your strength, speed and senses for an instant. But the consequences can be catastrophic if you don't balance yourself out. You can easily damage your body or worse, make your body explode. What we have been doing now is laying the foundations on using the Kaio-ken."

"Sure doesn't feel like it," Gohan muttered.

"Trust me on this Gohan," said Goku. "Kaio-sama did the same thing with me and it took me almost a year to fully learn it. It's been only a few days and you have been farther than I ever went when I was learning the Kaio-ken."

"Thanks Dad," said a smiling Gohan.

Goku nodded. "Sure thing," Goku said with his usual Son grin as all the seriousness disappeared from his face. "But I think it is a good time to eat, I'm hungry!" Goku's stomach let out a loud grumble that caused Gohan to laugh.

"You and me both Dad," Gohan said as his stomach also let out a loud growl.

"Let's eat then! I'm sure that Bulma has already come back with food," Goku said as he went to the Gravity Machine and put the gravity on normal settings. Goku then helped Gohan off the floor and walked alongside him towards the door.

Outside, Asuna kept on trying to find a way inside the chamber. Then the light above the door turned off and the door suddenly opened. "Man, it sure does feel weird after training under 150 times the normal gravity doesn't it Dad?" Gohan said as he got out the door.

"It sure does, but you get used to it after a while," Goku said with a smile. Gohan responded with a smile as well. He turned his head and saw Vegeta and Asuna before them.

"Vegeta-san? Asuna-san? What are you guys doing here?" Gohan asked.

"Waiting for my turn," Vegeta said as he went past Goku and Gohan and into the chamber. The door slammed right behind and the light above it turned red.

"Vegeta is the same always," Goku said. His nose started to perk up. "I smell food!" He yelled with a bit of saliva coming from his mouth. "Let's go eat Gohan!"

"Right," Gohan nodded. But he was stopped when Asuna tugged on his shirt, halting his movement. "Asuna-san…"

"Gohan," she said with firm eyes as she went up close to his face. Gohan freaked out a bit. "I wanted to clarify something with you. I am not, in no way shape or form, in love with Negi. I wanted to make that clear with you okay?"

"S-Sure," Gohan said. But somewhere deep down inside of him, his mind was put at ease thanks to Asuna. He was not sure why though.

"Good," Asuna said as she walked by the demi-saiyan. Gohan let out a sigh of relief and started to walk away. He was getting hungry as well, but he was stopped again by Asuna. He turned his head and looked at curiously. "But, what I said to Negi about me worrying, it goes double for you. Understood?"

Gohan nodded. "Sure thing Asuna-san," Gohan said with his Son grin.

"That's good then," Asuna said. "I'm glad that we got that cleared. So why don't we eat? I know that you are starving."

"Huh? How did y–"

"Your mouth is salivating a bit," Asuna interrupted as she pointed to Gohan's mouth. Gohan blushed in embarrassment as he wiped it off his mouth and scratched the back of his neck. Asuna giggled as she went ahead, with Gohan following right behind her.



* * *



After lunch…

"Apparently, Trunks-kun has been sneaking food to him," Bulma said as she was cleaning the large stack of dishes. She had brought along huge bags of food for their guests and family. She was thankful that she had the girls to help out to carry the food back home.

"Oh, yeah? That's nice of Trunks-kun to do," Konoka said as she dried the plates that Bulma finished washing with a towel. She wanted to help Bulma with anything possible as any good house guest would do.

"He's always talking about how jealous he is of Goten-kun for having an older brother, so maybe he feels like he's got his own big brother now."

"I know how Trunks-kun feels. I'm an only child, too, after all," Konoka said, reminiscing about the past. "That is before I met Se-chan though."

"I'm glad that Gohan-kun was able to make some good friends at his new school," Bulma said with a smile. "Especially some as cute as you."

"Oh Bulma-san," Konoka said with a blush as she accidentally dropped one of the plates on the floor, breaking it. "Oh my goodness, I'm so sorry!"

"Don't worry about it Konoka-san," Bulma said. "You'd be surprised at the amount of dishes that I have broken over the years."



* * *



Later at night, at the abandoned factory…

Early in the evening, Tapion was leaning against the wall near the entrance of the factory. He took out his ocarina and played the same melody as always. Because he was so into playing the ocarina, he had failed to see Trunks run up the steps leading to the entrance, carrying another tray of food. Tapion continued to play until he heard a yell from Trunks. "No! No!" The yell startled him at first, but Tapion saw that Trunks was yelling at a white cat that had eaten the food that Trunks had brought earlier in the day. "That's Onii-chan's! You can't eat it!" Trunks continued to yell, trying to shoo the cat away. It took a while but he finally did it. "Aw, geez…"

Outside of the factory, on top of one of the shafts, there was a cloaked figure kneeling as if he was waiting for something. Tapion in the meantime, continued to lean against the wall. Trunks walked up to him. "Okay, Onii-chan, I'll leave tonight's stuff here, okay?" Tapion didn't respond.

Trunks continued to walk up to the Hero, hoping that they could actually talk to one another. "That flute sounds nice. Play it some more," Trunks said kindly. Tapion gave him a stern glare, causing Trunks laugh it off. "Then again, never mind."

Tapion got off the wall and proceeded to walk inside. The cloaked figure smiled. It was the time to strike. He jumped down and landed on the ground softly. But his landing caused a few heads to turn at seeing the newcomer fly in. Tapion's face turned to a worried one as the cloaked figure came rushing in. He knocked the ocarina out of Tapion's hand and onto the floor. But the ocarina landed directly on Trunks's feet.

"Boy, give me the flute!" yelled the cloaked figure as he dashed towards Trunks. He tried to grab the ocarina from the boy's hand, but Trunks was able to dodge it. The cloaked figure snarled as he sent both hands to grab the object, but Trunks was able to dodge each hand. They were going at fast speeds too; which caught the cloaked figure off guard a bit as he leaned over, knocking a lantern off, and causing the cloak surrounding the figures face to burn off. Trunks turn a bit wide-eyed as he recognized the figure immediately. It was the pink old man, Hoi!

Trunks immediately jumped up in the air and landed on top of a pile of destroyed machinery. "Trunks!" yelled Tapion. "The flute!"

"H-Hai!" responded the demi-saiyan as he was about to throw the ocarina back to Tapion. However, he stopped when Hoi yelled.

"Wait boy! Tapion is no hero!" yelled the pink old man. "He is the very monster that ran wild through the city!"

"Eh?" Trunks turned wide-eyed. Gohan had told him and Goten about a monster that was attacking the city. He and Goten wanted to go and meet it but weren't able to find it. Trunks turned his head to Tapion, to see if what the pink old man said was true.

Tapion remained the same. He still had the same stern look as before. "Trunks, don't let him fool you," Tapion said.

"If you give him the flute, then the whole Earth, to say nothing of the universe, will be completely destroyed!" Hoi yelled, trying to convince Trunks to give him the ocarina. "Now, hand it over to me."

"Trunks, trust me," said a calm Tapion.

"Come on…" Hoi motioned to himself. Trunks was unsure what to do. He lowered the ocarina and looked directly at Hoi. Hoi smiled. "That's it, hurry and give me the flute."

After a few seconds, Trunks looked at the ocarina one last time. He then immediately turned around. "Onii-chan!" He yelled as he threw the ocarina back to Tapion's hand.

Hoi was shocked. "W-WHAT?" He clenched his teeth in anger. He almost had the ocarina but now he was outnumbered especially by a boy with incredible skills. It was time for a retreat. He jumped up to the beams above and vanished in the darkness.

Once Hoi was gone, Trunks came down from the pile and towards Tapion. "Onii-chan!" He said with a happy face, hoping that Tapion would praise or say something. Instead Tapion gave him the usual scowling look as always. Trunks bowed his head in sadness. "I know...I'm going..."

Trunks started to walk towards the exit. "I sure am hungry," said Tapion. Trunks stopped immediately. He turned his head around and saw that Tapion didn't have his usual scowling look but instead he was smiling. "Would you eat with me?"

Trunks nodded with a big smile on his face. Both of them started to eat with Trunks making most of the talking between the two. "This is really delicious! Try some!"



* * *



Back at Bulma's house…

"Trunks brought his Onii-chan over to spend the night," Bulma said as she finished cleaning the kitchen after serving dinner to the guests.

"Isn't that amazing? I mean, becoming friends with a hero…" Konoka said. She and Setsuna were helping Bulma clean up the kitchen.

"He seems very delighted about it," commented Setsuna.



* * *



Trunks's Room

"See? See? See?" Trunks said as he started to show off the different toys to Tapion. "This is awesome! They bought it for me for my birthday last year. Look!" As Trunks was showing more of his toys, one in particular caught Tapion's interest. It was robot toy that had a crank on its back. It was moving slowly, but the robot toy tripped on the train track that was in the room and split itself. "Well? Isn't this fun?" Trunks continued to say while Tapion looked intently at the toy that was split in two, with a upper half and lower half. "And look, when you do this here, it does this! Say, Onii-chan, you try it. And actually, after that, you know what?"

A few minutes later, Tapion tucked Trunks in the bed and went to turn off the light. "Say, Onii-chan," said Trunks, "do you have any brothers?"

Tapion sat down on the bed. "Yeah, one younger brother," he replied to the demi-saiyan.

"Wow, that's great!" Trunks said. "What kind of boy is he?"

Tapion smiled. "He was a kind boy, like you, Trunks."

"Say, tell me about your planet, Onii-chan," Trunks said as he snuggled inside his bed covers.

"Sure," Tapion said with a bit of a sad look on his face. "My home is a place called Planet Conuts, in the Southern Galaxy. It was a beautiful planet, which, like Earth here, was blessed with greenery and water," Tapion said with pride and happiness. However, his voice turned serious and sad as he recounted certain terrible events. "But then, one day, there was a warlock who raised this phantasm…named Hildegarn, which attacked us. People were killed, and cities were demolished and destroyed. Just as everyone had resigned themselves to die, a miracle happened."

Tapion turned his head to see if Trunks was still awake but he wasn't. He was fast asleep. Tapion smiled. However, the smile didn't last long as he started to remember his brother from Planet Conuts. His brother had the same colored mohawk as Tapion but he had caring and innocent smile. Minoshia, Tapion said to himself. You've been killed, huh? Take care, Trunks.

Outside of Trunks's room, Bulma was about to check on Trunks and his Onii-chan. She however, stopped just short when she saw Tapion coming out from the room. "Where are you going?" Bulma asked as she walked up "If you'd like, you're welcome to stay with us from now on. Please, feel free. Trunks would be thrilled, after all."

"I can't do that," responded the Hero.

"Why not?" Bulma asked.

"There is a phantasm locked away inside my body," replied Tapion.

"Huh? A phantasm? I'm afraid I don't know what you're talking about. Explain it to me," Bulma said.

"I can't," Tapion replied. "I don't want you guys to get further involved in my problems. Besides, you wouldn't understand."

"I can help out with that," said a voice. Tapion and Bulma turned their heads to see Negi before them, dressed in his pajamas.

"Negi-kun, what are you doing up so late?" Bulma asked.

"I was coming back from the bathroom and heard you two talking," Negi replied. Bulma blushed a bit in embarrassment while Tapion turned around and started walking towards the exit of the building.

"Just a moment Tapion," Bulma said. "Whatever problems that you are having, I am sure that we can help you out."

"I-I…I can't," Tapion said.

"How about if I use my magic to help you explain about this 'phantasm'?" Negi asked. Bulma and Tapion immediately turned their attention towards Negi. Bulma's eyes were wide-eyed.

"Y-You can use magic?" Bulma said.

Negi nodded. "Hai. I am not supposed to tell anyone but since Gohan-san trusts you like family, then I will trust you as well."

Bulma stood dumbfounded for a bit. She smiled as she scuffled Negi's hair. "You are so cute Negi-kun," she said. "No wonder most of the girls like you."

"Bulma-san," Negi melted.

"I'm glad that Gohan-kun has a friend like you," Bulma said. "So why don't we use Negi-kun's magic to help you explain what is going on?"

"Sure," Tapion nodded. While Negi explained what the process of memory sharing entailed, Bulma took everyone to the living room. The living room was your average room except for the large screen TV and the aquarium alongside the wall. As Tapion, Negi and Bulma took a seat, Chamo drew up some magic circles around the chairs as to enable the memory sharing magic.

"All right, is everyone ready?" Negi asked. Tapion and Bulma both nodded. Negi started the chants, "Nympha Somnii, Regina Maeve! Portam Aperiens ad Se Nos Alliciat!" A bright light flashed before them and engulfed the trio.

Bulma and Negi opened their eyes. Their eyes then turned wide as they stood in awe at the landscape of what they were seeing. Green and beautiful gardens spread across the plains. It was a sight to behold. "Wow," both of them said. "So beautiful."

"This is Planet Conuts," Tapion's voice said but his figure was nowhere to be found.

"Incredible," Bulma said. Bulma then looked at down at herself and noticed something was off. She was naked! "Wait, why am I naked?"

"Well, that's how the spell works," Negi said while scratching the back of his neck. "But anyways, Tapion-san, let's get started."

"Of course," Tapion said.

"So what is this 'phantasm'?" Bulma asked as she and Negi floated over the landscape of the planet.

"Right, follow me," said Tapion. A bright speck appeared in front of Negi and Bulma. Negi and Bulma immediately recognized it as Tapion as he showed them the way. They followed the speck of light to a cave where a bunch of Hoi-look-alikes were chanting before a huge stone statue. In front of the statue, there was a sword and two ocarinas. Bulma and Negi saw those objects and began to wonder if those items were the same ones as the ones that Tapion carried around.

"There was a sect of warlocks that drifted in from somewhere," explained Tapion. "They took the spirit body of the totem that had absorbed all of the evil will on Planet Conuts, infused it with wicked energy, and transformed it into the phantasm Hildegarn." A green light shone, causing Bulma and Negi to cover their eyes. Once the light subsided, they noticed that the giant totem started to move. The bricks that covered it began to fall, revealing the phantasm…Hildegarn! It was the same monster that had attacked Tapion and Gohan combined.

"I-Incredible," Negi and Bulma both muttered as they had wide-eyed looks on their faces. They continued to watch as Hildegarn attacked the cities and destroy the population of the planet.

"Those warlocks must have had incredible demonic powers, huh?" Negi asked. Only a huge infusion of powerful magic could have summoned something as terrible as Hildegarn. He started to remembered the summoning of the giant demon during the Kyoto trip since they needed a large amount of magic that was within Konoka.

"Yes," Tapion replied. "Hoi was one of their order."

"Then we were all completely taken in by that old man. But why is the phantasm within your body?" Bulma said.

"It's because there was a legendary sword and flute that could control the totem," Tapion immediately responded.

"By any chance, do you mean the items that you carry around with you?" Negi asked.

"Yes. These items were given to us by Kami-sama," Tapion said as they watched new events from Tapion's past unfold.

Negi and Bulma floated as a time skip occurred, heading towards the specific event that Tapion wanted to show. A scene then started to unfold before them. Hildegarn was attacking a city and devouring people. But then, two figures appeared on top of the buildings, playing the music box melody on the ocarinas. It was Tapion and his brother Minoshia. Bulma was about to call out for them to be careful but Negi stopped her. He shook his head, signifying that this was already history that cannot be changed.

Tapion and Minoshia kept on playing their ocarinas, though Negi and Bulma were curious as to why they kept on playing in the face of danger. Then they realized something…Hildegarn was trying to stop them! Hildegarn was becoming sloppy in his attacks and was doing all in its power to stop the two boys from playing. "While we suppressed the phantasm's power with the flute," explained Tapion, "a priest who was in the service of Kami-sama split the phantasm's body into an upper half and a lower half."

Bulma and Negi turned their heads to see a figure with a hood. He had the sword that Tapion mentioned in his possession. He did a prayer and dashed towards Hildegarn. In one clean swipe, the priest divided the beast in half. Tapion and Minoshia continued to play their melody as Hildegarn tried to squirm away but to avail. Then the two of halves of the beast started to break into tiny particles and sent towards the two ocarina-playing boys. "And then, Hildegarn's upper half was locked inside my body, and the lower half was locked inside my brother's body. Peace returned to Planet Conuts. As a result, my brother and I were hailed as heroes."

A bright light shined, causing Negi and Bulma again to cover their eyes. But once they opened their eyes, they were outside in the real world, back inside the living room. Negi and Bulma each took a deep breath. Now they realized why he was called a hero. After all, he was one, in a sense. However, they still had some questions unanswered.

"But you were inside that music box, right?" Bulma asked first. "Why?"

"The warlocks tried to retake the phantasm, and began coming after us," explained Tapion. And before either Negi or Bulma could ask, Tapion continued. "And so…to lock away the phantasm forever, we had ourselves sealed up inside those music boxes. However, with the two of us near each other, the upper half and the lower half resonated with each other, trying to reunite. In order to keep the phantasm from ever being revived, the two of us were each sent away in pods to different galaxies."

"So that's how you were on Earth," Negi mused.

Tapion wasn't finished. "However, Hoi wants to make the whole universe his own, so he located both of our music boxes."

"Where is your brother?" Bulma asked.

"He has probably been killed already," Tapion replied with a sad.

"We can't let Hoi get away with this," Negi said firmly as he stood up.

"As long as I keep his upper half locked away, Hildegarn cannot be revived in his complete form," mentioned Tapion.

"You mean you haven't slept in all these days since you were released?" Bulma asked.

"N-No."

"All right, let me take care of this," Bulma said with determination as she stood up. "All I have to do is make something like that music box, to keep that power under control, right?"

"C-Can you do that?" Tapion said as his face turned wide-eyed.

"I haven't thrown out the broken music box yet, so I think I can," Bulma responded.

"Please make it, I beg you!" Tapion pleaded as he stood up, grabbing hold of both of Bulma's hands.

Bulma smiled and gave a nod. "You got it. Hang in there until then, okay?"

Tapion nodded. "Hai."



* * *



The next day…

Trunks and Tapion played outside while everyone else was doing their own thing. Negi was training with Ku Fei outside, Asuna and Setsuna practicing kendo, and Konoka on the sideline ready to give out first aid when needed. Gohan meanwhile, kept on training with his father, Son Goku, in the gravity chamber. Some of the girls went ahead did some more shopping since today was going to be their last day here in Metro West and were leaving at night.

Misa, Shiina and Madoka wanted to experience some Metro West karaoke before leaving so they went ahead into the city. After some karaoke, they would leave and go back to Mahora. Yuna wanted to go back and spend some time with her lazy father. Haruna needed to get ready for the Anime convention that was coming up and she especially wanted to bring Gohan along for a date. Nodoka and Yue were going to leave with Haruna since they didn't want to leave Haruna all by herself, even if it meant sacrificing alone time with Negi.

Hakase, however, had left the day before, thanking Bulma for her hospitality and showing her some new inventions. Hakase was grateful and hoped become as great as Bulma. As she left though, a piece of paper was hanging on the side of her suitcase, labeled 'Makeup of the Artificial Human.' Some of the other girls left as well (though some of them were reluctant to go).

As Negi, Trunks, Asuna, Setsuna, Kazumi and Konoka (and later on, Gohan) waved goodbye to the leaving girls, Bulma came onto the balcony, yawning. "It's all done!" She yelled, drawing everyone's attention to her. "Tapion's bedroom!"

"Really?" Tapion said happily as he and everyone else rushed inside.

Bulma brought them towards Tapion's new bedroom. From the outside, it looked like a giant version of the music box that had kept Tapion trapped. Inside, parts were moving all over the wall. Though, the noise level was pretty low when considering the amount of moving parts were inside the gigantic box.

"Inside here should be just like the music box. Go on inside and see. You can go in there and sleep without having to worry," Bulma explained.

Tapion took a look around. His face was beaming with happiness. "Thank you very much!" Tapion said happily. Bulma and Negi smiled. Trunks was ecstatic since now his Onii-chan was going to stay for a while longer. Or so he hoped.



* * *



Author's note: Hey everybody! Hope you guys liked the chapter. I tried to stay as close as to the movie as possible but added some new scenes like Negi having Bulma and Tapion do the memory sharing thing that he did with Asuna when showing his past. I think the scenes in which Hildegarn is shown are very key to the story but they don't have any dialogue in it. Thus, I had them do the memory sharing magic to show them how ruthless Hildegarn was. Hope you guys liked it.

Glossary:

Kaio-sama: The Lord of Worlds. Goku's teacher during the Saiyan Saga before the fight against Vegeta. He had taught him the Kaio-ken and the Genki Dama (Spirit Bomb). He is known as King Kai in the American Dub.

Hildegarn - The phantasm or monster that appears in DBZ Movie 13. He is also known as Hirudegarn in the American Dub.

Keep the reviews coming! See you guys next week! Peace!





*Chapter 17*: Explode with Power!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. See Chapter 1 for details.

Author's note: Hey everybody! Hope you guys had a good week. I'm glad that there are a lot of people enjoying this story. There have been over 20,000 views! Amazing! Oh I wanted to give a nice little mention about something. A fan of this story, SSJ5Gohan, is making an opening and closing for this series. I don't know if he has finished yet but once he does, you should check it out. I'll provide the link on my profile page when he is done. I welcome any creative projects you guys would like to do for this series. Just let me know about it okay?

Anyways, keep the reviews coming! I really enjoy reading them! And as I said before, the more reviews there are, the more chapters I am going to write even faster! It gives me energy! I'm sure you authors out there know what I am talking about. So keep them coming! I encourage for every reader to at least leave one review from now on.

I want to thank naioka1992 for beta-reading this chapter. Thank you! So now I present Chapter 17 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 17: Explode with Power! If Goku Can't Do It, Who Will?

At night, in another borough of Metro West…

The streets of the borough were unusually quiet. Clothes were all over the streets, leaving some questions from the walking bystanders. But those questions were answered when suddenly, a giant foot came crashing down. Buildings collapsed and streets were overturned. Panic broke out as people began to run away from the legged monster. As they kept on running, the people kept on hearing chants booming across the area. They were curious as to what the chant meant, but now was not the time.

The legged monster came towards the running crowd. It lifted its tail and then opening it, revealing slimy pink tentacles inside the tip of the tail. The people were caught by surprise and started to run away. The tentacles looked dangerous and they were. The tentacles stretched out, grabbing the escapees. The tentacles then latched onto the skin of the people, sucking away their life force.

People screamed in terror as they felt their life being sucked away by the half-monster Hildegarn. The only thing that remained though was their clothes. Some people saw this occur and began to run even faster. However, they too were caught by the tentacles. A loud laughter boomed across the borough. "Once Hildegarn is reunited, this will be nothing!" Hoi yelled. "I will hold the whole universe in my hand, starting with Earth!"



* * *



Back at Bulma's house…

Everyone was sleeping quietly in their beds. Trunks was sleeping in his room, Gohan and Negi in theirs and Bulma in her own. However, someone was not sleeping so well…Tapion! An energy was felt by Tapion as he awoke and saw an image of Hildegarn's face appear before him. Tapion let a loud scream, as if he was haunted by demons. "HAAAAAAAAAGH!" screamed Tapion as he grabbed his head in fear. He closed his eyes, hoping that the nightmare would end. But it didn't. Hildegarn was still there and wanted to get out.

Then a loud explosion occurred, rocking the entire building. As result, Bulma woke up abrulty. "What?" She yelled as she went to her window. She opened the curtains and saw a large hole at the side. She rushed over to the site and realized that the place that was destroyed was Tapion's bedroom! She glanced everywhere, looking for the hero but he was nowhere to be found. Bulma hoped that he was alright.



* * *



A few minutes later…

"Is that right? So that's what the story is, huh?" Goku said, inspecting the chunks of the destroyed bedroom of Tapion. Gohan, Negi, Goten, and Asuna were looking at the destruction. All of them were dressed for battle. Gohan was dressed in an outfit that was similar to that of Goku, the Kame uniform. Goten was dressed in the same colors as well. Trunks was dressed in a dark green dogi with an orange belt around the waist. He also had orange wristbands and golden boots that were common from Capsule Corporation.

As Trunks and Setsuna looked around the building to see if they could find Tapion, Bulma had explained to the group about the phantasm Hildegarn and how Tapion and Hoi are related to it. Trunks and Setsuna came back inside, stating that they couldn't find Tapion. This could mean trouble. "Gohan, have you asked some of your students to leave?" asked Goku.

Gohan nodded. "Already dealt with that Dad since most of them had left yesterday. I was able to persuade the remaining girls to leave as soon as possible. Though, I don't know why you guys are here." Gohan looked at Negi, Asuna, Konoka, Setsuna, and Kazumi.

"I'm here for the scoop," Kazumi said, taking pictures of the scene. "A hero fighting against a giant monster…that says major headlines all over."

"I'm here because you might need my help Gohan-kun," Konoka said. "Eva-chan was able to teach me some healing magic back at the cottage."

"And I'm here for Konoka-ojou-sama," Setsuna said firmly before being hugged hard by Konoka.

"Eek! Se-chan, that was so cool," Konoka said with a smile.

"O-Ojou-sama," Setsuna stuttered with a blush. Gohan smiled at the scene. Amongst all this danger, Konoka was able to bring some light into the situation.

"Well, I'm here just to make sure that you two idiots (referring to Gohan and Negi) don't go overboard," Asuna said.

"Don't worry Asuna-san," Negi said confidently. "I'm sure that Gohan-san, me and Goku-san will able to defeat whatever monster comes across our paths."

Gohan smiled. He was happy for Negi on having such great confidence. However, this monster may be out of their league. "Regardless," Gohan said as he cleared his throat, "if the situation becomes too dangerous, I want you all to get to a safe place. Got it?" Everyone nodded.

Then the sound of rubble moving caused everyone's heads to turn towards the direction of the sound. On the corner of the shattered wall, Tapion came in, staggering and panting heavily for air. His face was covered with sweat. He looked exhausted, as if he was fighting against a mighty beast. Then, his eyes started to get heavy and started to fall to the ground.

Luckily, Trunks and Gohan were there to catch him. "Onii-chan!" Trunks said worriedly.

"What happened to you?" Konoka asked.

"Where's Hildegarn?" Setsuna asked.

Tapion collected his breath as he tried to find the energy to talk. "I somehow managed to lock his upper half inside my body, but his lower half is running loose in the city!" Tapion exclaimed with his remaining strength.

"What?" Goku and Negi exclaimed.

"The power attracting his upper half and lower half together has gotten stronger, and there's nothing more that I can do!" Tapion said before he fell to the floor on all fours. He screamed in pain again. Something was desperately trying to get out of his body and Tapion wouldn't allow it.

"Onii-chan!" Trunks yelled.

"I can make something even sturdier!" Bulma exclaimed.

"It's too late now! N-Now, while you still can, please, you have to kill me, and Hildegarn with me!" Tapion exclaimed.

"Eh?" Everyone said before a dark started to engulf the area. Something was calling to the being inside of Tapion. Tapion screamed out in more pain as he desperately tried to stop the top half of Hildegarn from getting out.

"Onii-chan!" Trunks looked in worry. Tapion was clenching his hands and teeth hard. Blood was trickling out of the palms of his hands. He was trying with all his might to not let Hildegarn be reunited.

Tapion looked up at the party. There was no other option. They needed to kill him before it was too late. "Now! Hurry!"

"I won't let you do that!" screamed a voice. A large blue hole opened up above in the sky close to the Capsule Corporation building. The giant foot of Hildegarn came out of the floor and slammed hard onto the ground. Tapion stood up immediately and took out his ocarina. He was about to play his melody but a red ki beam knocked out the ocarina out of his hand. Everyone turned their heads towards the direction of the beam to see Hoi, smiling evilly. His plan was about to come to fruition. "Hehehehe, hahahahaha!" Laughed the pink old man…rather the pink demon alien.

Trunks, knowing that Tapion needed the ocarina, ran over to the where the ocarina was knocked to. He grabbed it and was about to come back to Tapion, before another foot of Hildegarn came crashing down through the Capsule Corporation building. Everyone gasped, especially Tapion. "Trunks!" He yelled, worried about Trunks's safety.

Luckily, Trunks was unharmed and had been able to avoid the pound. He jumped into the air and floated a while to avoid any other attack. "Onii-chan, play it!" Trunks yelled as he threw the ocarina back to Tapion.

Tapion smiled. "All right!" He said as he caught the ocarina with one hand. He was about to put his lips on the mouth piece but stopped and winced in excruciating pain. He fell to his knees, holding his head in pain. Everyone looked on with shock and worry as something was wanting to get out.

Trunks could only look on with worry. "Onii-chan!" He screamed, hoping that Tapion can fight off the monster that was inside him. But then a demonic aura started to appear around Tapion, catching the colors to a much brighter one. Trunks turned wide-eyed as he saw Tapion call out in pain. The very essence of Tapion seemed to be destroyed. Then it happened. The aura that surrounded Tapion engulfed him, taking away his strength and power.

Tapion fell to the ground on all fours, panting heavily. His very being shocked to the core as the demonic aura began to leave and go up to the sky. The bits and pieces of the aura all congregated to one spot as another dark blue hole opened up in the sky. Dark clouds began to overcast the city of Metro West, catching the innocent bystanders by surprise. Bolts of lightning scattered across the region, but as the seconds went by, the bolts intensified as if something big was coming. Then a humongous bolt crashed with the lower half of Hildegarn. A giant ball of energy appeared at the top. A face started to come out from the giant ball. Asuna, Konoka and Bulma could only look in horror – as the face was so demonic that the head look like a skull. Red eyes were apparent in the black sockets of his eyes. As more of the top half appeared, the face let out a loud roar that shook the very foundations of the city. "GAAAAAARGHHH!" The group looked on with fear as the unthinkable had happened…Hildegarn has been reunited and reborn!

"His body…!" said a shocked Gohan. He wasn't the only one. Negi, Goten and Trunks were shocked as well. Goku meanwhile, clenched his fists and teeth, prepared for the worst.

"It's reunited!" Bulma said.

Hoi laughed evilly. His plan has become a success! "After a millennium, the phantasm Hildegarn has now been completely revived! Now, suck dry as much energy from the Earthlings as you like!"

Hildegarn just did that as he sent a devastating punch towards the group that was inside the building. Goten and Goku moved out of the way. Gohan grabbed Setsuna, Kazumi, Asuna, Konoka, Negi and Bulma. Trunks move aside Tapion. Large chunks of the roof began to fall down on Gohan and his group. Gohan clenched his teeth as he had turned around too late to stop the rock, but luckily Negi was there to protect them as he chanted a protective spell. "Ras tel Ma Scir Magister FLANS PARIES AERIALIS!" A barrier surrounded them as the incoming rocks crashed into the shield. However, a second wave came in and this time, Gohan was able to stop the chucks as he sent ki blasts to stop them.

Once the roof stopped falling, Gohan turned his head towards the group. "You guys stay here! We'll take care of this!" An aura surrounded the demi-saiyan.

"Wait Gohan!" yelled Asuna, but it was too late. Gohan had flown off towards the direction where everyone else was at. He followed closely behind Goku and Goten.

Outside on the garden, the heroes, which included Goku, Goten, Trunks, Gohan and Tapion, all turned around to face the beast head on. "Damn it!" yelled Tapion. He jumped up and landed on top on one of the small buildings that surrounded the Capsule Corporation building. He got out his ocarina and started to play the melody. He played the notes correctly, hoping that Hildegarn would stop. However, the monster kept on approaching and approaching until it had finally had enough.

Hildegarn attacked with tail slash, destroying the ground as the tail approached Tapion's location. Everyone jumped out of the way except for Tapion. And because Tapion was so focused on playing the ocarina, he didn't see the tail approaching his position. Luckily Trunks was there. "Onii-chan!" He grabbed hold of Tapion as they took to the skies.

Hoi laughed evilly. "Hahahaha! That thing won't do you any more good!" screamed Hoi as he looked the scene from above.

"Impossible!" Tapion shocked. The only tool to stop Hildegarn's rampage has now become useless? This was not good.

Hoi grinned. He knew what Tapion was thinking. With the ocarina rendered useless, nothing will stop him from dominating the universe with Hildegarn! "Behold, the power of the completely restored Hildegarn!"

Goku and the group landed on the ground. Goku got into a fighting position as he yelled, "You'll have to face me!" He dashed towards with Goten following him. As he approached Hildegarn, the beast attacked Goku with a right and left hook. Goku dodged both attacks and then sent out a kick and hit its target. Or so he thought as the beast disapperated into smoke. "Huh?" Goku looked left and right to look for the beast. However, he failed to look up as Hildegarn gather himself and sent a devastating punch to Goku, sending flying to the ground.

"Otou-san!" yelled Goten. Goku landed hard on the ground as Hildegarn landed as from a far.

Trunks, meanwhile, left Tapion at the roof of a faraway building. "Leave it to us from here on, okay? Onii-chan, don't you move from here." Trunks then floated towards the action.

"Trunks!" Tapion yelled at Trunks, trying to stop him from fighting against such a monster. Trunks turned around and gave Tapion the thumbs up, confident that he and the gang will stop Hildegarn and his rampage.

Gohan and Goten landed next to Goku as he did a somersault from the ground, landing softly. "We ain't letting you have your way!" Goku cried out as he transformed into a Super Saiyan 2 while Goten transformed into a Super Saiyan and Gohan in his Mystic form. Negi and the girls looked in awe at the display of power that the Son family was emitting. It was incredible!

The three Sons jumped into the air and tried to attack the monster Hildegarn. The beast made an attack with an arm swipe but all three of them avoided it. Gohan sent a kick to the beast. However, Hildegarn once again transformed into smoke, making it hard to hit it. "His power and speed have risen to a whole new level!" Gohan said.

Hildegarn gathered itself again but at a different part of the city. Goku charged up a Kamehame-Ha wave and lashed his arms out as he sent the beam to the monster. But once again, Hildegarn disappeared into smoke as the attack went through it and hit a distant mountain, causing a large explosion. All three Sons looked around for Hildegarn. Gohan then felt his ki, as he turned around to see Hildegarn right behind Son Goku. "Dad!" Gohan cried out, but it was too late.

Hildegarn sent a devastating arm attack at Goku, sending him flying and into the Capsule Corporation building. A large pile of rocks fell on top of him. Luckily, Negi and the girls were there to help him out as they lifted the Saiyan out of the pile. Goku shook his head and brought back his golden aura. Electricity crackled around him as he jumped into the air and back where Gohan was trying to land a hit on Hildegarn.

As Goku approached, Gohan kept on sending everything he had but to no avail. Hildegarn was quick to disappear into smoke, thus rendering Gohan's attacks useless. "I can't get a reading on his solid form!" Gohan said. Then suddenly, Hildegarn's hand appeared and grabbed Gohan hard, causing him to yell out in pain.

"Gohan/-san/-kun/-sensei!" yelled Negi, Asuna, Konoka, Kazumi and Setsuna. Setsuna, Asuna and Negi mobilized and got out of the Capsule Corporation building. They were about to help out Gohan but were stopped when a giant ki ball hit Hildegarn's hand, releasing Gohan. The monster turned its head and its red eyes towards the spot where the ki ball came from.

"Smash up another man's house, will you?" said a voice. Everyone looked up to see Vegeta, the Prince of the Saiyans. He was dressed in a dark blue body suit with no sleeves. He also wore the same white gloves and boots as Gohan's disguise. "I am in a foul mood today! Don't come too close, or you'll get burned!" With one swift motion of his arms, Vegeta had transformed into a Super Saiyan 2, destroying the area on which he was standing on.

His golden aura blazing around him, Vegeta approached the monster, avoiding the punches and kicks from the giant beast. Vegeta then went for the punch but Hildegarn disappeared again. Vegeta looked around, but couldn't find it. Then he turned around and blocked an incoming slice from Hildegarn. He pushed the hand off but another one came in, sending him flying towards the ground. Luckily, before he hit the ground, Vegeta stopped himself in mid-air and dashed towards Hildegarn. He charged up a giant ki ball in both his hands as he put them up and sent the ball down towards Hildegarn. The ki ball hit its target as a large explosion occurred. Vegeta smiled, thinking that he got a hit on the beast when Goku couldn't. However his victory was short lived when Hildegarn appeared right behind him!

Vegeta turned around and saw the beast. He tried to attack it but it was too late as Hildegarn hit Vegeta hard with its tail. Vegeta was sent flying and ran into a nearby office building where there were people still working. He went through the window and skidded across the floor. The people inside were scared, especially when seeing a flying man go through the window and attacked by a giant monster.

Hildegarn opened its mouth to let out a flamethrower attack at the building. Vegeta got up and saw the attack coming. Usually he would avoid the blast, but he noticed that there were people here. Vegeta clenched his teeth. "Dammit!" He put his arms and formed a ki shield at the entrance of the hole that he made when he went through the window. The flamethrower attack hit the shield straight on. However, because of the force behind the blast was powerful, the innocent people flew backwards and into the wall while Vegeta remain still. After the attack was over, Vegeta fell to one knee, his eyes heavy. "I was too easy…on him…" Vegeta then landed on the floor with a thud and passed out.

"Vegeta!" Goku screamed out as he floated in front of the hole of the building. He was about to help out Vegeta before Hildegarn appeared behind and used its two hands to smash Goku like sandwich. Goku let out a cry of pain.

"Papa!" Trunks yelled.

"Otou-san!" Goten added as the two of them saw Goku fall to the ground.

Trunks clenched his teeth. He turned to Goten. "Goten, Fusion!" Trunks yelled as he transformed into a Super Saiyan. Goten nodded in agreement as they took six paces apart from each other and stood side by side.

"Fusion?" Asuna said. "What the hell are they talking about?"

"They are going to fuse and become one powerful warrior," Bulma stated.

"Become one?" Setsuna asked curiously.

Bulma nodded. "That right. The fusion requires a dance step that each other person have to mimic as if they were staring at a mirror. It is a very powerful technique that only the boys use to defeat such an enemy."

"I see," Setsuna said.

"Fusion…" Negi muttered. All of them looked up to see Goten and Trunks preparing to do something.

"All right…" Trunks and Goten held their arms out so their arm pointed away from each other, palms open and facing forwards.

"Fuuuu..." Goten and Trunks said as they shuffled their feet sideways towards each other, taking three steps. While they shuffling were their feet, Goten and Trunks each swung both arms over their head, making the two sets of arms point to each other. "sion..." Goten and Trunks then swung their arms across their body, turning them so their palm faced the floor and closing their fists. At the same time, they brought their outer leg up so it is at a right angle, with their shin facing each other and their foot level with their knee.

Finally, they finished the dance as they leaned their torso over so it was slanted towards each other. They brought their arms up over their head so they point "upwards" (in relation to themselves) with their index fingers out and their outer legs fully extended. "HA!" Both of them yelled as the fingers touched each other's.

A bright light engulfed the demi-saiyan duo, causing Negi and the girls to cover up their eyes. Once the light subsided, they opened their eyes and gaped at the sight. Goten and Trunks had fused together. Instead there being two, there was one! "Yay! Super Saiyan 3, right out of the gate!" yelled the newly fused Gotenks with his Super Saiyan 3 transformation.

"Incredible…" Negi and the girls said. Gotenks was completely different in appearance. Gotenks wore a blue and yellow colored vest. Around his waist was a blue/green sash. He also wore white silky pants, dark shoes, and black wristbands. His body, noted Negi and the girls, was very toned and muscular, especially for someone of the age of Goten and Trunks. However, that wasn't the only thing that caught their awe. It was their transformation into a Super Saiyan 3!

Gotenks had the usual yellow, blonde color that was common among Super Saiyans, but the most interesting thing was that the hair wasn't standing up, but instead it had grown down to Gotenk's waist. His eyebrows had completely vanished, making his forehead and eye ridges appear larger and revealed a more prominent brow ridge. If they had met the normal state Gotenks, they would have noticed that a small increase in muscle mass that would be evident, and the muscle tone was sharply defined. Energy that Gotenks was radiating was incredible. The bio-electricity surrounding Gotenks, like that of Gohan's Super Saiyan 2 transformation, was constant as well.

"S-So this is fusion," commented an awed Asuna.

"Incredible," added Setsuna as all of them stared at Gotenks and his amazing display of power and energy.

Meanwhile, though, Hildegarn paid no attention to the fusion as it went out to attack more people and absorb their energy. As Hildegarn lashed its tail into the building, Gotenks floated behind the giant monster. "Yo, yo, monster! You're finished now! Gotenks-sama is going to send you off to Yama-sama's place!"

Hildegarn was insulted. He tried to attack Gotenks but to no avail as the newly fused being avoided each blow. Hildegarn was getting angry since Gotenks kept on making funny faces at the giant beast. Gotenks then spanked his butt in front of Hildegarn, causing the monster to let out a roar. He chased Gotenks all across the city until finally, Hildegarn ran into a standing metal tower that was well known in Metro West. Gotenks decided to take the opportunity and attack. "Now! Continuous Die-Die Missiles!" yelled Gotenks as he shot out a barrage of yellow colored ki blasts at Hildegarn. Explosion occurred one after the other.

After a few rounds of firing, Gotenks stopped. Once the smoke cleared, Hildegarn had changed into a different color, but Gotenks paid no attention to it. He floated before Hildegarn's face and knocked on it, making sure if it was alive. "Hm? Finished already? Aw, that was disappointing."

"What are you doing? Hurry and finish him off!" Goku yelled as he and Gohan floated above in the sky.

"Okay, okay…" Gotenks replied as he floated up into the air and sent out a large ki ball at Hildegarn. But upon impact, something was happening to Hildegarn's body. A green light started to emit from the body as the skin split open revealing a new transformation. This caused a few heads to turn and gape at the sight.

"N-No way!" Asuna and Setsuna both said. Negi was speechless and so was Gotenks as new form of Hildegarn stepped out. This form was slightly smaller in size and developed a far more insect-like appearance, compared to its original demonic form. It appeared to have form an exoskeleton, that was primarily yellow in color, with a deep-brown breastplate, a much lighter-shaded ribcage with visibly-segmented portions, a black, segmented tail with a sharp barb at the end, a pair of black horns growing backwards from the head, and "domes" of lined-skin, with the portions being purple on the body and red on the head.

"I-It can't be…!" said a shocked Gohan. The new Hildegarn stepped out of its cocoon and let out a loud roar to let everyone know that it was still alive and kicking.

"You're kidding!" Gotenks said. Hildegarn then turned around and faced the shocked Gotenks. It opened up its wings and dashed towards Gotenks's position. Because of the increased speed, Gotenks was caught off guard and was hit hard by one of the newly transformed Hildegarn's punches. As a result of the powerful blow, Gotenks was sent flying to the ground and upon impact, the fusion ceased to be as Goten and Trunks were split. They were badly hurt.

"Goten! Trunks!" yelled Gohan as he floated near their position. However, he failed to notice Hildegarn come behind him. Gohan tried to attack but was immediately wrapped and squeezed hard by Hildegarn's tail. Gohan let out a loud cry of pain.

"Gohan/-san/-sesnei/-kun!" yelled Negi and the girls all together. Konoka started to run ahead of everyone else but was stopped by Negi and the others.

"Negi-kun, why are you stopping me?" Konoka asked.

"Konoka-san, please hide somewhere, it is not safe for you," Negi said.

"You are not a warrior Konoka-ojou-sama," Setsuna added.

"You will definitely get hurt," Asuna added as well.

"But I…"

"Konoka, you can help out by being there to heal us okay?" Asuna said.

Konoka nodded. "Right!"

"You too Asakura-san, stay here!" Negi ordered.

Kazumi hesitated a bit in answering. Obviously, she wanted to go help Gohan. However, she didn't have any artifacts or any special abilities that could anyway help Gohan and the others. She resigned herself and gave Negi a thumbs up. A grin was on her face. "No problem, Negi-kun."

"Come on you guys, Gohan-sensei needs our help!" Setsuna screamed. Negi and Asuna nodded as the three of them went towards Hildegarn's position. Even though the monster was clearly out of their league, they needed to help out Gohan and save him from being squeezed to death.

Gohan continued to cry out in pain. He tried to move either one of his arms so he could blast Hildegarn and escape. However, it was no use. Its tail was wrapped around him tightly, not leaving any spaces to move. Gohan clenched his teeth. This was not the way he was going to be killed. As Hildegarn proceeded to give the final blow, a loud chant was heard. "Shinmei-ryu Secret Technique: SHIN RAIKOKEN!" A large lightning blade appeared above Hildegarn and was about to hit him. But the monster knew the attack was coming as it disappeared into smoke, but not without letting Gohan go of its grip.

Gohan fell to the ground on all fours. He looked up and saw Setsuna, Negi and Asuna all rushing past him to attack Hildegarn. Gohan turned wide-eyed in worry. "S-Stop you guys!"

Negi stood before Hildegarn and began to chant a spell while Setsuna, who had let her white angel wings out, was in the sky, preparing for an attack. Lightning began to appear on the blade as Setsuna began to collect a large amount of ki in her blade. "Shinmei-ryu Secret Technique: KYOKUDAI RAIMEIKEN!" yelled Setsuna as she let out a powerful and large attack, slashing at Hildegarn. The attack hit its target and a large explosion occurred, causing Gohan to cover up his eyes. Setsuna smirked, thinking that she had hit the giant monster. She was wrong.

The smoke cleared to reveal no Hildegarn. Setsuna turned wide-eyed in shock. No monster or demon could have survived that attack. She glanced everywhere to look for the monster. Gohan looked around as well until he finally spotted it right above Setsuna. Gohan tried to call her out but it was too late. The giant monster came crashing down, punching Setsuna hard and into the ground, causing a large crater to form.

"Setsuna-san!" Gohan cried as he tried to get up but was having trouble. Kuso! Gohan screamed to himself. Get up! Get up!

Then someone suddenly appeared before Gohan, causing him to look up. This time it was Negi, who had just finished preparing his attack spell. He put his staff out in front of him. Gohan clenched his fists and teeth in anger. "Stop! Negi-san!" Gohan yelled but it was too late.

"Ras tel Ma Scir Magister VENIANT SPIRITUS AERIALES FULGURIENTS! CUM FULGURATIONE FLET TEMPESTAS AUSTRINA JOVIS TEMPESTAS FULGURIENS!" Negi chanted as a very large and massive storm of destructive energy was unleashed from his staff. The magic attack headed directly at Hildegarn's position. The monster turned its head and saw the attack coming, however it didn't move as the attack hit its target. A large explosion occurred. Negi smiled, thinking that he had defeated the giant monster, but Gohan knew better. Hildegarn wouldn't be defeated by such a blast and right he was.

The giant monster, Hildegarn, appeared behind the unsuspecting Negi Springfield and unleashed another powerful flamethrower attack. Negi turned around and saw the attack at the last minute. He tried to move out of the way but it was too late. The attack was so powerful that Negi was hit as the attack brushed by him. As a result, Negi was sent flying and crashed against the wall of a nearby building.

Gohan gaped. First Setsuna and now Negi! He needed to get up! "Get up!" he muttered. As he tried to get up, he saw Asuna stand in front of him, her artifact at the ready. "Asuna-san, what are you doing?" Gohan asked but Asuna didn't answer. She stood her ground but her legs were shaking. She was terrified but she had to protect Gohan, even if it was the last thing she did!

Asuna let out a war cry and dashed towards Hildegarn. Gohan immediately turned wide-eyed and shouted "STOP ASUNA-SAN!" But his cries were unheard as Asuna jumped into the air and tried to slash Hildegarn or any of its body parts. However, she was unsuccessful as Hildegarn had transformed into smoke the moment that her attack almost hit the giant monster. Asuna was in shock! She had put all her energy into the attack and the monster had avoided it. Now she was left wide open and Hildegarn took advantage as it open its mouth to charge up a flamethrower attack.

Gohan clenched his teeth as he desperately tried to stand up. Then he heard a yell from above. "Shinmei-ryu Secret Technique: MESSATSU ZANKU ZANMASEN!" A giant blast of ki approached Hildegarn's position. Gohan looked up to see it was Setsuna who had sent that attack. She was pretty banged up. Cuts were all over her body and wings as she came sweeping in to save Asuna. She grabbed Asuna by the waist as she tried to fly away to a safer location, hoping that the giant monster Hildegarn wasn't behind them.

Gohan hoped for that as well. However, he knew better when he saw Hildegarn appear behind them. "Please stop," he muttered, clenching his fists. Hildegarn opened its mouth as it unleashed its devastating flamethrower attack on Setsuna and Asuna. Setsuna failed to notice Hildegarn behind them and were hit directly by the attack. They were sent flying and crashed against the same wall that Negi had crashed earlier. "I SAID STOP!" yelled Gohan as a white aura surrounded in the demi-saiyan.

Hildegarn was about to finish Negi, Asuna and Setsun off by sucking away their life energy but then felt the ground shaking. The monster turned around to see Gohan in the distance, white aura blazing around him. His face was full of rage, clenching his teeth and fists. Goku, who was underneath a pile of rubble beforehand, quickly got up and had felt an incredible amount of energy that was emitting from Gohan. He knew what Gohan was trying to do. "No, Gohan don't do it!" He yelled, hoping that his son could hear him. "You are not ready!"

But Gohan didn't listen. Seeing Asuna's unconscious face, as well as that of Setsuna and Negi's, was causing him to do something drastic. Something that he definitely wasn't prepared to do. "HYAAAHHHH!" He yelled a very loud war cry. One that some of the girls that had departed earlier on the train heard. His face was fixated on Hildegarn as the beast started to take an interest in him. "I'M GOING TO KILL YOU, YOU BASTARD! KAIO-KEN!" yelled Gohan as he brought his arms down. A crimson blazing aura appeared around Gohan. Pebbles began to levitate and the nearby buildings began to shake because of the energy emitting from Gohan.

"Stop it Gohan!" Goku yelled, but Gohan didn't listen. He liked this power and he was going to use it to destroy Hildegarn for what he did to Asuna and his friends! Gohan got into his fighting stance and shot up to Hildegarn, leaving behind a destroyed section of the street because of the energy output. Hildegarn attacked the approaching crimson engulfed Gohan with Gohan dodging each blow with ease. Gohan waited for his opportunity to strike. He knew the monster's weakness and was going to take advantage of it.

And the time was now! He shot straight up into the sky and immediately turned in mid-air. He pulled back his right arm to give out a devastating punch to Hildegarn that would surely hurt or possibly kill the giant monster. But as he approached the giant monster Hildegarn, Gohan started to feel something funny in his body, especially in his right arm where he was focusing all of his power in. Sounds of something tearing were heard all across the area, which caused Negi to open one of his eye lids to see Gohan in his Kaio-ken transformation.

Negi opened both of his eyes at the sound of something tearing that sounded very familiar to him. Then he realized what it was. It was the muscles that were being torn! Gohan was tearing up his own muscles as he went for the attack. Negi was about to scream out for Gohan to stop but the way that Gohan's face was being expressed in pain, Negi knew that Gohan knew what was happening to his body. And he did. Gohan immediately recognized that his muscles were being torn apart the moment he felt something funny in his arm. His Kaio-ken technique was incomplete! This was bad! However, that didn't matter to Gohan right now. All that matter to him was to beat the living shit out of Hildegarn for hurting Asuna and his friends!

Gohan let out a loud war cry as he approached Hildegarn. He sent forward his right arm with all of his strength as that was the place where most of the tearing was occurring at. He hoped that he would put a dent on the giant monster. However, it didn't happen as Hildegarn once again transformed into smoke and disappeared, catching Gohan off guard. Gohan cursed himself as a devastating tail swipe hit hard, sending him flying towards the same building where Asuna, Setsuna, and Negi were.

"Gohan-kun!" Konoka screamed as she rushed over when Gohan immediately crashed against the wall of the building, causing a small crater and having rubble surround him.

Gohan, with the last remaining strength in his body, tried to get up but couldn't. "Asuna-san…" was the last thing he said before passing out. The giant monster Hildegarn let out another loud roar, victorious over Gohan.

However, one person would say differently as debris began to float. Then more giant pieces of debris from the broken parts of the building were lifted up, along with one angry Son Goku, who was still in his Super Saiyan 2 transformation. "What incredible power! He really is a monster!" Goku said sternly. Not even Gohan could put a dent in him, Goku said to himself. "Dammit!" Goku dashed towards Hildegarn's position.

As Goku approached Hildegarn, the giant monster spat out his flamethrower attack at the incoming Saiyan. Goku was able to avoid the attack as he tried to go behind the giant monster and give it a hard kick. However, as soon as Goku's kick approached, Hildegarn transformed into smoke once again! Then it gave clawed attack on Goku, sending flying a few meters in the air. Goku was able to stop himself and looked around for the monster since Hildegarn had once again transformed into smoke. He then felt a tug in the air and looked behind to see a tail attack coming at him. Goku was unable to block the attack as he was sent flying again and then stopped by another clawed attack from Hildegarn. Goku stopped himself in mid-air and turned around to see Hildegarn's face in front of him. He put his hand out to send a large ki blast towards the beast, but it was too late. "Oh crap!" Goku said as the giant monster Hildegarn gave a clawed attack from behind, grabbing the Saiyan and smashing him into the ground. As a result of the powerful attack, the surrounding area caved in.

People started to panic and run away from the giant monster Hildegarn as it set out to absorb more life energy. Underneath some of the rubble, Goku struggled to get up as he looked out from the small hole at the destruction that Hildegarn was casuing. "All of our attacks are going right through him!" He pushed off the pile that was on top and swaggered around. He went against a broken piece of a wall to use as support as he tried to walk towards Hildegarn. "Damn…No matter how much power we have…it's no use against him…" Goku then fell onto the ground, unable to get up anymore as he passes out.

A loud evil laugh was booming across the city. "HAHAHAHAHAHA!" It was Hoi and he was enjoying every bit of destruction that Hildegarn was causing. "Destroy the entire universe! It will all become power for you, Hildegarn!" Hoi said loudly. However, his moment of triumph was cut short when he heard an all too familiar melody.

It was the music box melody, booming across the city. And it was being played by Tapion! Everyone was passed out. Goten and Setsuna were knocked out cold. Vegeta was being held up by the business people from the building that he had saved earlier. Goku was out cold and so was Gohan. Negi couldn't move but he was able to see Konoka go up the pile towards Gohan.

Asuna meanwhile, tried to get up to see if Gohan was alright. She wasn't able to."If this is a bad dream, then wake up…" was the last thing she said before passing out.

Konoka, meanwhile, finished climbing up the rumble to help up Gohan. "Gohan-kun!" she said as she pushed off the rubble and debris that was on top of Gohan. A little bit of magic escaped from her fingertips, restoring some energy to Gohan.

"Ko-Konaka-san…" Gohan said, catching Konoka's surprise and attention.

"Gohan-kun! Thank goodness you are alright," Konoka said with tears in her eyes. "I thought that I lost you and the others. I'll get you healed."

"N-No Konoka-san, don't," Gohan said with all his might. "Heal my Dad."

"Huh? But Gohan-kun, you're heavily hurt!" Konoka protested.

"Listen to me Konoka-san, Dad is the only one who can beat this monster," Gohan stated. "You have to heal him!" Konoka pondered for a bit, trying to see if she should first heal Gohan or Goku. But after much thinking and with Gohan's persuasion, she nodded in agreement. But first she helped Gohan off from the crater and brought him down to the street. She then laid Gohan against the wall and went off to help heal Goku.

Meanwhile, Tapion continued to play his melody on the ocarina. At the sound of the melody playing, Trunks opened his eyes. "Onii-chan…!" He said as he got up.

Hildegarn let out a loud roar in protest to the song. "You fool! You think that thing is going to work at this point?" Hoi said as he ordered Hildegarn to attack Tapion. The giant monster Hildegarn approached Tapion who was on top of building. The monster opened its mouth and spat out its flamethrower attack. The attack seemed to have hit its target except…Tapion was being protected by an energy shield that surrounded him as the area around was destroyed. "What?" yelled a shocked Hoi as he turned wide-eyed at the scene.

Trunks ran up to where the commotion was occurring and saw Tapion playing his ocarina in front of the giant monster confidently and heroically. The monster stepped backwards as it spit out some bile due to the strain of hearing the melody played on the ocarina. Tapion floated before the monster and kept on playing. "A hero…Onii-chan is a hero, all right!" Trunks commented with a smile on his face.

I cannot allow this planet to get caught in the middle of this, too, Tapion said to himself as he continued to play the melody right in front of the giant monster Hildegarn. Hildegarn kept on retreating until it was corner by a standing building. How much longer will you feed on the suffering of others like this, until you've had enough? Hildegarn jerked around as it tried to avoid the music but it was too late. The giant monster began to break down into tiny particles and was transported inside of Tapion's body.

"Impossible!" said a shocked Hoi. He couldn't believe it! The ocarina should have been rendered useless. How does Tapion have the strength to do this?

Once all the particles of the being Hildegarn were inside Tapion, Tapion stopped playing and landed on the ground with a thud. "You did it!" Trunks yelled as he came rushing in to congratulate his Onii-chan. "You did it, Onii-chan!"

Tapion stood up but was having trouble doing so. He panted heavily as got down on his knees and took out his sword, the handle in front of Trunks's face. "Trunks…kill me, and Hildegarn with me!"

"Eh?" sounded a shocked Trunks. He turned wide-eyed. What did Tapion say?

"You have to protect Earth!" Tapion said.

"I-I can't do that!" Trunks protested with all his might.

"Kill me! You want to be a hero too, don't you?" yelled angrily Tapion.

Trunks shook his head and tears started to come out. "I-I can't!" He cried.

"Trunks, if this keeps up, Earth will be destroyed," said Tapion. "Please, let me die as a hero! If he is revived one more time, there will be no stopping him. Please!"

Trunks looked at Tapion for a few seconds, making sure what he heard was real. He clenched his teeth and fists in frustration. This was not happening! It couldn't be happening! This can't be happening! Trunks said to himself. He had finally found an older brother, someone that he could look up to. Someone like Gohan. But he knew better. Hildegarn needed to be stopped. If not, the whole universe will be destroyed. Trunks knew that sometimes, in order to save the world, sacrifices must be made. He took the sword from Tapion's hand. He coldly looked at the sword, tears in his eyes.

Tapion smiled, knowing that death was coming. "Thank you. I'm glad to have met you." Trunks's eyes then turned to those of determination. He lifted the sword, ready to strike down Tapion, the person he considered as his older brother.

Hoi couldn't believe it. This wasn't happening! "S-Stop!" He yelled as he dashed towards Tapion and Trunks's position.

A few seconds passed. Tapion had a smile on his face as he approached death with a happy face. Trunks started to hesitate in striking down Tapion. Then something happened that caught Trunks's and Hoi's eye. Tapion started to wince in pain. "Onii-chan!" yelled Trunks as he dropped the sword and tried to help his brother. Hoi landed a few meters away from Tapion as he watched the inevitable happen. Hildegarn was being released once again!

Tapion screamed out in pain as the particles of Hildegarn began to depart from him and form anew behind him and Hoi. And what's worse is that the ocarina that once was able to trap Hildegarn had now been destroyed.

"Fool! You do not have the power to contain Hildegarn in his complete form!" Hoi yelled as Hildegarn began to assemble behind him. Trunks could only look in horror. Hildegarn let out a loud roar. Nothing could stop it now!

"Get them!" Hoi pointed. However, a shadow loomed over him. And as he looked up he saw that the shadow was coming from Hildegarn's giant foot. "WAHH!" Hoi tried all he could to stop the foot from pounding him, but it was too late. The amount weight that the foot had carried was too much to handle for Hoi as he got smashed into the pavement by Hildegarn.

Trunks stepped in front of Tapion, who was still reeling from the pain of Hildegarn's release. Then everyone's attention was focused on a loud war cry coming from the distance. "RAAAAGHHHH!" screamed the figure as the buildings around him started to collapse. Trunks's eyes zoomed in on the figure and immediately recognized it as Son Goku. And this time, Goku was different. Goku had transformed into a Super Saiyan 3! He had the similar appearance to that of Gotenks had earlier except for one lock that was across his face. His eyes were different than the regular Super Saiyan as they had acquired dark green pupils. "There's no way you're going to get away with this!" Goku said sternly.

The monster Hildegarn roared as it went to attack the Super Saiyan 3 Goku. Goku avoided the arm swing coming from Hildegarn. Trunks then took this opportunity to attack as he grabbed Tapion's sword and jumped into the air. He swung the sword downward, cutting off a major part of Hildegarn's tail. Hildegarn spat out some green blood as it was left shocked that something or someone could actually hit it. Trunks was about to attack again, but was stopped by Goku. "Trunks, stay out of this! I'm going to defeat him!" Goku yelled.

"Dad! His weakness is…!" Gohan yelled weakly from the ground as he had started to be healed by Konoka.

"I know!" Goku responded as he faced Hildegarn head on. I can only beat him during the instant he becomes solid as he attacks! Goku said to himself as he stared at the beast Hildegarn.

Goku then proceeded to jump in front of the giant monster as it swung its arm at Goku, hitting the Super Saiyan 3. Goku floated in the air for a bit, but instead of being in pain, he let out a confident grin. "That won't work," Goku said tauntingly. Hildegarn then went with a straight punch at Goku. However the Super Saiyan 3 blocked the incoming punch. "This sort of punch won't work! Fight like you mean it!" Hildegarn was getting pissed and irritated. "Hey, what's the matter? Come and get me!" Goku said tauntingly.

That was the last straw. Hildegarn had enough and was angry, very angry. It pulled back its right fist as it put a lot of power behind it. Goku blocked the punch but because the amount of force that was behind the punch, he was hurt and the buildings behind him were destroyed. "If I don't do it…" Goku said as he tried to push the giant fist of Hildegarn. However another punch came in, knocking Goku back. "If I don't do it…" He said as he floated down to the ground and stared at the giant monster Hildegarn. "If I don't do it," Goku said as Hildegarn prepared for another punch, "…who will?"

With that, Goku took his moment to strike. As the fist approached, Goku smirked as he jumped up very fast and avoided the punch easily. He pulled back his arm and made a straight fist. "RYU-KEN!" Goku said loudly as he made a straight fist face at the enemy. The energy that was stored in his fist exploded, causing the energy to come out into the form of an enormous golden dragon which bore a great resemblance to Shen Long. Hildegarn could only watch with horror as the golden eastern dragon went through its stomach. The area around the monster began to be destroyed and covered up with the dragon's body as the dragon took hold of Hildegarn. Then a bright light exploded, destroying Hildegarn once and for all.

The light subsided, revealing a bright blue sky as the dark clouds began to disappear. Goku stood in the middle of the shining bright rays emitting from the sun.

"You did it!" Trunks yelled happily. Tapion smiled as well. It was finally over.



* * *



A few minutes later…

"It's my fault that so many people were made to die," Tapion said as everyone stood in what was remaining of the Capsule Corporation building. Everyone had mostly recovered from their injuries. "If only I had been able to fully control Hildegarn…"

"Don't worry," Goku said. "We'll ask Shen Long to bring those who were killed back to life."

"There," Bulma said as she had just finished the preparations for the use of Time Machine, a similar one that Mirai Trunks used to have before. "Now you should be able to go back a thousand years, to your time."

Tapion nodded. "T-Thanks." Bulma gave him the thumbs up as she landed on the ground softly.

"Aww," pouted Trunks, "and here I had finally gotten an Onii-chan."

"As long as we have the time machine, you can see him again," Bulma said.

"Oh, that's right!" Trunks beamed.

"Trunks!" Tapion yelled, diverting everyone's attention to him. As they looked up, Tapion threw the sword that he had carried at Trunks.

"Eh?" Trunks was caught by surprise as he stumbled on catching the sword. He blinked a few times, unsure if it was really meant for him. "You're giving it to me?"

"Yeah," Tapion replied with a smile. "I don't need it anymore, after all."

"All right! Yay! Yay!" Trunks beamed. This was coolest present ever.

"How cool!" Goten said.

"Okay then, everyone, take care!" Tapion said as he closed the hatch on the time machine and lifted off into the sky. Everyone turned around to see off the time machine go while Trunks ran up to the tallest place as he put the scabbard on his back and stared to the sky. Everyone smiled at the scene.

"Aww, I wish I could have used that time machine," pouted Asuna.

"Why is that Asuna-san?" Negi asked.

"I wanted to go back to the American prohibition era," Asuna said with sparkles in her eyes. Everyone facefaulted.

"Well, no wonder, because there were a bunch of old men there," Konoka stated causing a few sweat-drops. "By the way, Gohan-kun, how are your injuries?"

Gohan flinched. "Much better, thanks for asking Konoka-san," Gohan replied with his Son grin. Konoka blushed a bit and smiled. She was happy to be at service for Gohan and hoped that Gohan would thank her for her help with some sort of reward. Perhaps a date? She will have to wait and see.

However, Gohan had other things in mind. He definitely need to get some training done especially with the Kaio-ken, but more so than that, he was going to have to ask for help about the pactio. If he knew about what the pactio entailed, then maybe he could have helped out better against Hildegarn. "All right! Are you guys ready to leave?" Goku asked, drawing a few curious looks at Goku.

"Goku-san, the trains have been delayed indefinitely," Setsuna commented. "How are we going to leave when we have no mode of transportation?"

Gohan chuckled. "What is so funny Gohan?" exclaimed Asuna.

"Nothing," Gohan replied. "I'm pretty you must have noticed that we don't usually use modes of transportation other than flying."

"Yeah but you guys are the only ones that can fly, while me and Konoka can't," retored Asuna.

"Well, with Instantaneous Movement, we can go anywhere," Goku said with his Son grin.

"Instantaneous Movement?" Negi and the girls asked.

"Just grab hold of my hand," Gohan said as he put out his hand for someone to grab. Asuna and Setsuna pondered if they should take Gohan's hand, but their decision was taken from them when Konoka pounced on the chance and grabbed his hand. Gohan blushed a bit due to the aggressiveness that Konoka showed on grabbing his hand. Asuna and Setsuna silently and jealously glared at Konoka for taking Gohan's hand. Negi, in the meantime, was a bit confused at what was going on as Asuna grabbed hold of his hand.

"Don't let go of me you squirt," Asuna said. Negi smiled and nodded in agreement. Chamo grabbed tightly on Negi's shoulder as everyone grabbed hold each other except for Goten, Trunks and Bulma. "So what now?"

"Now," Goku said as he placed his index and middle fingers on his forehead, "let's see if we can find Mahora Academy." More specifically to Gohan's room.

"Goodbye Onii-chan!" waved Goten. "Goodbye Negi-kun!"

"Yeah see ya Negi-kun!" Trunks waved. Negi tear up a bit, sad in saying goodbye to his new friends. He then got a pat on the shoulder from Gohan, who had his Son grin on his face.

"Don't worry Negi-san," Gohan said. "You will see them again soon. I promise." Negi nodded.

"All right, got it," Goku said. "See you guys later!"

"Bye!" And with that the group disappeared, leaving behind Trunks, Goten, Bulma and Vegeta who was in the distance looking on. All of them went back inside, ready to start on helping reconstruct their house as well as Metro West since they were going to wait a while for the Dragon Balls to appear again.



* * *



Meanwhile, above on the cliffs, a mysterious figure stood before partially destroyed Metro West. This figure had a black trench coat and black cowboy hat. And beside him was a pool of slime. The figure grinned. "I think our trip is done here. It's time we paid a visit to Negi-kun. But first, a visit to the underworld," muttered the figure, showing off his demonic right eye.



* * *



Author's note: OH NO! Another cliffhanger! Hehehehehe. I'm sure you guys will be able to recognize who this mysterious figure is. If not, read the Negima manga. But anyways, I hope you guys enjoyed reading the Hildegarn arc. I tried to stay as close as to the canon movie as possible. However, like all crossovers, I had to do some changes here and there especially having Negi and the gang fight off against Hildegarn. Oh and by the way, Setsuna's attacks are from cannon. There is a website that lists all the attacks. I'll post it up later in my profile page.

Glossary time:

Ryu-ken: A move that Goku created himself and has only been seen once in DBZ. It is also known as the Dragon Fist Assault in the American dub.

Instantaneous Movement: Goku's signature move for going to places. It is also known as Instant Transmission technique in the American dub.

Hope you guys enjoyed reading this chapter because the next chapter is going to blow you away. Trust me on this. I was the one who wrote it. Well, see you guys next week! Peace!





*Chapter 18*: Demon TagTeam Attack!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. See Chapter 1 for details.

Author's note: Hey everybody! How is everyone doing? Hope you guys had a good week! I know I did. Hehehe. Anyways, I'm glad that people like the Hildegarn arc. I wanted to stick as close as to the movie as possible. It is one of my favorite DBZ movies among other ones as well.

By the way, what happened to all my reviews? Keep them coming! Even though maybe you wrote only one, I welcome more! Please send more! I enjoy reading them and some of them are quite good. They give me energy and it helps me realize how many people like this story and how my work is being appreciated!

I want to thank naioka1992 for being an awesome beta for me and this series. She has been extremely helpful and I couldn't have asked for a better beta. Thank you! So let me present to everyone chapter 18 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 18: Demon Tag-Team Attack! Power of the Super Saiyan Warrior!

At an unknown location…

Two days after what had happened with the battle against Hildegarn in Metro West, Negi went ahead and started his training with Evangeline, Dark Mage Vampire. In a large area that stood amidst of a blue ocean, two of them were running across the floor, one trying to hit the other. Well, mostly Eva as she sent demonic punches and kicks at the young teacher. Negi avoided the first few successfully but then was sent flying by a kick from Eva.

Negi skidded across the floor. As he got up, Chachamaru and Chachazero appeared right in front of him. Negi would usually be surprised by this development, but he stood firm as he held his staff tightly. He began chant a spell. "Ras tel Ma Scir Magister FLANS PARIES AERIALIS!" A magic shield enveloped around him, stopping both Chachamaru and Zero's attack. However, within a second, Chachamaru got through the shield and slammed Negi's face onto the ground.

Negi lifted his head slightly before seeing Zero coming in with a rather large knife in her hand. Negi avoided the blade in time. It was a very close shave. But as Chachamaru let go of his head, Negi felt another pressure on him instead. He looked up with his eyes and saw Eva slamming her foot on his head. "12 seconds – is that all? It's 3-to-1 sure, but at least last a minute! You'll never stand a chance against that white-haired punk or even to that dark haired assistant at this rate!"

Negi tried to respond back, but couldn't when Eva kicked into the sky. "Further…" she said before jumping into the air and palming hard to Negi's chest, "if you're hoping for pity...THINK AGAIN!" Eva yelled before sending Negi hard towards the ground.

Eva then dashed towards the falling Negi, chanting a spell attack. "Lic Lac La Lac Lilac KENOTETOS ASTRAPASTO DE TEMETO! DIOS TUKOS!" Out of her hand using a downward-sweeping motion, came a massive electrical attack that squarely hit Negi. Negi desperately tried to put up a magic barrier but to no avail. He was creamed as he lay on the floor, sizzling a bit as a result of the attack. "What you just saw? That was a highly efficient lightning-class spell of the high ancients!" Eva said as she landed softly on the ground. "It was also one of the favorite combos of the Thousand Master."

"Wha?" Negi said as he tried to get up.

"Wouldn't hurt for you to remember it," Eva said. "The way you are now, you could sure use it."

"My father…?" Negi muttered.

Of course, Chamo said to himself as he watched the training from a far. She used an un-incanted sagittal magica, followed by a fast-reciting, high ancient magic from the high end of the mid-level spells. Simple, yet effective! Chamo was about to say more before the whole area was rocked hard and started to move around as if there was an earthquake.

Eva clenched her teeth in anger. "Dammit! Could he not destroy this place? I swear, once I am done with you boya, I am going to have a stern talking with him."

"Sorry about him Master," Negi said. "But Go…"

"It doesn't matter and I don't care either way," Eva interrupted. "Once you've recovered, we'll start in on some physical combat for another two hours or so."

"Y-Yes, Master!" Negi said as he sat up.

What? Chamo flinched. More? She's already had him going for a good four hours, now! The time they spend training's getting longer by the day. I mean, I knew it'd be tough, but even I never thought Evangeline's training would be so harsh. Not even Gohan-aniisan is that hard or rough with Aniki. Not that this resort of hers isn't something, itself!

"Ooh," Eva sounded as she started to move around in a daze. Luckily Chachamaru was there to catch her.

"Mistress…" Eva shook off Chachamaru's worry and tried to stand up straight.

"Guess you wore me out a little, boya," Eva said as she staggered over to Negi's position. "I think it's time that I collected from you another installment on your tuition."

"What?" exclaimed Negi. "B-But, after yesterday, I thought that you'd –"

"I haven't even begun," interrupted Eva as she closed up on Negi's face, "to collect what you owe me."



* * *



At the girl's dormitories…

"I'm home" Negi managed to say as he staggered inside.

"Welcome back Negi-kun," Konoka said.

"Welcome back," said Asuna as she was at her desk studying.

"Wow, are you actually studying Asuna-san?" Negi asked in a dazed voice.

"Hey midterms are coming up soon. Gohan's mom is on my neck about them, keeps calling me to see if I am actually studying," Asuna told him.

"W-Well, good luck to you~~~" Negi said as he headed for his futon.

"Negi, are you okay? You can barely stand up," Asuna said with a hint of concern in her voice.

"I-I'm fine. I have to prepare for tomorrow's classes, so…" Negi said as he swayed into the stairs and almost fell asleep before being woken up by Konoka.

"Negi-kun, please!" Konoka said. "Sleep on your futon, not the stairs!" Negi nodded as Konoka helped him up to the futon and put him inside the sheets.

Asuna put a hand on her chin. She pondered on what was going with Negi. She turned to Chamo and asked, "What I don't get is, he's usually only with Eva-chan two, three hours after classes – what's she doing to make him so tired?"

"Actually ane-san it is hard for Aniki okay?" said Chamo which the girl responded to by grabbing his face.

"You look suspicious. You're not hiding anything are you?" Asuna asked.

"I'm not hiding anything," the ermine answered. She watched with curious look on her face as Negi fell asleep in his futon.



* * *



The next morning…

During class, Negi tried his best in giving out his lesson. However he kept on swaying around the room, running into things. He looked dead tired. "I-If you'll read next, Yotsuba-san…" Negi said weakly.

"Doesn't Negi-kun look tired? Usually Gohan-kun helps out in the lessons when that happens," asked Shiina. "And where's Gohan-kun?"

"That's right," Yuna said. "I haven't seen Gohan-kun since the end of the trip to Metro West."

"Did something happen?" Fuka and Makie both asked. Asuna tried to answer their question but the lesson came to a close.

"Th-That's all for today…" Negi said. He bowed before the class. However, as he exited he staggered all over the place and hit the various walls of the classroom.

"Is Negi-sensei alright?" wondered Ayaka worriedly as Asuna looked out the door to watch Negi stagger away.

"There is something definitely weird about getting that way from just two to three hours practice. I'm going to find out what he's up to," Asuna said but found a few classmates behind her.

"Now I get it; Evangeline-san's training?" said Yue with Nodoka, Kazumi, and Ku Fei standing next to her which caught Asuna by surprise.

"So that why he's so tired…" commented Kazumi.

"I noticed because he was staggering at his morning training with me-aru" added Ku Fei.

"Well he just met up with Eva-chan so maybe he and her are doing top secret stuff I can't talk about loudly about," suggested Kazumi imagining Negi and Eva with a big Censored sticker over the top.

"Now you hold it right there!" yelled Asuna incredulously before she heard Konoka calling.

"Asuna! We're coming too!" yelled Konoka with a trailing Setsuna.

This surprised Asuna ever so slightly. "Erk! Not more people?" As they followed Eva and Negi, it started to rain. "C'mon, how am I gonna tail him when you all are next to me?" muttured Asuna.

Eventually they ended up outside Eva's cottage. "Oh they're going inside Eva-chan's house!" Konoka noted.

"Are they going inside to train because of the rain?" Yue asked.

"No way! It's too small in there," Asuna pointed out as the group began to get closer.

When they got inside the cottage, they found that there was no one there. "This is weird; I'm sure those two entered the house," muttered Asuna confused as she and the other girls checked and looked around the cottage.

"No one in the bath or toilet either-aru," Ku Fei stated.

Nodoka then shouted "E…Everyone this way!"

Asuna turned to the Nodoka, who was on the stairs. "Find something?"

Nodoka nodded. "Umm, in the basement." The girls quickly descended into the basement where a large model villa in a bottle was waiting before them.

"What is this?" wondered Asuna.

"What do you think it is?" Yue asked. "Some kind of building…a miniature tower? Like a ship in a bottle almost," Konoka said.

"It's too detailed for a miniature – is it a hologram?" Kazumi commented. The girls tapped the glass trying to figure it out with the only clue was that the bottle had a label saying Evangeline's resort.

"Just now it seems that Nodoka saw Negi-sensei walking around inside there," Yue told them. "But how is that possible?" Kazumi asked as she unknowingly stepped on a magic seal which lit up her and the others and disappeared. Well, except for Asuna as she continued to inspect the bottle.

"Huh hey guys? Where did you all go?" Asuna asked out loud as she looked from side to side, trying to find her missing friends.



* * *



Meanwhile, outside in the real world…

"I wonder is Negi-sensei is okay," Chizuru said as she walked back to the dorms with Natsumi. "I'm worried about Gohan-kun though."

"I'm sure he is fine," Natsumi said. "Probably had a family emergency to go to."

Chizuru was about to say something in agreement with Natsumi before she noticed something laying in the street. "There's something collapsed in the street Natsumi" she told her friend.

"Collapsed in the street?" she yelled out before spotting it. "I see, a dog. Poor thing."

Chizuru picked up the puppy. "It looks like this little guy is injured," she said.

"Wah-is that the best thing to be doing Chizu-nee?"



* * *



Inside the resort…

"Guys?" Asuna had just suddenly found herself in a different place. "Ah Yue-chan thank goodness!" Asuna said as she spotted Yue.

"You finally got here Asuna?" Yue commented.

"Where did you all go? I was looking for you" Asuna yelled out wondering where the others were.

Ignoring Asuna's rant for a moment, Yue cleared her throat and motioned to Asuna to look around. "Forget that for a moment and take a look around," she told Asuna. Asuna stopped her rant and looked around. She found that she was in a life size version of the model in the bottle.

"WHA…WH-H...WH...WHERE ARE WE!"

"Somehow or another we seem to be in the same place as that miniature we saw before," Yue explained making Asuna groan.

"Uuuh…and I was trying not to be surprised by anything anymore…"

"Come this way Asuna-san," Yue said as she started leading Asuna the way.

"Hey wait a sec why doesn't such a high bridge have any handrails?" Asuna questioned. "I wish this fantasy stuff would give me a break already!"

Yue turned back and looked at Asuna with a smirk. "Is that so? I think these recent fantastic events have got my heart dancing. I feel that my days are far more fulfilled than the boring lessons at school would make them."

"You say that but your knees are shaking like mine," Asuna deadpanned.

"This is called shaking with excitement," Yue defended. "We looked around a bit in the thirty minute period before you arrived," Yue told Asuna which confused her since she was looking for everyone for a minute. She was about the logistics of such a thing before Kazumi called her about hearing voice from underneath.

"Hehe it's all right, right? Just a little more," said the voice of Evangeline as the girls hid round the corner.

"B-But I…I'm just so tired!" protested Negi's voice.

"You'll bounce back – you're young! Take a break, and we'll start again," Eva's voice said.

"No! Please!"

"Hurry and whip it out!

"Evangeline-san, no! We musn't…"

"Heh, heh… I said, call me 'Master'!"

Asuna couldn't take it anymore and came out of the corner. "Hey what the heck are you doing Eva-chan!" she yelled only to find Eva biting down on Negi's arm, which caused her to face-fault.

"What do you people want?" she asked annoyed.

"What do you mean what? What are you doing?" shouted Asuna back.

"I'm just taking a little blood, in exchange for tuition. If I don't regularly recharge my batteries, I wouldn't be able to train the boya properly," explained Eva, making Asuna very embarrassed, crying in anime tears.

Eva let out a sigh. Questions were going to come up so she decided to be the one to answer them. "This is a resort I made a while ago, but haven't used. To train boya, though, I dug it out."

"Wow!" commented Ku Fei. "You must be an awesome mage to make something like this-aru!"

"Really," Eva said. "I gues since you folks came barging in I might as well make one thing clear: this villa is only usable in one-day units, so you people will not be able to get out for one full day."

"WHAT?" exclaimed everyone.

"You mean we can't get out till tomorrow aru?" Ku Fei asked.

"So now you warn us?" added Kazumi.

"But what about tomorrow's classes?" Konoka asked.

A tick mark appeared on Eva's foreword as she was getting angry at the senseless chatter. "Quiet, all of you!" Everyone got quiet as Eva cleared her throat and began to explain. "Listen up, know that 'Urashima Taro' fairytale you have in Japan? This is backward of that. Here, even if you spend an entire day, in outside world, only an hour will have passed. Thanks to this, boya manages to get in a whole day's training, each and every day!"

"What?"

"Does that mean," Konoka asked, "Negi-kun, that after you work a whole day as a teacher, you work another whole day at training?"

"It's not like he'd make much progress squeezing it in between lessons, now is it," commented Eva. Eva was about to say something else but the whole place moved and began to shake.

"An earthquake?" yelled Asuan. "I knew this place wasn't safe!"

"Baka! It's no earthquake!" Eva yelled. "It's because of him."

"Who?" Everyone asked.

"Why don't go over there and see for yourselves," Eva said as she motioned the girls to the spot. The girls walked over to the spot and looked around. However, they were unsure what to look for that is until Nodoka let out a shriek.

"EYAH!" The girls rushed over to Nodoka.

"What is it Nodoka?" asked Yue. Nodoka tried to say something, but the words weren't coming out as she lifted her finger to point. The girls turned their heads and immediately, all of them turned wide-eyed. A huge shockwave of water was spraying everywhere! The ocean was split right down the middle!

"Oh my God," Asuna muttered. Kazumi and Setsuna looked down to where the shockwave started and noticed a figure. The two girls leaned closer and noticed something about the figure. He had standing black hair, wearing a purple dogi with a blue sash around the waist. He wore brown boots and had blue wristbands as well.

"Hey isn't that…" Kazumi said before the figure began to chant something loudly.

"KAME…" The figure brought his cupped hands to the side. "HAME…" A blue orb formed in his hand. "HAAAA!" The figure yelled as he brought his hands forward and shot the blast to the ocean, splitting it again.

"It's Gohan-sensei!" yelled Setsuna with a smile. Everyone turned their heads to where Setsuna was looking at and saw that it was indeed Son Gohan!

"Gohan-kun/-sensei!" Yelled Kazumi, Nodoka, Konoka, and Yue. Asuna stood motionless as she stared in awe at Gohan's power. Then they saw Gohan fall down to the ground with a thud, catching everyone by surprise. Konoka, Setsuna, Kazumi and Asuna all rushed down to help out Gohan. Once they got down to the lower floor, they noticed that Gohan had several cuts and bruises on his body. His clothes were getting torn to almost nothing.

Asuna was about to say something but Konoka stopped her as they all grabbed Gohan and pulled him upstairs and into a spare bedroom that Eva had in her resort.



* * *



Back at the girl's dormitories…

"Chizu-nee was it alright for us to bring this dog with us?" Natsumi asked one of her roommates. "I mean he is a stray."

"There was nothing else I can do after I saw him. I just couldn't leave him there," Chizuru replied while drying her hair from the rain with a towel. "I will go get supplies to clean his wounds. Please wipe him for me."

"Okay. Let me get a towel." Chizuru turned around for a second when, "KYAA!"

"What's wrong Natsumi?"

"Well, I-I-I turned around for a second, th-then the dog disappeared. And now there is this naked boy," Natsumi replied pointing at an ebony haired boy, who was indeed naked.



* * *



Meanwhile, a few minutes later in the resort…

Gohan began to open one of his eyelids. As he opened them, he saw Kazumi, Konoka, Ku Fei, and Setsuna standing over him. Curious as to why they were before him and staring at him, he asked, "Kazumi-san? Setsuna-san? Ku-Fei? Konoka-san? What are you girls doing here?"

"We were about to ask you the same question Gohan!" exclaimed Asuna as she came close to Gohan menacingly, clenching her fists. "What the hell were you doing?"

Gohan didn't respond as he tried to get up, but was having difficulty. Konoka and Kazumi rushed over to his side. "You need to lie down Gohan-kun," Konoka said. "You had very severe injuries. You need to rest."

"No," Gohan responded. "I need to go and train some more." Gohan moved aside Konoka and Kazumi's hands and removed the blankets that were on top of him. He tried to stand up and walk away but was stopped by a hit to the head from Asuna's fan.

"Asuna!" Konoka yelled worriedly.

"Baka! You are heavily injured and no mood to move!" Asuna yelled. Gohan didn't say anything or move at all. She expected Gohan to retort back or say something. Something was wrong. Asuna walked over to Gohan and bent over. "Gohan?"

Then she noticed some blood squirting out from his wound on the head. His eyes were blank and comically 'x' out. "Ah Gohan!" Asuna screamed as the girls came over to cover up the wound.

A few minutes later, Gohan was sitting up on the bed, arms folded. Asuna kept on bowing apologetically. "I'm sorry Gohan, I didn't mean to hit you that hard."

"That's okay Asuna-san," Gohan said with his Son grin. "Thanks to your hit, my mind seems to be a lot clearer now. So thank you Asuna-san." Gohan smiled which caused Asuna to blush.

Yue cleared her throat to get Gohan's attention. "Gohan-sensei, what are you doing here?" she asked.

"Training," Gohan immediately responded.

"Training?" Everyone asked.

"That's right," Eva commented. "The assistant found out about this place through the boya so I let him train inside the villa. Although I didn't expect him to be here for so many days."

"Sorry about that Evangeline-san," Gohan said as he scratched the back of his neck. "I kind of went overboard."

"OVERBOARD?" Asuna yelled. "You are covered in injuries! What the hell were you doing?"

Eva was about to say something but was interrupted by Gohan. "I was trying to master the Kaio-ken technique," Gohan said. Eva looked at Gohan funny.

"The Kaio-whatnow?"

"The Kaio-ken is a technique that was developed by Kaio-sama, ruler of the Northern Galaxy," Gohan explained. "It is a technique that multiplies the user's ki for a 'heart beat', enabling them to inflict serious damage to opponents who are considerably stronger than them."

"And why is it so important to learn it now Gohan-kun?" Kazumi asked. "You are already strong enough."

"No I am not," Gohan said as he clenched his bed sheets with his hands. "I wasn't able to do anything during the battle against Hildegarn." Especially after what happened when Hildegarn hurt Asuna-san, Negi-san and Setsuna-san. "I need to become stronger." Negi knew what Gohan was talking about. After seeing what happened during that battle, he also made a promise with himself to get stronger and not let Gohan have to use such a dangerous technique ever again.

"Hildegarn was a monster! A freak of nature! There is no one in this world that can match you Gohan," Asuna said.

"You're right," Gohan said which caught everyone by surprise. "But I can't for a second let my guard down. There is always someone stronger out there." And after what happened with Majin Boo, I won't be unprepared ever again, Gohan said to himself.

Eva glared at the demi-saiyan. That is partially true, Eva said to herself. But that wasn't the only reason why he came down here to train. He had been practicing that technique for the first few days and then stopped. So why isn't the assistant saying anything about that, the thing that he came here to practice with?

"But how long have you been here Gohan-sensei?" Setsuna asked.

"I guess ever since Negi started to train with Evangeline-san, which was about two days ago," Gohan replied.

The room was silent as the girls began to count how many days they were when inside the resort. Then they came up with their answer when Yue spoke up, exclaiming, "Gohan-sensei, you have been for more than 48 days?"

"I guess so. Why do you ask?" Gohan deadpanned.

"Gohan-kun, did you know that you had to go to work right?" Kazumi mentioned.

Gohan blinked a few times before he started to sweat nervously. "WHAT? Really? It's been that long! I completely lost track of time! I didn't get anything to eat yet!" Everyone face-faulted. Outside, the building left a sweat-drop on the side.

"You just realized that now!" Asuna yelled at Gohan.

"Hehehehehe," grinned the demi-saiyan. "Sorry. I guess I'll go out and get something to eat, since Evangeline-san won't give me any food."

"Of course not assistant!" barked Eva. "With the way that you eat, you would diminish all of my emergency rations stored in this villa."

"Wait, I thought that you couldn't leave for one day-aru?" Ku Fei asked, which surprised most people that she had asked a smart question.

Eva blinked a few times to make sure she heard correctly the words that came out of Ku Fei's mouth. And she wasn't the only one too. Asuna and Setsuna looked at Ku Fei funny, wondering the same thing as well. "Wait Ku Fei, what did you say?" Asuna asked.

"Huh?" Ku Fei stated as she blinked a few times, trying to recollect what she just said. "I'm not sure-aru. What did I say?" Everyone facefaulted once again.

Eva let out an ahem. "Anyways, regarding with what the Chinese dimwit said, the minimum for staying in the resort is one day. After that, you are free to go whenever but after passing the full day. You can't go out in a half day increment."

"I see," Setsuna said.

"So does that mean that Gohan-kun…" Kazumi said.

"Correct," Eva interrupted, irritating Kazumi in the process for interrupting her. "The assistant is about to reach the full day mark, which means that he is free to go."

"That's good then," Gohan spoke out. "That means I will be able to eat then." Gohan got out of bed, with a little help from Konoka and Ku Fei. "Thanks girls," Gohan said with his Son grin, causing the girls to blush a bit. Gohan then fully stood up perfectly and started to walk back to the exit. However, he stopped as he started to get out of the building. "Ah! Negi-san, catch!" Gohan said as he took out something from his pocket and threw at Negi.

Negi caught the object and opened his palm to see what Gohan had given him. Negi looked at the object curiously as he noticed it to be a green bean. Negi was about to ask what the item was but was interrupted by Gohan when he said, "Eat it when you feel exhausted after training okay?" Negi, unsure what Gohan had meant, nodded and smiled as he and some of the girls waved goodbye to him.

Gohan then began anew his walk back to the exit of the resort. As he was walking, he felt a presence coming up to him. He turned around and saw Setsuna running up to him. "Setsuna-san?"

"Gohan-sensei, I, um…" Setsuna's words fumbled before as she tried to get the right words out. She knew what she wanted to say and she had been wanting for a while to say it. "I…um…I…"

"What is it Setsuna-san, is something worng?" Gohan asked worriedly as he walked up to her. He noticed that Setsuna's face was red like a tomato as he approached her. He placed his hand on Setsuna's forehead. "Hmmm, you don't to seem a fever," Gohan said. "Are you okay?"

"I'm fine Gohan-sensei!" Setsuna said as she waved her hands and laughed nervously.

"That's good," Gohan said with a smile. "I wouldn't want you, our very own swordswoman, being sick now."

Setsuna blushed even deeper now. She needed to say it! "Um, Gohan-sensei…I was wondering…" Setsuna said as she fumbled around her words, "if you would…like to have a, um, uh…a date with me sometime in the future?"

Gohan blinked a few times to make he heard right. "Come again Setsuna-san?"

"Would you like to go on a date with me?" Setsuna said bluntly, catching Gohan by surprise a bit. Setsuna closed her eyes as the air around the two of them was quiet. She hoped for the best but somehow, as the seconds of silence went by, she started to fear the worst.

"Ummm, sure," Gohan said. Setsuna opened her eyes and stared at Gohan. She was a bit shocked to say the least. "I would be glad to." Gohan smiled. This will be a great opportunity to get to know more of my students better like with Yuna-san and also as compensation for helping out with Hildegarn, Gohan said to himself. "When do you want to do it?"

"I,um,uh,I,um." Setsuna couldn't find the right words now. She was screaming so happily inside. "I-I'll let you know Gohan-sensei."

"Okay then," Gohan said as he waved goodbye at Setsuna and started to walk towards the exit once again, leaving behind an entranced Setsuna. Once Gohan was gone and out of the resort, Setsuna shook her head, trying to get her mind back on track. She walked back to where everyone else was.

After Gohan had left, Negi and the girls relaxed a bit. However, Negi continued to do some training here and there. As he started to get exhausted, he remembered what Gohan had given him. He stared at the green bean for a while, pondering if he should eat it. He shrugged his shoulder, trusting Gohan's judgment and ate the bean. After chewing on it and then swallowing it, Negi felt an influx of power within his body. All of his exhaustion, and soreness were completely gone, vanished into thin air. Some of his injuries were gone as well. I-Incredible , said a shocked Negi to himself. The bean completely healed me! What kind of food was that?

Negi then felt a slight presence approaching. It was Asuna. Negi let out a sigh. After what happened between him and her, Negi thought it was about to time to tell her the whole story. The story of why he has been searching for his father, the Thousand Master.



* * *



Back at Chizuru's room…

"Just what the heck is this kid?" Ayaka demanded. She was irritated at the ebony haired boy sitting across from her and next to Natsumi. He had crashed into her stomach as she entered the dorm and well, she's been angry since then.

"Oh you see this boy is Natsumi's kid brother, Kotarou-kun," Chizuru replied. Yes this was the same Kotarou that had attacked Negi and the group in Kyoto but the girls didn't have to know that.

"Wha-?" both Natsumi and Kotarou asked at Chizuru said.

"He's you brother rrrrrriiiiiiiiiiggggggghhttt?" Chizuru said looking at the two with scary vibes coming off of her.

"Y-yes!" Natsumi answered giving a mock salute. Kotarou nodded dumbly.

"Oh I didn't know that, sorry about before," Ayaka apologized. "What happened to Natsumi's brother?"

"Well Ayaka you see Natsumi-san's home has some problems of which I can't speak of, and the only person Kotarou-kun could trust was Natsumi-san…" Chizuru lied with fake tears, while Natsumi had and annoyed look on her face.

"Oh my. I guess it can't be helped then," Ayaka said a little unsurely.

"Hey, who is this old lady that keeps yapping?" Kotarou asked Chizuru and Natsumi, while pointing at Ayaka. Ayaka had face faulted and while the other two sweat dropped.

"Why in the world are you calling a fourteen year old young woman, an old lady!" Ayaka shouted as she recovered.

"What? You're fourteen? I swear you look older than you are!" This was met with Ayaka smacking Kotarou on the head, in the very same fashion Asuna does with Negi, albeit much harder. She then pinched his cheeks and began to spread his face.

"T-T-This punk doesn't know how to think before speaking. What type of savage place do you come from!" A tick mark grew on Kotarou's forehead and he reached out doing the same thing to Ayaka.

"What the hell are you doing old lady?"

"See he is as violent as I thought."

Natsumi stopped them by separating them and holding Kotarou. "But look Iincho, Kotarou-kun is just a little kid," Natsumi defended Kotarou.

"That doesn't excuse him for doing anything he wants. He is so different from the little angel kids are supposed to be, like Negi-sensei!"

"Hey Nee-chan that's annoying!" Kotarou shouted.

"Anyway get him out of here, this is a girl's dorm after all," and with that Ayaka went into her room.

"That was surprising I never would have thought Ayaka would have that type of reaction to him," Chizuru stated with a finger on her chin.

"You can't call Iincho old, Kotarou-kun," Natsumi reprimanded the boy.

"You're right. The old one here is Chizuru nee-san…" Kotarou agreed.

"What was it that I just heard?" Chizuru said threateningly.

"N-nothing!" 'Man this nee-san is scary' Kotarou thought. The group had never noticed the small hole on their ceiling. Looking down from the hole were three odd slime creatures.

'Status report,'an elderly man's voice echoed inside the heads of the slime creatures.

"The boy had managed to get to the school," one of the slime creatures replied with a little girl's voice. "Seeing as how is talking with the girls casually it seems like the spell worked."

'Good eliminate them from here on out.' The slime creatures then began to transform and take shape. Their bodies swirled around and began to form hands as well as other appendages. When their transformation was complete, in their place, stood three miniature girls wearing dark blue dresses. One had glasses and held a computer. Her hair was tied up in a ponytail. The one in the middle had short hair and was the leader of this little group. The last one had long hair that was flowing freely.

"Kotarou's powers have been sealed since he was punished. Meaning this should be easy," the one with glasses told the other two.

"But he can still use Ki," the one with long hair replied.

"Good to know. Now stick with the plan and don't let the vampire or the dark haired one detect you…'

"Roger," the leader replied.



* * *



Meanwhile…

In the stormy night outside the dorms of Mahora stood a figure. It wore a tattered black duster and a hat. Its hair was grey and long. "Good let's begin…" he said seemingly to no one, in the same voice that had echoed inside the slime sisters' heads. With that thunder boomed and lightning flashed.



* * *



Chizuru's room

Ayaka, Chizuru, Kotarou and Natsumi were all sitting down at the dinner table prepared to eat. The girls were messing around and Kotarou had a glossy look on his face. "Ara Kotarou-kun is something wrong?" Natsumi asked as she put another piece of food in her mouth.

"Oh, it nothing really," Kotarou replied with a small smile. "It's just that I've never eaten like this before. I mean everybody eating at the table at the same time. It seems like eating like a family is I don't know kind of fun." All the girls had a surprised look on their face when they understood what he said.

"Natsumi-san's home must be rather cruel," Chizuru said hugging the boy, placing his face into her breast.

"My family is normal! NORMAL!" Natsumi shouted with anime tears flowing down her face. The girls smiled and continued to eat, until the doorbell rang. "I wonder who that can be."

"I'll go check it out," Ayaka said. She walked to the door and opened it, with the deadbolt still in place. "May I know who is it?"

"I'm here about a certain boy in there. Mind if I speak to him?" said the old man who was outside in the rain.

"Oh you're looking for Kotarou? Is there a problem?"

"Oh, no. I'm just here to drop off a flower," the old man smiled kindly and placed a yellow rose to Ayaka's face. A small trail of dust flowed into her nose.

"Huh?" Ayaka said before she fell asleep onto the floor.

"You're a very gullible idiot, little girl." The man then put his right index finger and thumb on the deadbolt and crushed it to open the door. He walked into the room and spotted Kotarou. "Well hello wolf boy. It seems you are doing well."



* * *



Meanwhile…

Gohan meditated in a cave near the waterfalls of the Mahora campus which was a few kilometers away (say about 30 km). It was the same waterfalls that he had met with Kaede and had sparred with her on occasion. After exiting out of the resort, Gohan went out for a bite to eat. He went to the nearest restaurant that was open and ate out the whole restaurant. Luckily, the restaurant was serving a buffet so Gohan didn't have to pay too much for the food. Although, while eating, he was challenged by the restaurant's chef for eating contest that was going to occur within the next few days. Gohan agreed to it, although he wasn't sure on why the chef was challenging him. Probably had to do with him eating out all of his fast cooked food, but who knows.

After eating, Gohan felt everyone's ki coming out from the resort and decided to take the time to mediate a bit and because it was raining, he went to the cave that he had discovered near the waterfalls. It was the perfect place to reflect on his training on the Kaio-ken technique and with the pactio. Once arriving to the cave, Gohan took out his artifact and laid it before him as he sat down. He began to reflect what the artifact, the Zeta sword, was and its purpose. He reminisced on what happened when he went to meet with Eva.



* * *



Flashback

"Master!" screamed Negi as he entered Eva cottage.

"You're late boya," Eva said irritably. "Next time, show up on time."

"I'm sorry about that Master," Negi bowed apologetically, "but Gohan-san wanted to come along with me."

Eva's eye-brows widened. "The assistant?"

"Hai," said an entering Gohan. "I have a request for you Evangeline-san. I need your help."

"Oh, so now the all-powerful and knowing assistant is seeking my help?" Eva said with a devilish smile. Gohan gulped. He remembered from Negi told him about the first time that he asked her for help. He shook his head to get rid of those disgusting thoughts. "You know that my services aren't free, what is it that you need from me?"

"Negi-san is going to be some training with you, which is good and all since it is better that he has multiple people training him like Ku Fei-san, me and you Evangeline-san, and I– "

"Spill it assistant!" Eva said.

"Well, I know that you are not going to train for only three hours after Negi-san finishes work," Gohan said. "Knowing you, you probably have a place to train where you can train him to your full extent."

Eva turned a bit wide-eyed. How much does he know? Eva wondered. "Very astute of you assistant. I do have a place in mind on where I am going to train the boya. Why do you ask?"

"I was wondering if I could train there as well," Gohan asked. "And I have some questions about something else."

Eva glared at the demi-saiyan for a bit, realizing that there was something that he wanted to discuss with her in private. But what could it be? "Fine, but I will answer your questions once I am done with training the boya, got it?"

Gohan nodded. "Hai!"

"All right," Eva said as she turned around, "follow me."

After Negi's training with Eva for the day was over…

Gohan was practicing his katas as he went through the different movements. He tried to calm his mind down, but every time he tried, he kept seeing himself being defeated by Hildegarn and seeing his friends being hurt by the giant monster. He clenched his fists in frustration as he let out a loud war cry as he shot his arm out. However, when he shot his arm out, a wind blast came out, destroying some pieces of pavement as well as the pillars as an unintended consequence. "Ah crap!" Gohan yelled.

"Seriously, you and the boya need to control yourselves," Eva said as she came walking in.

Gohan scratched the back of his neck in embarrassment. "Sorry about that. Hehehehe," laughed nervously Gohan.

"Whatever," Eva said. "So what is it that you wanted to ask about? I don't have all day you know."

"Right," Gohan as he pulled out his pactio card, which drew a curious look coming from Eva.

"Is that…"

"Yeah, it's a pactio," Gohan interrupted. "Although, I am not sure how I was able to get one. But anyways, I wanted to ask you on what the pactio does. I'm not even sure myself."

Eva walked over to Gohan and grabbed the card. She inspected the card as if it was like a long lost item that had been recently found. After a few minutes at looking at the card and with Gohan explaining that the sword in the card was a sword from long ago, Eva finally spoke up. "It is very interesting. Although you may not like what you hear, but I am not entirely sure what this pactio's powers are."

"Huh? What do you mean?"

"You know how a pactio is formed?" Eva asked. Gohan nodded with a slight of a blush, knowing full well what makes a pactio. "The pactio card is reflective of the creator's personality. The fact that you knew the sword right away is indicative of that. What did you say the Zeta sword was?"

"The Zeta sword was a sword that sealed the Ro Kaioshin-sama," Gohan replied. "Why do you ask?"

"Hmmm," pondered Eva. "If I have to guess, your pactio artifact has the ability to seal and release."

"Really?" Gohan said as he looked at the card more careful.

"It's just a guess," Eva said as she headed back to the exit. "You are more than welcomed to try it here. You can spend here as long as you want."

"Thanks Evangeline-san," Gohan said. "But don't tell Negi-san or the others please. I want to keep it a secret from them."

"Sure. However, you owe me compensation," Eva said that drew a nervous sweat from Gohan. Please don't make me lick your feet, Gohan kept repeating to himself in his head. "I'll let you know what it is. Hahahaha!" laughed Eva as she exited out of the resort. Gohan blinked a few times and let out a sigh of relief.

"Thank God that she didn't make me lick her feet," Gohan sighed. "Yosh, time to get some training in. I need to master the Kaio-ken and also practice using the pactio card in these next few days. Thankfully, Dad gave me Senzu beans to use. But I only have a limited amount. Got to use them wisely. But, let's get started." And with that Gohan began his training in the villa resort, using his old uniform from Piccolo to train with rather than use his usual blue dogi.

End of Flashback



* * *



Gohan frowned a bit as he reminisced his training in the villa. It was hard training but he got the gist of what the pactio could do. He also began talking with Evangeline a lot more, although recently she had a hint of a blush on her face every time he saw her. Gohan was curious about it but he had other things in mind, mostly dealing with the pactio. Granted that he trained with it, however, he thought it would be too early to do a field test out here in the real world. Back in the villa, the abundance of magic in the air helped him grasped what the pactio did and how long it could be used for. Maybe, sometime in the future, I should try it, Gohan said to himself. Maybe Dad can help me out and maybe he could…

Then Gohan felt something in the air. He opened his eyes as he felt a huge presence in the air. "What is that?" he asked quietly. "It feels different and massive. It definitely isn't Fate that's for sure. It somehow feels…evil." Gohan then tried to pinpoint where the ki signature was coming from. His eyes then widened as he realized where it was coming from. "The girl's dormitories! This is bad!" With that, Gohan exited out of the cave, jumped into the air and a white aura appeared around him. He then dashed towards the campus, hoping he wasn't too late.



* * *



Back at the dormitories…

"Iincho!" Negi shouted as he reached the dorm in which he felt the powerful aura coming from. When he saw the Ayaka on the floor he went to check on her.

"Don't worry aniki, she is just asleep," Chamo told him from the boy's shoulder. They then heard an ear piercing scream.

"That was Natsumi-san!" Negi ran to the main part of the dorm to find the old man carrying an unconscious Chizuru in his arms.

"Ah Negi Springfield. You arrived rather quick."

"Chizuru-san! What have you done to her?" Negi demanded. "Let go off her!"

"I don't think so. Your seven so called 'partners' are under my captivity. If you want them back you are going to have to fight me. In the middle of campus under the world tree, I will await for your arrival. Do not call for help if you want your friends safely returned." A swirl of water had come up from the floor and swallowed the old man who went by the name of Wilhelm. When the water hit the floor, he was gone.

"Damn."

"N-Negi-sensei?" someone sniffled from behind him. Turning around Negi saw Natsumi on the floor crying.

"Natsumi-san!" Negi rushed over to her and inspected if she had any bruises or anything. "Are you alright?"

"Aniki! Looked behind you," Chamo instructed the boy. Negi took a glance behind him and saw an unconscious Kotarou.

"Kotarou, are you okay?" Negi asked the dog hanyou.

"N-Negi?" Kotarou mumbled slowly gaining consciousness. "NEGI!" Kotarou then gripped his head in pain. "I remember I was supposed to tell you something important." Letting go of his head Kotarou smirked and pointed at Negi. "I remember now! I'm here to challenge you to a duel!"

"Kotarou-kun this isn't the time to say that!" Negi replied with comical anime tears flowing down his face.

"Is that so? Damn…I lost my memory. Chizuru-nee-san got involved when she knows absolutely nothing about this."

"I know. Even my friends were captured."

"What? I can see that happening to Honya-nee-san and Yue-nee-san, but Asuna-nee-san and the Shinmei-Ryuu swordswoman can't get captured!" Kotarou exclaimed with worry.

"But the man said…No matter how strong Asuna-san is she is still a normal girl." Chamo had appeared on Negi's shoulder and whispered something into his ear making his eyes widened. "So they have been captured. Did you manage to contact Gohan-san?"

"No," Chamo answered. "I can't seem to find him. No one knows where he is."

"Negi," Kotarou spoke up interrupting the two. He pulled out a tiny bottle from his hair and gave it to Negi. "With this bottle and a spell you can quickly seal those demons inside it. I'm giving it to you."

"Is that so?"

"Yeah. I stole it from him before I got here, that was why I was hit with the man's magic." When Negi stared at the bottle a small sense of nostalgia had fluttered within him.

"I understand. Thank you. With this I may be able to save my friends."

"I'm coming too!"

"Wha-what? What about your injuries from fighting him?"

"Idiot I was just careless. Besides I had accidentally dragged Chizuru-nee-san into this, it is my responsibility to help her. Besides I owe her for helping me."

Negi smiled and nodded. "Understood." Looking towards Natsumi he said, "Natsumi-san, take care of the Iincho. Kotarou-kun and I are going to save everyone." Natsumi nodded dumbly and wished them luck, not really sure of what is happening.



* * *



In the theater…

"Where am I?" Asuna asked herself when she was waking up. Looking around and taking in her surrounds she spoke up once again. "Why am I at the university's festival stage? Huh? Why the hell am I dressed like this?" Asuna shouted as she got a good look at herself. She was wearing nothing but a red leather corset and matching underwear. She had on knee high socks clipped to the corset. Her arms were also tied by some odd liquid substance.

"Oh you are up miss?" a dark voice said. Asuna looked towards the voice and saw Wilhelm standing there with a kind smile. "It helps to have a damsel in distress wear something nice, don't you know. It makes an atmosphere when the people come to save you."

"What the hell do you think you are doing you perverted asshole!" Asuna shrieked as she kicked Wilhelm's head.

"My my, I didn't expect Negi to have such energetic companions," Wilhelm replied with a smile.

"Wait did you say Negi's companions?" Wilhelm pointed behind her and she followed his finger and saw three bubbles holding her friends. In the left bubble was a sleeping Setsuna floating in some sort of liquid. In the right one was Chizuru in the same situation as Setsuna. Finally in the middle bubble stood Kazumi, Yue and Nodoka, all of whom were naked. Konoka was in there too in her pajamas.

"Why is everyone here?"

"I invited all of them to be our spectators for this fight."

"Hey you girls over there," Konoka shouted to a trio of tiny little girls standing on stage. "Can you let us out?"

"Sorry we can't let you out of our specially made water prison! By the way my name is Amee," the one with the glasses informed them.

"Slime," replied the one with pigtails introduced herself.

"Pudding," the girl with really long hair also introduced herself.

"You should be grateful that we don't melt you down and eat you up," Slime told them. "But this is the fate of those normal people that halfheartedly enter the world of magic." She then smirked at Yue and Nodoka. "Yup don't even think about escaping from here unless you can do extremely strong magic."

"Why are you doing this?" Asuna asked Wilhelm.

"It's not that important. All we are doing is a reconnaissance. Besides the amount of the threat you and Negi Springfield pose is a part of the information we need."

"Huh? M-me?"

"Hmm... It seems like they are here." He then looked at Asuna. "To be honest I am personally interested in Negi alone. I'd like to see how far the boy has come from back then."

"Huh?" Wilhelm was watching Negi chant and saw a barrage of wind arrows coming towards him. "That's not bad at all..." He put his hands up in front of him and cancelled out the attack. Asuna flinched when Wilhelm did that.

"He deflected it!" Kotarou shouted as he landed. "Was that a defensive barrier?"

"No it looks like he used some sort of item to cancel it out," Negi replied. The two then landed at the top of the audience. "We are here mister! Now please let my students go!"

"Negi!" Asuna shouted.

"A-Asuna-san! Are you doing perverted things again?" he asked embarrassed.

"NOOOOO!" The other girls then cheered that they had arrived. "Huh isn't that the dog boy who attacked us in Kyoto?"

"Kotarou-kun!" Nodoka gasped surprised.

"Who are you? Why are you doing this?" Negi demanded.

"Ah sorry for doing such rude acts Negi, but if I don't hold a few hostages you won't fight at your full potential," Wilhelm answered. "I just want to know the extent of your abilities. Defeat me and I'll surely return them to you. Those are my conditions and that's all I have to say."

"HA! Is that all? This is going to be a piece of cake then!"

Damn! I have to involve my students in these types of things... No matter what I...I have to rescue them! Negi thought. "Alright I'll go first. Kotarou, stay down." Negi ordered his friend as he put his staff on his back and took off the weighted clothes that he carried on him.

"What?" Kotarou shouted. "What are you talking about Negi...You're just a mage; there is no way you can win. Get out of my way!"

"What? You were just beaten by that guy over!"

"You idiot! I said I was careless! If I could have used my dog spirits I would have won easily."

"Well you don't have your dog spirits right now! And Kotarou lost to me once before!" Negi shot back.

"Idiot there is no way that sort of ambush would work again! If we do that again I will beat you to a pulp!"

"I don't care, just step down and let me fight! I have been training with Gohan-san and I have grown stronger. Since you don't have you spirits I am the stronger one!" Negi pointed an accusing finger at Kotarou.

"What? Sure you asshole!" Kotarou all but growled pointing his own finger at Negi. "Let's end it right here right now! To see who the stronger one is!"

"No problem!" Negi replied glaring at his rival. They took their stances and prepared to duke it out.

"Although it is good to be energetic, it would be wise if you too actually work together," Wilhelm offered his advice. He then snapped his fingers. Negi and Kotarou were surprised when they saw Slime and Amee behind each of them respectively, while Pudding held their legs. Amee and Slime both kicked sending the two down the rows. Impacting the floor they recovered as the three girls went on the attack again.

Suddenly, a voice shouted from the sky, "MASENKO HAA!" A large yellow ki beam came down and stopped the three girls' path.

"What was that?" said Pudding, surprised that an attack like that came down upon them. The other two girls were surprised too. Wilhelm, however, was not.

"So you have come out…Son Gohan!" He moved his eyes upward to where the beam came out and he saw in the distance it was Gohan, the young demi-saiyan! Gohan landed softly on the ground and stood before Negi and Kotarou. He was wearing his blue dogi with a red sash around his waist.

"Gohan/-san/-sensei/-kun!" yelled everyone, happy to see the young demi-sayian. Negi noticed however that Gohan had a serious face. More serious than he had looked during the trip in Kyoto.

"Negi-san, Kotarou-san, let me handle this," said Gohan.

"What are you talking about Gohan-san? We can take this guy down together," Negi said as he got up and put himself into a fighting stance.

"You are not strong enough Negi-san," Gohan said in a serious voice. "This guy is too strong for you."

"What do you mean Nii-san?" asked Kotarou.

"This guy is hiding a lot of his power," said Gohan.

"Hehehe," Wilhelm chuckled. "Very good Son Gohan. I am impressed. So, the rumors were true about a warrior of incredible power hanging around this academy, especially hanging around with a person like Negi-kun."

"What do you want with Negi-san?" said Gohan angrily. The air around picked up as soon as Gohan got angry. No one threatened his friends and got away with it.

"Temper, temper Gohan-kun. If you don't control it, you might miss all the fun," said Wilhelm shaking his finger. "After all, I wouldn't want our guest to feel unappreciated."

"What do you mean guest?" Gohan questioned. He knew that there were four figures but was there another one that he hadn't picked up? Impossible, Gohan thought.

"I knew that you were coming so I brought along someone for the ride. Someone that you are all too familiar with," said Wilhelm as he snapped his fingers. A dark circle appeared right next to him, lightning snapping everywhere. A figure came out from the dark hole. Gohan immediately recognized who the figure was as his eyes turned wide-eyed. He started to have a nervous sweat.

"It can't be," spoke a nervous Gohan. "No way!"

Negi and Kotarou walked and stood next to Gohan, unsure to what he was referring to. The only thing that they were seeing was a young man, towering six feet tall. His body was adorned with strange ornaments and garb, looking to be from some old culture. His thick and wiry black hair ran down his back, and his face and his onyx eyes had a look of total vacancy.

"What is it Gohan-nii-san?" asked Kotarou. He was surprised that someone, who to him looked like a weakling, could get Gohan to nervously sweat so much.

"Kotarou-kun, I never seen Gohan-san ever be this nervous before," Negi said. He wasn't sure but he was feeling something dreadful from the young man that had just come out.

"How did you find him?" Gohan asked, clenching his fists and teeth.

Wilhelm smiled. "I like that face Gohan-kun. The face of fear. I knew that the only way to beat you was to bring out a warrior of your caliber or even higher. In this case, this man was a good candidate for that role. I picked him up when I was looking for warriors from the underworld. He so wanted to meet you again."

"Really?" said Negi.

"Don't listen to him Negi-san. He is lying," Gohan said as he stepped out in front of Negi and Kotarou, shielding them as if they were to be attacked right at that moment. Gohan was trying to stall as much time as possible before the figure would gain consciousness. "Negi-san, Kotarou-san, I want you two to rescue the girls and get as far away as possible with them."

"Why Gohan-nii-san?" asked Kotarou. "We can take this guy out no sweat."

"You don't understand Kotarou-san, this man is no ordinary fighter," said Gohan as he clenched his fists. "This man is known as Broli and he is very strong and dangerous. As soon as the fight starts, I want you two to leave as far as possible."

"But what about you Gohan-san?" asked Negi.

"I will be fine," said Gohan. Asuna looked at the scene unfolding from her prison and knew that he was lying. She knew him long enough to know when he was lying. Gohan wasn't going to be fine. His comments felt like he was saying goodbye to everyone. Was this guy, Broli, Broccoli or something like that, really that dangerous?

Then a voice came out from the figure. "Kakarotto…"

"What a carrot?" said Kotarou.

"Kakarotto…"

"What the hell is he talking about?" asked Kotarou. "We don't have any carrots."

"He is not talking about carrots," said Gohan as he got into a stance and pushed back Negi and Kotarou. "That is the Saiyan name of my father, Son Goku," he said.

"Huh?"

Broli lifted his head and once he saw Gohan, his face turned from vacancy to rage. "Kakarotto!"

Broli's hair started to slowly float upwards, as if there was a gust of wind around. Small jolts of what looked like green electricity started to jump around all of his body, and his hair slowly turned from black to a gold color. With a flailing of his arms, he cried out a roar that shook the very ground around them. "KAKAROTTO!"

Asuna, Konoka and Negi all shrieked when they saw this warrior transform into a Super Saiyan! "He transformed into a Super Saiyan?" All of them yelled. Before they could get an answer to that question, Gohan dashed forward and tackled the Super Saiyan warrior before he could hurt any of his friends. He lifted Broli in the sky as far away as possible. However, he could only get a few feet in the air before he was knocked out by Broli. He threw the demi-saiyan to the ground hard, creating a crater.

Broli started to laugh manically. A green orb appeared his hand as he launched it towards Gohan's position, creating a large explosion. "HAHAHAHAHAHA!"

"Gohan/-san/-kun/-sensei!" screamed everyone. Asuna screamed the loudest.

But all their worries went away when a loud scream was heard across the site. "HAAA!" A bright light came out from the crater, revealing a gold-haired Gohan but different. Asuna knew that Gohan had done something similar during the Kyoto trip. His hair style was very different. Instead of multiple bangs, there was only one bang across his face. His demeanor was different too. Streaks of lightning flashed around him and his aura.

Gohan had unleashed Super Saiyan 2 once again! He launched to the sky to meet head on with the Super Saiyan warrior. Broli was expecting the punch as he blocked it, creating a huge shockwave that shook the whole area. Everyone couldn't do anything but watch as Gohan and Broli continued to exchange blows at an extraordinary fast rate.

Kotarou was trembling at the display of power. "I-I-Incredible. I didn't know that Gohan-nii-san packed so much power." Negi was at a loss of words. Gohan didn't display that kind of power during the rituals in Kyoto and against the Demon Lord that was summoned.

"Who is that guy?" Asuna asked to no one in particular.

"His name is Broli, a Saiyan," responded Wilhelm.

"A Saiyan?" everyone asked. Negi, Asuna and Konoka started to get cold sweat when they heard Wilhelm say the word. Gohan had already told them about his past and they had met Vegeta and Goku who seemed like normal for them. But this guy, Broli, was completely different.

"Yes, a very powerful Saiyan," Wilhelm explained, "You might as well call him the Legendary Super Saiyan because of his immense power. I'm not sure that Gohan-kun will be able to survive against such an opponent. But where were we? Ah yes, girls…attack the brats." The three girls nodded and launched towards Negi and Kotarou. The fight had begun.

"I recall you don't hit girls," Amee said as she approached Kotarou with Pudding.

"Even if they are girls, as long as they are slimy, they are fair game!" Kotarou replied as he punched Amee sending her into Pudding.

"Battle Hymn!" Negi shouted as he covered himself in magic. Slime came up and tried to do a stab with her left hand at Negi, to which he had deflected with is right. Pivoting on her foot, Slime followed through with a right hook which was blocked. Slime smirked as her arm snaked along Negi's towards his head. Negi's eyes widened and he retaliated with a palm thrust to her head causing her to deform for a moment then reconstitute herself.

"That won't work!" she exclaimed with a smirk as she went again to attack. Negi took a deep breath and put his two hands in front of him. He put his left foot behind him and did a thrust with both palms. This sent Slime flying back and skidded to a halt behind Pudding and Amee. "Tch, not bad."



* * *



Meanwhile…

Up in the sky, Broli and Gohan continued to battle it out. Each of them was matching blow for blow. It was an incredible fight as it got a bit farther from the theater. However, Gohan knew better than that. He knew that Broli was holding back and so was he. However, he wasn't sure how much stronger Broli had gotten, especially after coming back to life. Then again, Gohan was stronger than last time too as he landed a kick on the Super Saiyan warrior and sent him flying to the ground. Gohan landed softly with his blazing golden aura surrounding him as he watched Broli get up, unharmed. Gohan clenched his teeth.

Just then, in a blink of an eye, the Super Saiyan warrior shot at Gohan at full speed, the ground ripped and parting from the force produced by the Saiyan's flight. With his energy shield still pulsing around him, he hurled at his target and, pulling back his right fist, threw it at Gohan. The power attack caught the Gohan off guard, who ducked underneath it, parrying it at the same time and leaping to his left, retreating fast just as the ground around him collapsed. Rubble and debris flew with the continuous energy escaping from the Super Saiyan. Gohan flew back, landing some distance away before pushing off again as the earth split towards him. Broli followed him, flying at full speed after him, creating deep entrenchments in his path and the ground crumbling all around him. Rubble and debris lifted into the air, his strength and speed appearing at an alarming rate. With his opponent in reach, Broli let out a warrior's yell of anger and threw another right punch at Gohan. The demi-saiyan leapt over his opponent as Broli drove his fist downwards. Gohan's didn't oppose him just yet, and forward flipped over his opponent and retreating again, dropping out of the sky and floating backwards fast, keeping his eyes on his opponent. By the time they were at least 120 meters away from each other, the Super Saiyan warrior gritted his teeth, growled and turned around, seeing his target moving away.

Gohan skidded to a stop, watching Broli's movement. Broli turned around and brought his right hand up and behind him. Through a unique display of energy, he watched the fighter charge up an attack, the area around him flashing green and suddenly gets sucked into his palm. The orb of energy shrank into his grasp, and disappeared when he fist's his hand. But then, when he opened his right hand, a ball of green energy appeared, shining brightly. With a yell of anger, the Super Saiyan warrior threw his hand forward, releasing the ball of energy. It hurled through the air, hooking and flying at Gohan at an incredible speed. Leaping back through the air, watching the attack curve towards him, Gohan swung his right hand round before throwing it forward, left hand gripping his right wrist. In that quick action, a stream of gold ki balls shot out of his palm and shot straight for the incoming attack, which had only traveled three quarters of the way to him. His attack struck his opponent's, both of them impacting and infusing with each other. The mixture flickered for a moment, before suddenly erupting into a massive explosion of colossal force. Broli grinned, glaring down at the explosion taking place.

As flames erupted from the crater punched into the ground, black smoke rose into the air, creating a thick divide between the two fighters. A shadow shot out of the fire, landing and skidding along the ground, dropped into a fighting stance. Slightly scarred from the explosion, Gohan glared through the flames up towards the sky where he felt the ki of his opponent.

Suddenly, bursting out of the wall of fire, which parted from his fast entrance, the large Super Saiyan charged down at Gohan. Bringing his right fist back, he threw a powerful punch, yelling at the top of his lungs. The demi-saiyan was ready. He brought his left hand up and caught the incoming fist, being pushed back a little from how strong the blow was. He supported his left hand with his right, resisting the pressure placed upon him with a firm stance. Both Super Saiyans bit tooth and nail, trying to overpower one another. Gohan however, found himself placed under stress, as the Super Saiyan warrior was stronger than he was right now. Still, it didn't he was going to give up so easily. After locking in that position for a moment, the two of them flashed into super speed, taking their fight through the skies. Seconds later, shock waves, sonic booms, impacts of fists and yells of effort could be heard, as both fighters engaged in a quick, unpredictable battle. They were so fast you couldn't see them, all you could see was the air exploding from the shockwaves going off. Signs of these were when the smoke and fire parted, craters being punched into the ground with both Gohan and his opponent leaping across the valleys, exchanging lethal blows. Shock wave after shock wave followed, before the two of them reappeared above the lands below close to the rising smoke from the large crater far below.

Gohan and Broli reappeared, the larger fighter attacking first. He flew at the young Saiyan, closing the small gap between them and threw flurries of slow, but powerful punches at him. Even though they were slow compared to Gohan's they were still quick. In response, the young Saiyan attacked back, avoiding his blows while retaliating. The two of them managed to avoid, block and evade their opponent's attacks, countering with their own. You could see the force of impacts of colliding fists and kicks bursting all over them. Their brawl only lasted for a few more seconds before they flashed into super speed again, disappearing into a battle no ordinary person could follow.

Moments later, after vicious assaults had been made by both fighters, Gohan reappeared. He flipped through the air after materializing from super speed and landed on solid ground. Beside a freshly made crater that had been punched in from the force of one of the rebounding shock waves, the demi-saiyan fell back, retreating quickly along the ground, backwards. Broli reappeared as well, fazing into view and floating down, left side turned to Gohan and stiffed into a straight standing position. When he spotted Gohan, he gritted his teeth and glared, turning towards demi-saiyan as he landed. Gohan's own teeth were gritted, eyes narrowed down on the Super Saiyan warrior. After stopping, he quickly back flipped away to put more distance between them. Landing after that back flip, he dropped into a Tiger Claw stance, his feet spread wide and balanced with his arms stretched out, hands clawed. Broli turned fully towards him, head dipping and eyes overshadowing. When he saw Gohan's stance, he brought his fists up, powering up. A gust of wind from energy force burst out from underneath him, dust hurling into the air and his clothes ruffling. Gohan tightened his scowl, watching his opponent float off the ground slowly. After reaching a certain height, the large Super Saiyan let out a roar and charged. He flashed through the air reaching his opponent in seconds. Gohan was more than ready for this.

He slid underneath and around Broli, who had kicked straight out with his left foot in a side, flying kick. After slipping around, Gohan leapt to hover at his height above the ground and sent a right roundhouse kick aimed at his opponent. Broli, though it seemed impossible, zapped into super speed before his kick could land. Gohan ended up hitting nothing and growled in frustration, wheeling around, only to be slammed across the face by a fist coming out of nowhere. His surprisingly quick opponent was sporting a grin as he floated in front of him; his left fist sent hooking across the demi-saiyan's face. Gohan, though knocked senseless, easily recovered and retaliated, spinning around in the direction he was falling. Using his momentum from Broli's blow across his face, he brought his left leg around and slammed it across his opponent's face. It actually connected, knocking his attacker into a similar state. After that, Gohan back flipped and landed, bringing both his hands up and firing a blast at the fighter at close range. His attack struck the guy in the stomach, digging in a bit before exploding, smoke wafting up into his face. The best Gohan did with that blast was push him back slightly and knocked him off his feet. With the smoke clouding the damage, the Super Saiyan warrior glared up, growling in anger. Gohan frowned, suddenly being forced to jump high into the air when Broli swooped at him, sending a right hook aimed for his midsection. Gohan easily evaded and powered up, shooting up into the skies like a rocket. His opponent glanced behind him skywards, gritting his teeth before giving chase.

The two of them weaved through the air, one chasing the other. Swooping close to the ground, Gohan, who had dropped his golden aura, spun around so he was flying backwards. Up high in the sky, surrounded by his green shield, was his opponent. Broli closed in fast, his speed matching his strength. Throwing his right hand forward, the Super Saiyan warrior unleashed a barrage of green energy balls. These attacks soared for Gohan, who was flying low across the ground. The demi-saiyan yelled and took evasive maneuvers, moving from left to right and about to avoid the rain of ki attacks. After smacking a couple of them away, he threw his left hand back and then threw it forward, firing off another gold ki blast. The stream of energy flew at Broli, who reacted in kind by bringing his right hand back and throwing his left hand out. Through this energy increase in his forward charge, his shield intensified. The blast struck the green barrier, exploding without any effect.

After the blast exploded, the shield lowered, and the Super Saiyan warrior pulled his left hand back. The same charging up effect occurred, the area around him turning green and retracting into his palm. The charge was quick, and when the green ball of energy appeared in his hand, he pitched it forward. The ball of energy hooked through the air and then curved downwards, striking the ground ahead of Gohan. The demi-saiyan was forced to slow his flight, curling into a ball and spinning, still flying backwards as the explosion behind him erupted. A small mushroom cloud appeared in the sky, the green fire ball still growing. Gohan flew straight through it, only getting graved by the flames before he landed, skidding along the ground. While still sliding along the ground, he cupped his hands behind him, a blue ball of energy forming in his palms. Gritting his teeth, he yelled, "KA…ME…HA…ME…HAAAAAAAAAAAA!" and threw his hands forward. The blast shot out of his grip with tremendous force, which continued to push him along. All the while, the energy continued to pour out of his hands and into the attack. It shot through the fiery smoke from the explosion he had just passed. It ripped through, punching a huge hole into the cloud. Broli didn't see the attack coming, and when he did, he barely had enough time to move to the side and watch it fly past him and into space.

That moment's distraction was too long for his case. Flashing into focus using teleportation, Gohan appeared at his left side and flew at him, left hand pulled back. Just as Broli was turning, Gohan slammed his fist across the warrior's face. The blow, increased in strength by momentum, staggered the Super Saiyan warrior, allowing Gohan to flip back before the warrior could recover. When he did, he turned around, facing Gohan. He had blood leaking out of both corners of his mouth, a very monotone look on his face. Suddenly, he smirked and licked the blood away that leaked out from his mouth. Gohan was disgusted none to say the least.

"Eew! That is completely unnecessary, disgusting!" Gohan shouted, only to fall silent when the Super Saiyan drifted back and swung his right hand around. Green energy formed around him and sucked itself into his open palm. With the appearance of the green energy ball in his grasp, he threw his hand forward, unleashing an entire barrage of small ki blasts. Gohan identified it as a sweeping cluster attack, and fell back fast as the barrage of energy balls shot at him. He was able to block most of them but some of them crashed against the ground, causing huge explosions. Gohan clenched his teeth in anger as Broli laughed maniacally. I have to finish this fight or take it somewhere else, Gohan thought. Otherwise we could destroy this entire academy! Actually he would do it with no problem, without any regard for human life. I may have to do the field test sooner than I thought.



* * *



Meanwhile, back at the theater…

"Whoa what was that?" Kotarou asked with a smile to Negi.

"That was a supplementary magic known as Battle Hymn," Negi told him.

"No not that! That martial arts you did! What type of technique is that?"

"It's Chinese martial arts…Oh I'm learning something called Pa Kua Chan and Pa Kua Kun."

"Hahahahaha! Chinese martial arts huh? That's pretty nice." The slime sisters sped their way again and sent a barrage of attacks at the two boys. All of which were either blocked or parried. Kotarou then did a kick, and Negi elbowed the girls sending them tumbling into the stage right in front of Wilhelm. The two boys ran forward ready to attack, while the slime sisters met them head on. Negi and Kotarou swatted them away again. "Go Negi, remember the plan," Kotarou whispered. Negi nodded and ran forward while he stayed behind. "You know I shouldn't underestimate soft creatures such as yourselves, but your opponent is me!" Kotarou jumped and made clones of himself to attack the slime sisters, catching them off guard.

Wilhelm's brows had disappeared in to his hat when he saw their plan. Negi had gotten his wand out and pointed it at him. "Sagita Magica! One arrow of light!"The arrow shot out of his wand got cancelled when it reached him. He cancelled it again without any incantation. It's okay though since that is only a distraction! Negi went and spun around Wilhelm staring straight at his back. "We've won!" Negi proclaimed as he aimed the bottle at the old man. "Demon Sealing Bottle!" the bottle uncorked itself and began to suck in Wilhelm. That was when things went down the drain.

"KYAAA!" Asuna let out an ear shattering scream of pain as the spell hit Wilhelm. She fell to her knees screaming in agony. When the spell stopped, the thing hurting Asuna did too.

"He stopped the sealing spell?" Negi asked surprised as the bottle hit the floor.

"Hmm it seems like the experiment was a success. Works very well against attack spells," Wilhelm said. "Now it's time I get serious. There is no way thing should end this easy right Negi?" He asked while fixing the gloves on his hands. "Besides, there is already a barrier around the premises. So even if we cause a big ruckus no one will know about it."

As soon as he said it, he heard a laugh behind him. Wilhelm turned around and saw Broli on the ground standing and laughing with a maniacal smile on his face. Gohan came down and landed softly. He was covered with a few scraps all over his body. His yellow aura was blazing around him like a flame, bio-electricity appearing here and there. Wilhelm had to ask the demi-saiyan, "What is so damn funny for him?"

"He is enjoying the fight," Gohan spoke with a serious look on his face, one that some of the students had never seen coming from their assistant teacher. "It is in Saiyan nature to enjoy fighting."

"So, I am assuming that you are part of this 'Saiyan' culture?" Wilhelm asked. Gohan was silent in his response for he knew was going to come next.

Broli continued to laugh maniacally and kept repeating, "Kakarotto…Kakarotto…KAKAROTTO!" He stopped, clenched his fist and started to collect his ki around his body. He let out a yell and his eyes turned white. His body started to glow green. He kept on chanting until he let out a loud yell. Small bolts of green electricity were showing up all over the place. The earth began to shake around them. Everyone watched with anticipation at what was happening to Broli.

Then it happened. His eyes started to bright up with a green light, catching everyone by surprise except for Gohan. He knew what was coming and had hoped that it didn't. Bolts of lightning continued to strike down in the theater. Broli kept collecting more and more ki, until finally his body exploded in a ball of green aura, causing changes in the environment twice! The changes resulted in a gray/dark blue look in the environment and in the sky.

After dispelling the ball of ki, everyone stood in shock at Broli's appearance as he had changed completely with a new transformation. His hair had a slightly greenish-yellow tint. His body was surrounded by a blazing greenish-yellow aura. His pupils and irises had become seemingly invisible, making him look much more maniacal than he already was. But the difference that everyone noticed was his body size. His body had grown in height and his muscle mass had greatly increased to the point of looking like a Mr. Universe contestant but even bigger!

All the girls were amazed at the size and usually some of them would like the extra muscle on a man but they had noticed something different about it. It felt evil and unnatural. "He is a freak!" yelled a scared Yue.

"Me, a freak? No," responded Broli, the Legendary Super Saiyan, with a maniacal smile on his face, "I am the devil!" This was bad…very, very bad…for everyone here in the theater and on Earth.



* * *



Author's note: Yay! Another cliffhanger! I love doing that. hehehe. Sorry for the long chapter but I believe it was needed, especially I had this one written from a while back. Well, actually, when I first started this series. I always wanted to bring back a favorite DBZ villain of mine, Broli! And before you go off saying that its spelled Broly not Broli, let me tell you that this is how it is written in the Japanese anime. So don't go off telling me that I spelled his name wrong! You can look it up. Google it as well as on Goku's Saiyan name! His name is Kakarotto in the Japanese anime not Kakarot. There is a good reason on why I am going to go with that name, not only because it sounds a lot cooler than Kakarot but because of something else. I won't reveal it just yet. You will have to wait and see and continue reading! Mwhahahaha!

Anyways, this brings me to another point that I want to bring up, the conjuring of DBZ villains. Now that you guys have seen how a demon like Wilhelm brought Broli from the underworld, you can guess that more DBZ villains will come into play in this story. So I posted a poll on which villain should be seen in this series like Freeza, Cell, Majin Boo, Bojack or even Cooler. You guys decide and I'll let you know the results later on.

So read and review especially when you really should write at least a review given all the hard work I put into this. I'm thankful for the few who review every chapter but lately, it just seems people read without reviewing lately and that kind of hurts for me. A minute out of your time to review, I don't think is much to ask. I like it when my work is appreciated and I'm sure you authors out there know what I am talking about. But I digress. Anyways, see you guys next week! Peace!





*Chapter 19*: The Demon's Terrible Transformation!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. See Chapter 1 for details.

Author's note: Hey everybody! Hope you guys had a good week! I enjoyed everyone's reaction and also to the polling. I won't post the results just yet but you will soon know what I have decided. I just wanted to see what was the consensus out there.

Sorry about the message but I felt like my work was not being appreciated so I just wanted to get that off my chest even though it seems like some have ignored it. But oh well, can't do nothing about it. Anyways, keep the reviews coming please! I really enjoy reading them and it lets me know that my work is being appreciated.

I want to thank naioka1992 for being my beta. She has been a great help to me and this series so thank you so much! So now let me present to you guys Chapter 19 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 19: The Demon's Terrible Transformation! An All-Out Kamehame-Ha!

Wilhelm was nervously sweating. He was getting a firsthand viewing of the maniacal Legendary Super Saiyan. He didn't realize that he brought a being such as this from the depths of the underworld. If he had known about it, he would have gotten another opponent for Son Gohan.

Negi and Kotarou were trembling at the display of power that Broli was showing. It wouldn't be particularly cowardly if they peed their pants right then and there (I would and I am sure anyone not named Gohan would too). "Don't worry everyone," said Gohan. "I will take care of this." And with that, somehow, everyone's fear was lessened. For some reason, everyone, including Asuna and Negi, felt very safe.

Gohan clenched his fist and let out a loud yell. "HYAAAAAAHH!" A bright light appeared and covered Gohan completely. Everyone covered their eyes as the dust and small pebbles were pushed away by the white light. When the light subsided, everyone's face turned to surprise and awe. It was Gohan, but without the gold hair color! He was back to his normal black hair! A white blazing aura surrounded the demi-saiyan. All the girls thought, Did he just power down?

Asuna didn't think so. She felt that Gohan was different somehow; especially considering the area around him was completely destroyed and had formed massive craters. This appearance, she felt, was a new transformation. The bang stayed on the other side of his face and Gohan had the same demeanor as his Super Saiyan 2 state. She felt more power coming out from him before as it was the same power that he had displayed in Kyoto and in Metro West. But it was more.

Broli smiled evilly. "I am going to enjoy watching you die…KAKAROTTO!" He launched forward and clashed with Mystic Gohan, creating a huge shockwave that tore the high stands of the theater apart. The two powerful warriors clashed and clashed, sending kicks and punches to each other. Usually, Broli would be unaffected by the punches but Gohan was much more powerful than the last time that they had fought.

As soon as they got separation from each other, Gohan went up in the air. "I have to move this fight somewhere else. If not, my friends will get hurt," he muttered as he sped off. He looked back and saw that Broli was following him. "Good, now I have to get as close to the barrier that Wilhelm set up so no innocent people will get involved in the fight."



* * *



Back at the theater, Wilhelm started to laugh. Kotarou clenched his fist in anger and asked, "What is so damn funny old man?"

"I'm laughing because I brought out a monster that will kill everyone!" said Wilhelm. He had lost his mind. "But before the apocalypse comes down on us, I want to test you two boys out." Wilhelm then used his superior speed, ending up behind Negi and threw a punch. It sent an amount of demon energy out of his hands knocking both Negi and Kotarou down.

"This is insane! So you're finally getting serious huh!" Kotarou shouted. Wilhelm replied by sending multiple punches their way pelting them with the demon energy. "If we can't use the bottle we'll just have to do our best." Negi nodded and proceeded to chant something, while Kotarou focused Ki into his hand. When they both finished they sent their attacks towards their opponent. Wilhelm once again cancelled the attack, and Asuna was in pain.

"He stopped both of our attacks again!" Negi gasped.

"Magic Neutralization. Or in other words the ability to completely nullify magic. How is it possible that a normal human such as Miss Kagurazaka Asuna have such a powerful and dangerous technique? It doesn't matter, but let us demons use it for a while."

"So the ability to nullify magic is not from the artifact but an innate ability from ane-san," Chamo told Negi.

"Asuna-san! Are you alright?" Negi asked.

"I'm fine," Asuna lied though she winced. "Just beat this old pervert…beat him up mercilessly." Negi nodded.

"Hey I'm going to see if I can do something about this okay. So hold on," Chamo told Negi as he ran off.

"Since you cannot use any projectiles let's do this like men, settling things with our fists!" Wilhelm then attacked breaking the stands behind the two boys as they dodged. Negi tried to attack, but Wilhelm countered by punching his face.



* * *



Meanwhile, Broli continued to pursue Gohan, who wanted to take the fight as far away as possible from his friends. As they sped across the campus, Gohan tried to pinpoint where the barrier limit was at. Finally, when he found it, Gohan stopped and turned around, ready to face Broli. He was going to try to end this with his pactio artifact. However, when he turned around, Broli was nowhere to be seen. Gohan looked around until he got arm grabbed by a huge arm of muscle. He looked up and it was Broli who had grabbed him.

Broli brought down the demi-saiyan along with him, crashing into trees and buildings, giving him as much damage as possible. Gohan, by accident, let go of the card as Broli threw him into the ground, causing a huge crater to be formed. The saiyan laughed manically as beams of lights penetrated through the crater, lifting it and revealing Gohan.

Gohan had a few scratches on him luckily. If it was a normal fight, he would have come out much worse. He looked up ready to strike at Broli but had to dodge his green ki blasts raining down on him. Gohan dodged each one but had to be careful to not let it go to a populated area. Explosions were occurring from left to right. Gohan had enough dodging and launched to attack Broli.

Broli smiled evilly as he body slammed the approaching demi-saiyan. He then performed a clothesline on Gohan, sending him crashing towards a building. Gohan stopped himself in mid-air and phased out. Broli flinched as Gohan hit him in the face from his blindside. Then Gohan cupped his hands forward and sent out a large yellow ki ball at the Legendary Super Saiyan.

BOOM!

The dust cleared, revealing a largely unharmed Broli, except for the scratch on his chest. Gohan knew better than to think that the battle was won with that as he went flying to meet against Broli.

The two of them locked horns, with Gohan making the first strike. He hurled himself directly at the massive Legendary Super Saiyan, seeing him approaching in kind after gaining a high altitude. Just as they were within reach of each other, a green light flashed around Broli as a thin, bubble like shield appeared. Not worrying about the energy shield and confident he could overcome it; Gohan charged his opponent without a second thought and threw a powerful right punch aimed for Broli's head. His momentum and attack was halted as his fist came in contact with the shield. Even with the strength applied to the punch, it wasn't strong enough to break through the barrier.

Broli sniggered, powering up. Just then, his shield exploded. The blast expanded outwards and knocked Gohan back. As a result, the demi-saiyan fell with a yell of shock, his form spinning out of control. With this sudden counter measure, his aura had dissipated the moment he was struck down by the blast of the exploding shield. Flipping through the air, Gohan corrected himself into an upright position and slowed his fall. Still drifting back due to the momentum he had gained from being blasted away, the demi-saiyan glared up at his opponent, eyes flashing and a serious scowl in place.

Broli laughed maniacally, bringing his right hand back and charging up his signature attack. Green energy was sucked into his palm, an orb of deadly, raw power appearing. With a warrior like roar, he threw it forward, sending it curving through the air and hurling at Gohan. The demi-saiyan growled through bared teeth, sensing the immediate level of ki placed into that one blast. If he allowed it to hit the planet's surface, it would sink the entire area, or very well destroy the planet. With a yell of anger, he rushed forward and brought his right arm about, hand over his left shoulder. A lot of effort went into this next blow. He chopped out at the blast, shattering it when he struck its side. Pieces of ki shards flew everywhere, with some of them flying back at its owner. Broli smirked, watching the pieces fly by him and disappear. When his blast failed, Broli disappeared into super speed, closely followed by Gohan.

Moments later, sonic booms and shockwaves began ripping through the sky at an amazing rate. The explosions of force continuously moved from one area to another, indicating the two warriors were flying around at ultra-high speeds, beyond the sights of others. These shockwaves were seen going off everywhere, accompanied by flashes of blue electricity. When it appeared that this fight was only going to take place in the skies, it suddenly moved down to earth as well. Seven massive craters were punched into the ground with two blurs zapping in and out of focus with the appearance of these landmarks. Shockwaves continued ringing out in the skies and along the ground, punching craters into the earth one after another.

After a minute had past, with the fight raging on into a new height, the two fighters finally reappeared. Gohan reappeared landing on the ground, the earth crumbling beneath him and turning into rubble. As the unstable surface began giving way, the demi-saiyan spun around, right hand held up with his left fist pulled back, his defensive stance coming into focus. He gritted his teeth, his glaring up into the sky. It was when he turned round did he see Broli appear directly in front of him, an angered expression crossing his face. With a yell, Broli pulled his right fist back and sent it forward. Gohan had just enough time to leap into the air and jump over Broli when the massive fist came down at him. The blow struck the ground where Gohan once stood, a shockwave rippling out on impact. The ground continued collapsing under the might of the two super human warriors. Gohan spun around as he flew up through the air, bringing his right fist up. Gold beams of light shot out of the spaces made by his fingers before he threw his hand forward, throwing a hand full of ki shards at his opponent. Broli was just glancing behind him when he saw the gold, glass like shards flying at him. He did nothing to defend himself or avoid them as the shards fell on and around him.

A series of fiery explosions occurred, the massive blasts engulfing the Legendary Super Saiyan in a fiery hell. Gohan saw his attack strike and moved back as the blast radius of the napalm effective attack expanded and stretched out. He managed to avoid it just barely.

Back flipping through the air, Gohan landed. The ground beneath him cracked and split, forming a crater upon his touch down. Electricity sizzled around him as he took a stance, glaring into the raging fires in front of him. He figured that his attack had no effect on his opponent, despite its ferocity. Given proof was the appearance of a dark shadow emerging from the fires. The figure within the fire floated off the ground several feet before the raging fires suddenly parted, revealing Broli floating in a green, protective shield. He grinned as he glared at Gohan through the flames flickering by and around him. The appearance of his opponent made the young demi-saiyan growl in frustration.

After seeing Broli smirk, he threw both his hands out at the super powered villain. Instantaneously, a gold blast of ki shot out of his palms and straight at his opponent. Broli gave no way to weakness and leapt up into the air, avoiding it as it ripped through the air, past his previous position. When he leapt into the air, Broli turned his attention fully on Gohan again before charging, using super speed as an advantage. Gohan was quick to act on the incoming threat and leapt backwards through the air, just in time to see Broli appear on the ground where he once stood, right fist slamming into the ground. The Legendary Super Saiyan missed, but only just.

Both warriors continued to clash with punches and kicks, creating shockwaves. However, Broli continued to prefer in using ki blasts against the demi-saiyan. He kept shooting out green ki balls without any regard for the place around him.

Broli went up higher in the air and put out his arm. He then shot out green ki balls at Gohan, following him at every step of the way. Gohan went up to meet him and head-butted the Legendary Super Saiyan. But instead of hurting Broli, Gohan recoiled backwards due to Broli's hard head. Broli then took the opportunity to grab Gohan's arms and turned him around, facing his back. Broli smiled manically as he began to stretch the demi-saiyan, using his gigantic knee to crush Gohan's back. "WAAAAGH!" Gohan let out a loud yell of pain that was heard all over campus, including at the theater.



* * *



Asuna and the other girls heard the scream. They could only worry on what was going with Gohan. Asuna hoped that he was alright.

"Ane-san… Ane-san!" Chamo whispered to Asuna. Asuna looked down and saw the ermine. "Let me take off that pendant on your neck. When we do that Aniki can use magic again." Sadly he was caught by Amee and thrown into the bubble along with the girls as well. The three slime sisters then began to watch as the two boys were fighting a losing battle.

"Heh, those two are done for," Slime said.

"What do you mean by that?" Yue asked them.

"Oh don't worry you guys will be safe. You were just bait after all. But regardless of the outcome of our research, our goal was to take Negi out of combat for a while. But Wilhelm's ability to petrify anyone is just awesome. Those two may be lucky to get out of this with just permanently petrified limbs."

Wilhelm appeared before the two boys focusing magic into his right hand and did a "Demon uppercut!" destroying more of the place, making the boys flyaway from the force.

"Damn, he can use magic without any incantation!" Kotarou said. Wilhelm appeared behind them and let loose a fury of attacks on them and kicked them away when he was done, slamming them into more of the stage.

Wilhelm let out a disappointed sigh. "Is that all you can do? Even if your attacks are strong, you have failed to make me even winded Negi-kun…" Kotarou and Negi stood up again determination still written on their faces.

"You alright Kotarou-kun?" Negi asked.

"Of course idiot," replied the half demon. "Let's go!" The two then rushed and attack simultaneously. But Wilhelm block of their moves with one hand.

"Or is it just that Negi-kun," the old man paused as he punched Kotarou across the theatre. "Isn't doing his very best yet?" Kotarou let out a grunt.

"W-what? I am giving it my very best!" Negi replied.

"Oh really?" Wilhelm asked. "I heard that the son of the Thousand Master was a strong opponent. But Negi, you are hardly anywhere on his level. You're not even a good fighter at all."

"Damn this isn't good. Aniki may just get killed." Chamo said from his position.

"What can we do?" Yue asked them.

"Chamo-kun you said we only have to get the pendant right?" Konoka asked.

"Yeah."

"Well then gather around," Konoka told the others. "I accidentally left one of those practice wands in my pocket but we have to make sure the slime sisters don't see it." Konoka then produced a small wand with a heart at the top.



* * *



Back with the fight with against Broli, Gohan let out more yells of pain, until finally, he collected ki and sent it to his arm to strengthen them. He brought them forward like a bear hug and when he was at a good distance, Gohan elbowed Broli and then did a upside down kick sending the Legendary Super Saiyan crashing on the ground.

Gohan started to collect his breath, ready for the next round against Broli. He needed some time to think on how to defeat Broli but how? Before he could think, Broli was already up in the air and dealt a crushing blow to Gohan in the face then punched Gohan in the gut and proceeded with a crushing knee strike to the face. Then Broli grabbed Gohan's face and threw to the ground, destroying a few buildings in the process. Broli then laughed manically as he spoke, "My power is rising…infinite power!" He let out a loud yell that brought back the yellow-greenish aura around him. He also destroyed a couple of the nearby buildings as well. Gohan stood up from the crater and saw that Broli was increasing with power. He needed to stop this fight before Broli got out of hand!



* * *



"So Negi what do you fight for?" Wilhelm asked.

"What…do I fight for?" Negi repeated confused.

"Yes. Look at Kotarou-kun, he fights because he enjoys it," the old man waved over to the stands where Kotarou was getting up. "But you. You fight for your companions. Ha! That is preposterous, absolutely preposterous. Negi-kun you disappoint me." Wilhelm took a breath as he shook his head. "The reason one fights is for himself and no other options for it. Anger, Vengeance and hatred are what make people fight at their fullest. Or to make it simple, 'I am happy as long as I am strong' like Kotarou-kun. Other than that fighting is pointless."

"I don't fight for self-satisfaction. I fight…" Negi was interrupted when their opponent spoke again.

"Because of the guilt you feel when normal people like them get involved?" Wilhelm gestured towards his captives. "The sense of responsibility that you feel to save them? Even if you say it is a responsibility it will never drive you enough to fight at your best. That is preposterous," Wilhelm's voice then turned dark. "Or shall we put it as, you wanting to fight so you can escape the memories of that one snowy night?" Wilhelm asked with some sort of twisted glee.

"How, how do you know about that?" Negi stuttered with wide eyes. "It can't be… That's not true!"

"oh is it? Well then…" Wilhelm took his hat and took it off slowly covering his face. When it was done, gone was the face of the old man there was a totally different face "How about now?" Negi stared with eyes the size of olives, sweat pouring down his face. "Hehe not bad. I like that expression on your face. When I tell people I am demon they think I'm just joking."

"You-You're…"

"Yes Negi-kun I am your vengeance!" the demonized Wilhelm told him. "I was one of the high class demons who attacked your puny village back then." He then put on his hat and he was back to his old man form. "I was also the one who nearly petrified your entire village. But I was beaten by that old magister."

"Ne-Negi?" Asuna stuttered as she heard the revelation. Sure she knew of his past like all the other girls, but the fact that one of the many demons that caused Negi so much pain was standing in front of them shocked her. She was also afraid of what would happen to Negi.

"So…feel like fighting for yourself yet?" Negi was hyperventilating and staring at Wilhelm as if in a trance.

"Yo Negi are you alright! Snap out of it man!" Kotarou asked his friend as he got to him. Negi then burst into action and appeared in front of Wilhelm his fist already cocked back. He did an upward palm thrust multiple times, sending Wilhelm into the sky. He followed him, and followed up the attack with a left handed punch, an elbow with is his right arm and then kicking him away. All the spectators were wide eyed at what was happening.

"What the hell is up with that speed?" Kotarou shouted.



* * *



Gohan noticed something different in the air. He focused on Negi's ki and noticed that it had spiked up incredibly but something wasn't right. What is happening? thought Gohan to himself. What is going on over there? However, his attention became focused on the fight against the Legendary Super Saiyan.

Gohan spun as he flew back, halting himself seconds later. With that done, he then hurled himself forward, charging at Broli. The Legendary Super Saiyan was getting to his feet just as Gohan was coming down at him. Glaring up, the Legendary Super Saiyan saw Gohan bring his left fist about and, with a yell, threw a hook at his face. Broli received the powerful blow, but his head only moved slightly with no pain felt. It was like trying to hit a brick wall for Gohan, a shockwave ringing out on the impact of his fist. The demi-saiyan's knuckles buried into Broli's right cheek, only to be pulled back when there had been no damage percentage applied. The Legendary Super Saiyan grinned after the fist was removed, leaving Gohan stunned. Taking his lapse in attention as an advantage, Broli brought his left fist up and threw a punch at his opponent. The blow landed clean on across the demi-saiyan's face, Gohan letting out a yell of pain as he was knocked senseless and staggered. The Legendary Super Saiyan then floated up, throwing a right hook across his opponent's face and then a left upper cut, all of them aimed for Gohan's head. This combination was followed up by a powered up, right down strike, a left upper cut and then a right hook. These blows were swift, powerful and precise, all of them managing to stagger Gohan before he was knocked flying by the last hook. The demi-saiyan spun out of control as he hurled backwards through the air, yelling at the top of his lungs.

Seeing his target slipping into the distance, Broli smirked and brought his left hand up a bit. With his palm open and fingers extended, he fired off a barrage of green ki balls. The attacks soared through the air after their disabled target, closing in on him fast. Gohan wasn't about to get beat again. So flipping back into position, he halted himself sharply and returned to a defensive stance, watching the energy balls heading towards him. He glowered, waiting for a moment till they were within range. When they were, he began deflecting them in all directions, backslapping them. After the entire barrage of 10 ki balls were dispensed with, Gohan turned back to the main task. He saw Broli still floating in the distance in front of the raging fires he had drifted out of. He calculated his opponent to be at least 300 meters away. So, he prepared to attack. But just as he had dropped into a fighting stance, he saw Broli disappear and then reappear directly in front of him, charging. Gohan gasped, and wasn't quick enough to act when the Legendary Super Saiyan suddenly elbowed him in the stomach, sending him flying again. This time, instead of watching his opponent fly off, Broli pursued.

He appeared above Gohan, sending punishing blows into him as he continued hurling backwards through the air. Gohan, managing to hold his own, took the painful blows, from elbows, to knees, to over hooked punches. The Legendary Super Saiyan, though lacking in style and art technique, as well as being overly big, was with no doubt strong and fast. After several more blows as the two of them flew on, Broli then decided to finish this battle. He grabbed Gohan's right leg with his right hand, swinging the young demi-saiyan about and throwing him straight down towards the ground. Gohan crashed head on, forming a massive crater with the very force of impact. The unstable ground also continued to crumble, the earth being unable to handle the power from both warriors.

Gohan disappeared amongst the rubble that piled on top of him as he became buried by the soft ground. Broli grinned, bringing his right hand back and powering up his signature move. With the green ball of ki formed, he pitched it forward, the ki ball shooting straight into the center of the crater where Gohan sunk into. There was a flash of light and a bolt of blue electricity when the ki ball suddenly exploded, erupting into a green fireball that consumed the whole area. When the ball of fire appeared, it then burst out, energy lost and deforming into a cloud of black smoke. With that, Broli let out a howling, evil laugh.

But then, just as Broli was moving into a new fit of laughter, he suddenly saw the center of the newly formed, smoking crater below, explode. A white aura appeared, burning fiercely. His laughter ceased then and there, his expression looking surprised. He heard a bellowing yell that grew with volume as the aura intensified, and then, in a show of force, a whole ton of rubble was blown away, the crater torn apart as Gohan surfaced again. Still in Mystic form, the battle scarred warrior glared up at his opponent, seeing him glaring back in surprise. Gohan's clothes were a wreck, his entire top gone, revealing his muscular form underneath. His dogi pants were still good, except with tears around the knees. He was also really damaged out the outside as well: bruises, cuts, burns and scrapes donned all over his top half and face, blood leaking out of the corner of his mouth and forehead, which had a really deep, cut bruise. Even so, he was still fighting strong. Reaching up with his right hand, he wiped away the trickle of blood and took in a breath of air before raising his power level. The aura around him shrunk down to regular, but flared dangerously. With that, he disappeared into super speed. Broli growled and followed, also powering up and taking to super speed.

More shockwaves then began to ring out, another brawl springing up between the two. They flew through the air at amazing speeds, speeds beyond a normal person's sight. You couldn't even see any blurs, or any form of the two Saiyan warriors. All there was to be seen was the series of sonic explosions ringing out throughout the skies. The skies trembled beneath their might and the ground on which they stood upon crumbled. If this fight wasn't decided soon, then the entire earth might as well collapse.



* * *



"Oh no…it's magic berserk." Chamo mumbled while the girls were still trying to do magic to escape their prison.

"Magic berserk!' all of the girls shouted.

"It happens when he loses all control over his magic, just like the first time he fought Eva, due to his inexperience. But this is just too reckless!" Negi then delivered another punch, making Wilhelm plummet to the ground. Using his staff to fly, Negi held onto it with one hand and flew towards his opponents falling form.

"HAHAHAHA!" Wilhelm laughed hysterically. "Yes, yes! This is how you fight. This is how the son of the Thousand Master should be!"

Kotarou was watching the scene shaking. "Negi is strong…but this isn't how fighting should be…"

Negi was about to attack again as Wilhelm turned into his demon form ready to petrify the boy.

"Negi!" Asuna shouted. Negi snapped out of his attack as he saw Wilhelm about to strike. There was a crash and he was on the floor. Negi looked around and saw that Kotarou had brought him down, but managed to get hurt. Getting up Kotarou cocked his hand and punched Negi on the back of his head.

"You idiot!" Kotarou shouted.

"Ko-ko-Kotarou-kun?" Negi stuttered rubbing the part he hit.

"You idiot! You're magic is strong, but if you head in like that you're asking for him to counterattack! I know you are strong but that was your worst fighting ever! You didn't look at the situation and failed to even get him! Even I can beat you down any day if you fight like that! And here I thought you were smart! I don't know what is going on between you two, but you got mad by him easily!" Negi was shaking due to the chewing out Kotarou was giving him. "You brat!" Kotarou then pinched his cheek and pulled. "You dumbass!" Negi then began to wiggle around in pain.

Asuna let out a sigh of relief, while the other girls began to work on their magic again.

"Remember I am on the same side as you, so let's beat this old guy together okay?" Kotarou told Negi as he put a supportive hand on his shoulder.

"Hai. You're right Kotarou-kun," Negi the looked forward, his resolved fixed.

"It looks like you have a good partner there, but do you two think you can seriously beat me?" Wilhelm asked them.

"Negi can you use that strong move again?"

"I'm not sure but let's try."

Inside the water bubble the girls were trying to chant the spell but multiple people were doing it at the same time. "It doesn't matter who says it. We just need someone to do it once. If we can cast a little fire we can use Konoka's powers to increase it!" Nodoka nodded and said the chant. A small flame came out of the wand and drew upon Konoka's magic to expand. The slime sisters turned around and were shocked.

"Not good!" Pudding said. "stop them!"

"Oh no were too late!" Amee replied as the bubble burst releasing the scantily clad girls.

"Good now everyone do as I told you!" Chamo said and all the girls split up. Yue and Nodoka grabbed the bottle, while Konoka chanted a spell to free Setsuna, Ku Fei burst the one Chizuru was in with a punch.

"Yo! Sorry to keep you waiting Asuna!" Kazumi said.

"Asakura!" Asuna chirped as the red head took the pendant off of her neck.

"We won't let you get away with this!" the slime sisters shouted as they went to attack.

"Nodoka now!" Yue told her best friend. They got the bottle in front of them and aimed it at the trio of demons. "Demon Sealing Bottle!" The demon girls were promptly absorbed into the bottle.

"Alright!" Kotarou and Negi shouted. Negi then turned to Kotarou. "I still have a trick up my sleeve, but I need you to distract him for me."

"Tch, don't look down on me. It's you I should worry about," Kotarou replied smirking.

"Hahaha! Bring it on!" Wilhelm replied getting into his stance.

"What are you laughing? In case you have forgotten you aren't protected against our magic anymore!" Kotarou made five clones of himself and attacked with Ki infused fists, while Negi chanted his spell.

"Heh get lost Kotarou!" Wilhelm replied, punching all of the clones and the real one. He then turned towards Negi. "The one I am after is Negi!" he opened his mouth to shoot out a beam, when he saw a faint light coming from below him.

"You should be looking down here you geezer!" Kotarou said as he readied a Ki enhanced attack. He did an uppercut, which had enough force to lift up Wilhelm from the ground. Negi continued that attack with a lightening enhanced elbow to the gut.

"Come forth of thunder from space and mow down my enemy! Thunder Axe!" Negi did the spell and slammed it into the demon, thus finishing the fight against Wilhelm.

Negi then stood before Wilhelm. "Aren't you gonna give me the final blow?" asked Wilhelm. "If I'm left like this, I might just return to my home country and maybe after I've recuperated and recovered, I'll come back again you know?"

"I…" said Negi.

"I've checked on you already," said Wilhelm. "The last spell out of the nine combat spells you learnt before you came to Japan, that high leveled ancient magic….should be for 'that' spell right?" He coughed up some blood before he spoke again. "That spell which is used to exterminate high-level demons like me who can only be stopped by sealing…you learnt it with the mindset of avenging your fellow villagers."

Negi was silent for a while. Then he spoke with clarity in his voice, "I…I…won't give you the final blow. True, six years ago you were summoned to, but you did not harm any of the hostages today. Thinking back, I really didn't feel that you gave your best to fight. To me, people like you…"

"So what?" said Wilhelm. "For all you know, I might just be an evil villain…why else would I be a demon?"

"Even so," responded Negi, "I still won't attack." Wilhelm saw the stubborn face of a matured person who will only get stronger as time goes by.

Wilhelm chuckled. "Negi-kun, what an honest fellow you are." He then pointed towards Konoka and said, "That lady, Konoka, she has terrifying and powerful magical powers. She may just become the world's ultimate healer with ample training. Should she become that strong in the future, perhaps she can even save the villagers whom I petrified back then. Of course, how long it will take, I'm not sure myself." Then Wilhelm disappeared and left some parting words before he escaped, "I gotta thank you, Negi-kun. I can't wait for the day that I get to fight when you are all grown up so don't disappoint me young man!"

Laughter was heard in the distance as everyone stared in the sky. "Finally, it's over," said Asuna, hoping to get out of those skimpy clothes that Wilhelm made her wear.

"We can't leave just yet Asuna!" said Konoka. "Gohan-kun is still fighting. We have to help him."

Negi and Asuna nodded in agreement. "Let's get going then." All of them nodded as they grabbed whatever clothes they could find and headed towards where the loud explosions were happening.



* * *



"Damn," muttered Gohan as he was on one knee, panting for air but not too heavily. Broli was doing the same thing as well. Both of them have been exchanging blows and ki blasts. The two warriors were scratched up everywhere. However, the battle was starting to favor Broli due to his power increasing as the fight dragged on. Gohan finally stood up and dashed towards his enemy. He went up in the air and put his two hands together above his head and yelled, "MASENKO HAA!"

A large yellow beam of ki crashed down on Broli who took full force. The dust disappeared, revealing an unhurt Broli. The Legendary Super Saiyan smiled and dashed toward the demi-saiyan, clotheslining him. Gohan spurt out some blood as the blow had almost nearly taken off his head.

Gohan turned around and stared at Broli. "I need to do something fast. His power keeps increasing as we keep fighting," said the demi-saiyan as he dashed forward and launched a series of punches and kicks at Broli. Broli tried to block and dodge the blows, but they were coming so fast that he had no time to. He kept on receiving blows until finally he collected his ki and formed a ball that protected him. This ball knocked Gohan back as well.

Gohan fired a series of ki balls at the sphere, causing explosions upon hitting the sphere. "HAAA!" he yelled as he continued to fire the volleys of ki blasts.

Negi and the group continued running towards where Gohan and Broli were fighting. On the way there, they noticed the amount of destruction and damage that these two warriors had produced. "Wow," said Kotarou, impressed by the damage that they had caused.

They kept on running until finally they reached inside a building and went to an upper floor to get a good view of the fight. They had just gotten to part where Gohan was sending a series of volleys of ki attacks at Broli and then disappeared.

Reappearing in mid-flight, Gohan charged forward, teeth gritted and a serious expression in play. At the very moment he appeared, he disappeared into super speed again. The same went for Broli; he blurred into focus but then vanished a split second later. The two of them had sighted one another and were charging, hurling through the air before connecting elbows in the center. A massive shockwave rang out, accompanied by sparks of electricity as the two locked themselves in that position. Broli has his left elbow held out, just like Gohan. The two of them glared at each other, the Legendary Super Saiyan smirking whereas the weaker, Mystic Gohan bit tooth and nail to hold his position. Just as the two attacked, they then flashed into super speed, leaving no trace of them behind. More shockwaves came, explosions moving through the sky and then towards the ground far below.

Seconds into this mode of fight, there was a boom of thunder and a flash of lightning that shot down towards the earth. Well…it was thought to have been lightning. But then, that bolt of electricity turned out to be Gohan, who suddenly appeared on the ground where the lightning bolt struck. Dropped into a fighting stance, he glared up into the sky, seeing his opponent also make a surprise appearance.

Broli was charging straight at him, left hand held forward and right hand held back. But just as it appeared he would be continuing on this trek, the area around him turned green and the energy was sucked into his right hand. Clenching his fist, he threw his attack forward, throwing another ki ball straight down at Gohan. This one ripped through the air, hurling in a straight line for its target. It was a good follow through though. Gohan growled and placed his hands at his forehead, one on top of the other. With a quick power up, even though his aura didn't spring up around him, a golden orb of energy formed in his forward palm. When his attack was charged, he threw both hands forward, yelling, "MASENKO HAAAAAAAA!" The yellow blast shot out from his grasp, impacting at close quarters with Broli's attack and locking in a tug-of-war match between the two. Seconds later, after a brief battle to overpower the other, with no avail, the two attacks exploded! The flash of light and colossal force of the exploding energy attacks blinded all views of the damages made. It was replaced by a cloud of smoke, accompanied by a shower of sparks.

Broli floated up high, glaring down at the explosion that had just occurred. He knew his opponent was alright, but he didn't do anything just yet. A moment later, as the cloud of smoke began to lift, Gohan shot out of it, aura flaring to full capacity to increase his speed. With a yell, he flew up at Broli, right hand held out. The Legendary Super Saiyan responded by throwing his left hand out at his approaching opponent, a green energy ball appearing and growing. A golden ball of ki formed in Gohan's forward hand and, just as they came within striking distance, they both fired their blasts at each other, only for the two attacks to squish into each other and explode. The two of them were caught within the blast radius, yet weren't affected in the least. Floating out of the cloud of smoke, Gohan yelled and spun about in the air, launching a backwards roundhouse kick at his opponent. Broli also came into view, holding up his right arm and blocking the kick. He retaliated by then moving forward and throwing a jab at Gohan. By the time Broli attacked, the young warrior was already backing into a stance, meaning he was able to catch the incoming fist in two hands and hold it in place. The smoke around them was blown away, thanks to the force they both displayed and unleashed.

Gohan pushed Broli's fist away and hurled at him, bringing his right fist up and throwing it across his opponent's face. Broli received the punch, with the same effect occurring just like last time. Gohan managed to draw his fist back and then come at his opponent with a left roundhouse kick, sending it across his face. Like hitting a brick wall again, it didn't work, only making his head move to the side a bit.

The blows, though precise and effective, were still nothing against the Legendary Super Saiyan. But Gohan wasn't going to give up yet. He moved forward, spinning around and sending a side kick at Broli's face, which struck home but didn't stagger him. After which the young Saiyan kicked off of his opponent and flew back, raising his right hand towards the large Legendary Super Saiyan and fire a basic ki blast. Broli caught the blast in his hand, absorbed it into a ball and then crushed it, expression serious. Then with a yell, he brought his right hand back and threw it forward, unleashing a rare to be seen ki blast. The large blast expanded in size as it flew at Gohan, to who flew around it to avoid its deadly spearhead. As it continued to rip through the air from its source, Gohan flew up the length of the attack, getting to the user of the attack as fast as possible. Broli looked up in surprise, seeing his opponent fly at him and then leap higher into the air in his attack path. Bringing his right hand back, Gohan charged up a rather large ki beam. Using his momentum to launch his attack, the young Saiyan pivoted through the air and threw his hand forward, unleashing his attack with a yell.

The blast consumed Broli, enveloping him and continuing on with an explosion. The tremendous explosion that impacted against the target had some backlash, knocking Gohan back who looked up in shock. Broli's blast had dissipated at the launch of his attack, but the only problem was he was still alive. The smoke cleared, revealing the Legendary Super Saiyan floating in the same spot as usual, smirking wildly without a scratch. He chuckled evilly, eyes shimmering.

Gohan floated back, watching as his opponent took a stance in preparation for his next assault. Broli powered up, laughing loudly as he applied all his energy into a forward barrier. A green flash of light occurred as his shield shot up around him and, like a wild bull, he shot forward with a roar of anger. He tackled Gohan full on with his shield, his knee driving forward to making his attack more effective. The blow was enough to knock Gohan flying back, the demi-saiyan letting out a cry of agony as he was blown away. Broli grinned, stopping and watching his opponent plummet to his doom. However, Gohan was able to correct himself in mid-air. Broli scowled down at Gohan, seeing him return to a proper standing position.

"Your persistence is annoying…Kakarotto!" With that said, Broli powered up and flew straight down at Gohan throwing a left jab at him. The young Saiyan fazed into super speed and appeared several yards away to Broli's left. The Legendary Super Saiyan continued his assault, pursuing Gohan. This time when he reached him, he threw a right hook, only for Gohan to blur out of focus. Because of Broli's lack of balance and proper technique, he staggered forward with that hook when he ended up missing his target.

Gohan reappeared behind him, rearing his left leg back and taking a proper, balanced position. When Broli turned around, he ended up getting kicked across the face. The blow caused a shockwave, electricity crackling off of the Legendary Super Saiyan's cheek where he was hit. With a grin in response to his opponent's attack, Broli fisted his left hand and sent it at Gohan, striking him straight in the face. Gohan cried in agony from the blow and was sent staggering back through the air. Broli honed in on his assault, throwing a right, straight punch into Gohan's stomach and then a left punch into his stomach again. Instead of bringing his fist back, he opened up his palm and fired a ki ball at close range. The explosion that rang out was tremendous, almost tearing up Gohan inside and out as he was hurled back through the air, spinning out of control.

As he fell, Gohan was able to recover, and despite suffering third degree burns around his mid-section, was able to counterattack. Sighting his opponent floating in the same spot where he was blasted away, Gohan threw both his hands forward and, without the need for a fully concentrated power up, fired off a scattered volley shot. A series of golden ki blasts shot out of his palms, soaring through the air and straight for his opponent. Broli grinned as he watched the barrage approach him.

Broli growled, and then grinned, as he powered up his shield. The barrage hit on target, explosion coursing along the shield. Gohan continued to fire away, hoping that the shield would be broken. But it wasn't as the shield started to expand, making Gohan fall back. Broli's power seemed to continue to rise with every little movement.

"HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!" laughed the crazed Legendary Super Saiyan. Gohan flinched, retaining his stance. Suddenly, in a quick surprise attack, the Legendary Super Saiyan threw his right hand out and up, unleashing another energy slash. The attack curved through the air, forcing Gohan to dive down. Dropping quickly out of the skies, the demi-saiyan headed towards the ground, landing on solid earth seconds after his evasion. When he did, he glared up, seeing Broli floating up high and laughing maniacally.

"Do you think I'm going to get beaten by a whelp like you?" Broli shouted, fisting his hands and taking a powering up stance. His green aura exploded around him, accompanied his powerful, unbreakable shield. Both expanded at a phenomenal rate, sizzling with green lightning that shot around him.

"This is incredible," said Negi. He started to feel a little small, not in stature but in power. His fight with Wilhelm was like comparing an ant to a car. Kotarou was feeling the same as well.

Broli smiled and laughed manically. He then sped up and clotheslined Gohan again with his left arm. Gohan was knocked back and then Broli grabbed Gohan's head and sent him down to the ground with a loud thud. It created another huge crater. Everyone gasped at the sight. Broli laughed even louder. However, his laughter stopped when beams of light penetrated through the cracks of the crater. An explosion occurred and a hurt Gohan came out, a blazing white aura surrounding him.

Broli clenched his teeth in anger. "Why won't you die…KAKAROTTO?" He let out a loud yell that shook the entire area. He started to collect ki around his body again.

Gohan stared at his opponent, panting. "Gohan!" screamed everyone. Gohan flinched. He turned his head, looked upwards and saw his friends. Gohan clenched his fists in anger. He took this fight away from them and now they were here!

"Dammit Negi-san!" screamed Gohan. "I told you after your fight to get everyone as far away as possible!"

"But Gohan-san…" said Negi, trembling. Gohan never screamed or yelled at Negi for any reason. Gohan was putting out a huge amount of killing intent to which Negi was not accustomed to.

"I gave you one order Negi-san!" Gohan yelled angrily. "One order! I told you to get away from here!"

"But I…"said Negi.

"You baka Gohan!" screamed Asuna. She was furious. "Negi came all the way here to see if you were ok and all you got to say is that! He was worried sick about you and so were we!"

Gohan snapped out of his anger as he realized that this situation was familiar to the fight on Namek. When his father was fighting against Freeza, he had come to his father to aid him but he didn't need to. He was worried though. Gohan let out a smirk. "I'm sorry Asuna-san, Negi-san."

"Good then. Now Gohan, beat this jerk so we can all go home!" said a smiling Asuna.

Gohan nodded. He went up in the air to Broli's level. "Listen Broli, let's end this fight right here and now."

Broli smiled and laughed manically. "HAHAHAHAHA! You're all going to die right here…Kakarotto!" He collected all the ki that was around his body and put it in his hand. He then threw at Gohan but instead of hitting him, the ball went downwards…towards Negi and everyone else! Gohan cursed himself as he sped as fast as he could to stop the ball from hitting them.

Gohan then appeared in front of them, batting away the ki ball. However, it wasn't enough as the ki ball floated slowly in fronted in them. Gohan clenched his teeth as stretched out his arms. He let out a loud yell as he expelled out his ki to block the incoming blast from the ki ball that floated before them. Then there was a large explosion.

BOOOOM!

Everyone was sent back, crashing into the wall of the partially destroyed building. Asuna was the one flying the furthest and was about to fall off the building. Luckily someone grabbed her before she fell to the ground.

"Huh?" Asuna whipped off her tears to see that it was Piccolo who grabbed her. "Piccolo!"

"It's good to see you again," said Piccolo as he brought her back and let go of her onto the building floor. Asuna looked up and saw Kotarou, Negi and the girls safe from injury due to the timely intervention of Goten and Trunks. He also noticed that the roof of the building was taken apart due to the blast. Negi then moved his eyes towards where Gohan was before and saw that Gohan was on the ground, panting heavily. His whole body was covered with injuries. His clothes completely torn. The only thing that remained was his dogi pants but they were becoming more like shorts than long pants.

"Piccolo, you've got help Gohan!" said Asuna.

"I can't," said Piccolo with a serious face.

"But why not? You're his sensei, you should be able to defeat that monster!" yelled Asuna.

"Gohan stopped being my student the moment he became stronger than me," responded Piccolo. Asuna couldn't believe it. Why wasn't Piccolo going to help his student? That monster was incredibly strong! Gohan was going to die! Maybe Goten could help then. But before she moved to talk to him, Piccolo stopped her, "I told Goten not to help him."

Asuna then looked at Goten and saw him shaking terribly and clenching his fists in frustration. She immediately knew that he really wanted to help out his brother. "But why? Why can't he help out his brother?"

"Because," replied the Namekian, "this is Gohan's fight. He is protecting you and everyone here with all his might."

Gohan panted heavily as he clenched his fists in anger. He put a lot of his energy in that block and now his ki was running low. He stared at Broli who got on top of a nearby building. Broli continued to laugh and said, "Hahahahaha! Time to end this Kakarotto!" He put out his hand and collected a few ki balls in the palm of his hand.

Gohan knew what was coming next. He cupped his hands and bent his knees, and then he put his hands to the side. He spoke with a loud voice, "KAME…HAME…"

Broli smiled as he threw the small ki ball at Gohan. "Now you die!" The small ki ball sped towards Gohan position.

Gohan knew he had to strike and he did. "HAAA!" He pushed his cupped hands forward, sending out a blue stream of ki towards the green ki ball. Upon impact, the green ki ball had transformed into a gigantic ki bomb, clashing with the Kamehame-Ha wave! The ki bomb kept pushing back the wave towards Gohan's position as the rocks began to rise from the ground. The earth started to form cracks and heavy winds were being produced.

A beam struggle ensued. Gohan tried to push back as much as he could but Broli's ki bomb was just too powerful. Gohan growled, his feet digging into the earth with his arms still held up, shaking as he kept his arms in place. The amount of energy he was putting into the spearhead of his attack was immense, and it was hard for him to keep his own balance since he was pitted against an incredible force. Broli was also trying hard, putting all his effort into his shield to protect him from the attack. As he did so, he continued floating forward, finding it hard to with the opposing force. As this went on, the plateaus, hillsides, and buidlings around them turned to rubble and fell to the ground, as if kneeling before their might. The skies shook as well, a hurricane formation appearing above the two of them with lightning raining down onto the battlefield. To add to this, the planet itself shook.

Pouring more energy into his blast, Gohan's aura suddenly flashed pure white. Powering up more, Gohan sent more energy into his attack, his whole body trembling with the effort. As hard as he tried, he found that he couldn't breach Broli's barrier. Even if he was creating a dent in it, he couldn't force him back. It was too much…

Everyone could only but watch hopelessly at their inevitable fate as Asuna fell to her knees and hugged herself in fear. Konoka and Setsuna hugged each other as well and were trembling with fear. Yue and Nodoka also hugged each other. Chizuru grabbed Kotarou like a mother would do for a child when facing imminent death. Piccolo, Negi, Goten and Trunks were the only ones standing.

"It's all over. He can't win," Asuna said softly, crying. "That guy is too strong for him." This was going to be the end and she didn't get the chance to confess to Takahata-sensei or even to Gohan for that matter.

"That is not true," said Goten confidently, which brought confusion to Asuna's face. How could this boy, younger than her and Negi, be so confident? "Onii-chan will win this fight!"

"He definitely will! Gohan-san can do it! He is much stronger than the last time we faced him," Trunks responded in agreement. Piccolo gave a gruff in agreement. Asuna couldn't believe that these people.

"What makes you so sure? What makes you so sure that Gohan will win?" Asuna asked. "He is fighting against a freak! How could he possibly win?"

"Because he is my son," spoke a voice. Everyone turned around to see Son Goku standing before them, wearing his orange and blue dogi. He had his usual Son grin on his face. He walked forward to the edge of the building. "He is a hero in his own right. All he needs is to hear his friends cheering him on."

Asuna and everyone stopped shaking. They immediately knew what Goku meant. Gohan was fighting to protect them! Negi was the first one to speak up, "Gohan-san, you can do it!"

Gohan, as he was trying to hold back Broli's attack, heard Negi's scream. "N-N-Negi-san?"

"You can do it Gohan-kun!" said a voice.

"Konoka-san?"

"Do it Gohan-sensei!" said another.

"Setsuna-san?"

"Beat that guy Gohan-nii-san!"

"Kotarou-san?"

"Go Gohan-sensei!"

"Nodoka-san? Yue-san?"

Gohan kept on hearing the cheers from everyone. What has gotten to everyone? Then he heard someone that he didn't expect to hear. "Beat that guy you baka! And when you are done, I will have a huge meal ready for you!"

"Asuna-san?" said Gohan. Then it hit him. That's right, he said to himself, If I…if I let him win…then this…this entire planet, my friends, and the millions of other planets…they'll…they'll all cease to exist! He'll ravage this universe…killing billions! I CAN'T LET THAT HAPPEN! I WON'T LET THAT HAPPEN! If I do…then I would have failed everyone! I…will…not…LOOOOOOSSEEEEE! Gohan's eyes then turned to determined ones.

"Hey Gohan, wanna switch?" asked Goku as he leaned over the edge.

"No thanks Dad. I have this under control," said Gohan as he started to power up. He stared at Broli and said, "Broli, you are powerful. But I am more powerful than you because…" The ground around him started to shake as his aura picked up again.

Broli laughed at the struggle and was going to end it when he shot more shots to help push the ki bomb towards Gohan. However, the ball wasn't moving at all. His smile turned sour as he shot some more ki blasts into the ball. Nothing was happening! Then he heard a voice in the air.

"Because…!" it was Gohan's voice shouting in the air. "Because I have my friends beside me and that is all the power that I need! KAIO-KEN!"

A red aura started to engulf Gohan as it was similar to his ki aura that he usually had. This had caught everyone by surprise. Negi saw Gohan do this before during the fight against Hildegarn. He gulped, praying for Gohan's well-being after what happened during that fight. But he didn't need to worry as Gohan had successfully grasped the Kaio-ken technique.

With the extra power provided by the Kaio-ken, Gohan pushed all his newfound power into the beam, expanding it. "Now! HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!" In an awesome display of fiery warrior spirit and strength, Gohan sent a huge portion of energy into his blast, his red aura expanding and growing fiercer. With the amount of energy he pushed into the blast, a massive bulge of energy ran up the stream, striking the spear tip end and forcing Broli and his large energy shield back. The beam went through the ki bomb and on towards Broli's position.

"Kakarotto!" said Broli as he launched more of his green ki shots to stop the wave but it wasn't stopping. He then put up his ki shield but instead of protecting him, the wave engulfed him and taking him along for the ride. The wave shot up in the sky with Broli screaming, "KAKAROTTO!"

The beam when into space and eventually hit the sun as Broli was engulfed by the flames of the sun and the wave. He was no more. The battle was finally over.

On Earth, the skies cleared up and the sun was rising. Gohan was still standing, panting heavily. Once he felt Broli's ki gone, Gohan let out a smile and relaxed, back to his normal state. He fell to the ground with a thud, with his back on top of the ground as he panted for air with a big smile on his face.

Everyone came down from the building and went running towards where Gohan laid. "Gohan!"

Gohan sat up but was having trouble due to the strain of using the Kaio-ken. "H-Hey guys!" He was then hugged hard by everyone especially by Goten and Negi.

"That was so scary Onii-chan!" cried a teary-eyed Goten. "I thought you were going to be killed."

Gohan let out a warming grin. "Nothing can kill me Goten…ouch!" Gohan was hit on the head by Asuna who had an ominous aura behind her. "What was that for?"

Asuna hugged him which caught him by surprise. "For worrying Negi and me, you baka." She then started to cry as Gohan warped his arm around her shoulder to let her know that it is safe.

Piccolo and Goku still stood on the building as they looked on at Gohan and his interaction with everyone else. "You know Son," said Piccolo. "You could have intervened at any time. I know you felt Broli's ki the moment the demon had brought him from the underworld. Why didn't you go out and fight him instead of letting Gohan do it?"

"Because Piccolo, I can't always pop up to help out Gohan's fights," said Goku. "I think Gohan needed this wakeup call to get more motivation to train even harder. After all, the coming fights will test him hard as well as his group of friends."

"I see," Piccolo said with a smile. He knew that Goku always had a reason to let him do these things. But to think that a demon such as Wilhelm knew about Broli was troubling.

"You are thinking about how Wilhelm found and brought Broli to here right?" Goku asked.

"You are very perceptive Son," replied Piccolo. "If a demon like Wilhelm could summon Broli, who knows what other beings could be summoned? I would hate to imagine Cell, Freeza, Majin Boo or even Hatchiyack for being summoned that matter."

"I agree," said Goku. He then turned his eyes towards Asuna who was laughing with Goten, Trunks and Negi at something that someone said. "The battle has just begun for Gohan and his friends."



* * *



The next day…

Negi was sitting on the railing in front of the world tree. He was recalling all those events that happened yesterday. The fight with Wilhelm and watching Son Gohan fight off a monster like Broli. It was just unbelievable.

"Hey Negi-san!" Gohan called as he approached. Negi turned around to greet him but was surprised to see Kotarou talking animatedly with Gohan. When Kotarou saw Negi, he went up to him.

"Yo!" He greeted. "Listen I was released from prison due to this incident! I've spoken to the warden already!" Kotarou told him.

"However the warden asked me to keep an eye on him just in case anything goes down," Gohan informed Negi. He then looped a hand over Kotarou's head and patted him on the head. When all was done, Gohan looked to Negi and said. "I'm sorry that I couldn't help much. I really wanted, I…"

"It's okay Gohan-san. Because of that I got to see how strong I really am as well as have made my decision."

"Oh and what is that?" Gohan asked curiously.

"I'm going to be a magic swordsman!"

"Oh really now?" Gohan asked with a knowing smirk, Kotarou followed suit.

"It felt right fighting like that, especially when helping out my friend. I want to be strong. Just like you, Gohan-san." Gohan smiled at that comment.

"That's great! Because real men should fight with their fists!" Kotarou exclaimed pumping up his hands.

"Negi-san I want you to know something," Gohan said in a serious manner. "Kotarou-san told me what happened with your Magic Berserk. What Wilhelm said was wrong. One should not fight for oneself. The true way to get strong is if one fights for their precious people. Just like when you helped me defeat Broli back there. Remember that okay?" When Negi nodded, the serious Gohan disappeared as he put his Son grin. "That's great! Now let's eat!" As soon as he said that, his stomach grumbled loudly, causing Gohan to blush a bit. "And soon!" All of them laughed.

From behind a building Setsuna, Konoka and Asuna were looking at the trio fool around. "It seems like everything is back to normal," Setsuna spoke out loud. Asuna and Konoka smiled nodding at the sentence.



* * *



Author's note: Hey everybody! Hope you guys enjoyed the chapter! I was thinking of having Negi and the group try to fight against Broli and help out our demi-saiyan hero but then I thought about how Broli doesn't know how to take it easy and could easily kill them, unlike with Hildegarn who was big and sloppy at times during the earlier fight. Anyways, I hope you guys enjoyed the final clash between Gohan and Broli. It was my intention to do that all along and having the Z senshi not participate as well. Hope you guys enjoyed it. I'll post up the results of the poll later on. I want to wait for a while to see what the consensus is.

Keep the reviews coming! I enjoy having them and reading them! See you guys next week! Peace!





*Chapter 20*: Prepare for some fun!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. Dragon Ball belongs to Akira Toriyama and Negima! Magister Negi Magi belongs to Ken Akamatsu.

Author's note: Hey everybody! How are you guys doing? Hope everyone had a good week. I'm glad that a lot of people liked the introduction of Broli. Don't worry, he won't be the only DB villain that is going to show up in this series. Trust me on this. Oh, one of my fans, SSJ5-Gohan has posted the video of the first opening. Check out my profile for the link. It is actually a really good video.

By the way, with this new chapter I am changing to a new opening. I have posted new photoshop pictures on my profile page in case you guys are interested but basically the new opening is one that we DBZ fans know so well...the CHA-LA-HEAD-CHA-LA song! Best DBZ song ever! Just listen to that opening from Chapter 20 till I say so every time you read Saiyan in Mahora. You know, like as in an intro. I haven't thought about an ending though. I welcome any suggestions. Be sure to tell me the name of the song and where it comes from in the review section.

I want to thank naioka1992 for being my beta! She is awesome! Anyways, let me present to you guys Chapter 20 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 20: Prepare for some fun! Countdown to the Mahora Festival!

Gohan got up earlier than usual. Taking a few clothes from one of the capsules he brought with him, he left the room and looked the door. He then went outside of the dormitories and flew away to the waterfalls. There he trained a bit through some katas as well as practice a bit using the Kaio-ken. After an hour, he decided to head back to the dormitories to get ready for classes. Looking around to make sure no one was around he quickly went to the bath house and took a short but refreshing bath.

Gohan was on the way to school and saw Negi, Asuna and Konoka running on the main street. He noticed something differently about Negi as he started to run right next to them. "Hi everyone!" Gohan said as he waved at the group.

"Gohan-san! Good morning!" Negi waved. Gohan frowned a bit. Something is definitely not right with Negi-san, Gohan said to himself.

"Hi Gohan-kun!" Konoka waved ecstatically while Asuna was avoiding his face. Gohan was curious to why though but he let it slide for now. "How are you today?"

"I'm doing fine," Gohan replied with his usual Son grin. "I did some training this morning which helped me relax."

"That's good to hear," Negi said with a fake smile. Underneath the smile though, Negi started to have some worries about what happened during the fight against Wilhelm. He hoped he would find the answer himself. However, his fake smile didn't escape Gohan as he started to get more worried.

"You idiot," Asuna said while avoiding Gohan's face. "You shouldn't push yourself too much."

"Don't worry about it Asuna-san," Gohan responded with a smile. "I have everything under control."

"Negi! Gohan-nii-san! Hey!" screamed a voice. Gohan and Negi turned their heads towards the direction of the voice. There was a crowd of people in that direction, but among those masses was a familiar mop top of hair that both Negi and Gohan could see. It was Kotarou! "Hiya!"

"Kotarou-kun!" yelled Negi. "Good morning!"

"Good morning Kotarou-san," waved Gohan as the group walked up to the hanyou. "What's with the uniform?"

"I thought I'd transfer here. You know, officially," Kotarou said with a cool smile.

"You what?" Negi asked.

"Well, sure! There's you, Gohan-nii-san, and Setsuna, and lots of other power-types here," explained Kotarou. "I'm even looking for own place too."

"Really? Your own place?" Negi said.

"You don't say," added Gohan before he noticed a familiar figure appeared, standing right behind the unsuspecting Kotarou. Then a looming atmosphere surrounded the figure known as Chizuru.

"Uh huh-huh-huh," chuckled the glinting Chizuru. "Oh, but Kota-a-arou…aren't you living with us?"

Kotarou flinched as he turned around to see Chizuru and Natsumi behind him. "Ch-Ch-Chizuru-nee-chan!" Kotarou trembled as he tried to run away. However, Chizuru had a firm grab of Kotarou's head. Gohan and Negi had curious looks on their faces.

"So you know our Kotarou, then, do you, Gohan-kun, Negi-sensei?" Chizuru asked.

Negi and Gohan both nodded in agreement. "That's right," they both replied.

"We've heard he has no family, poor thing," commented Chizuru as she grabbed Kotarou's head and laid it on her chest. Kotarou wailed his arms and blushed at being hugged by Chizuru's rather large bosom. "And that's why we've taken to our bosom, to raise him as our own!" Asuna and Gohan both sweatdropped at the scene while Negi just looked on with a dumbfounded look on his face.

Then suddenly Kotarou and Negi were bumped into by some ferocious creatures that awfully looked like demons that Negi and the group encountered during the Kyoto trip. Negi and Kotarou assumed their battle stances, ready to fight against these creatures. Gohan was about to fight as well, thinking that these were dangerous beings. However, upon closer inspection of their ki, Gohan felt that these creatures were different. Definitely not demon, Gohan said to himself, more like…human? What's going on?

Then a PA voice boomed across the campus. "This is the Festival Committee. All costumed students, please be sure to be in your seats no later than 8:00 A.M. Thank you." Then Gohan, Negi and Kotarou saw people dressed in costumes rushing along the road.

"What's going on?" asked Gohan. But his question was ignored as the girls looked at the running crowd like it was a usual thing.

"Those college-level costume otaku sure have a lot of energy," Asuna said.

"Wonder which festival they're dressing up for?" Chizuru added.

"Huh?" Both Negi and Gohan had questioning looks on their faces. But they soon were taken out it by the voice of Kotarou and the sound of an awed crowd.

"Negi, Gohan-nii-san, check that out!" Kotarou yelled as he pointed his finger to the sky. Gohan and Negi turned around to see what Kotarou was looking at and noticed something as well. There was a figure in the air, doing acrobats as she went from one hanging pole to another. It was Zazie Rainyday! She wore a leotard with the belly cut out, that made her look similar to a jester.

The PA voice boomed once again. "The Mahora Acrobat Club's 'Nightmare Circus' will be held every day of the festival from 6:30 P.M. Tickets are ¥1500 for adults, ¥1000 for student discount. See you there!" As Zazie did another acrobat move, she noticed Negi and Gohan in the corner of her eye. She jumped off her trapeze, did a flip and landed softly in front of Gohan, Negi and Kotarou. The crowd clapped and gasped in awe.

"Negi-sensei, Gohan-sensei," spoke the usually quiet girl as she held out two tickets. "We'd love to you two at our circus, if you both have the time."

Negi nodded. "Okay."

Gohan smiled as he shrugged his shoulders. "Sure, why not?" Zazie smiled. But of course, the smile was a professional one since she usually never shows any expression on her face.

After a few minutes of walking, Gohan, Kotarou and Negi all had curious looks on their faces. They all were wondering on what was going on. "What's going on here, anyway," Kotarou said.

"The academy festival!" Natsumi said.

"Academy festival?" Negi and Gohan asked.

Natsumi nodded. "We'll be doing it, soon enough…senseis? Your tickets." Negi and Gohan nodded as they grabbed the tickets. Gohan was still unsure what the festival was. He heard about them in his studies but he never had the chance to experience one in his school. There was one festival that was going on but it happened during the fight against Majin Boo where he was in the Kaioshin's planet, training with the Zeta Sword.

"Hey Negi, Gohan-nii-san! Look!" Kotarou shouted. Gohan and Negi ran up and stood alongside Kotarou as they looked up to see what Kotarou was looking at. Gohan and Negi both gaped open at the sight. Before them lay a partially constructed replica of the Arc de Triomphe. On the side of the gate there was a sign that said 'Days till Mahora Fest: 15…to go!'

"Mahora Fest?" Negi said with a curious look on his face.

"Hey mister!" said Kotarou to the nearest construction worker/student. "What's up with that gate?" Kotarou said as he pointed to the replica of the Arc de Triomphe.

The worker/student smiled. "It's the Festival Gate, of course. Pretty cool, huh?"

"Yow-w-w," awed Kotarou. "If that's the gate, what kind of place is this academy?"

After a few minutes walking around, Gohan and the group walked around the campus. They noticed a large assortment of booths being set up, each one done by a separate club. "It's still 15 days away, but look how excited everyone is," commented Konoka as she walked alongside Gohan closely.

"It's an academy-wide school festival," explain Chizuru. "Now that junior-high and high-school midterms are over, they're anxious to get started. Most of the booths run by the university-level clubs can make their entire year's budget, so of course they're really going all-out. There'll be games, food," Gohan's ears perked up, "souvenirs…you name it, they'll have it. It's like a huge party, really!"

"Wow, sounds like fun!" Gohan said happily as he was started to get excited for the festival, especially the food part. Maybe I should invite Dad, Goten and the others, Gohan said to himself. I'm sure they would have a lot of fun.

"You think so?" stated Chizuru. "Not only are this academy's students almost beyond counting, they're all quiet fond of their partying. So much so, in fact, they don't know when to stop! By the end of last year, for example, the academy-wide game of 'tag' alone took a tragic toll of nearly 10,000 casualties."

"DWAH! 10,000?" exclaimed Negi, Kotarou, Chamo, and Gohan, gaping at the sheer number.

Asuna meanwhile sweat-dropped, moving her hand in front of her like a fan. "Now, now – Don't lie."

Kotarou shook his head and put a smile on his face. This academy was getting interesting! "Well, whatever, it is that's going on, I am so glad I transferred here!" Kotarou shouted happily as he patted both of Gohan's and Negi's back. "Exciting isn't it? Isn't it, Negi, Gohan-nii-san?"

"It sure is!" Gohan replied happily with a nod. He couldn't wait for it. All the different assortment of foods available…Paradise! He was sure that his Dad and Goten would agree with him too.

"I…I guess so, yeah," replied hesitantly Negi, which drew the immediate attention of Gohan. Kotarou then saw a sign for the Academy Martial Arts Festival and started to pull Negi along to sign up. Gohan sighed. According to his eyes, Negi was not all right. Something was up. He turned his head and noticed Asuna had a questioning look on her face. Gohan wondered if she was thinking alongside the same lines as he was with Negi. He decided to ask her about it as they walked…or rather run to the school.

"Hey Asuna-san?" Gohan said, catching Asuna's attention. However once she did, she immediately blushed and turned away. Gohan started to wonder that something was wrong with Asuna but that wasn't important right now. "Is Negi-san all right? He seems like he is forcing himself a bit."

Asuna turned her head with a surprised look on her face. "You think so too?"

"Huh? You don't mean…"

"Yeah," Asuna interrupted. "I noticed it as well. I wonder what is going with Negi. Ever since that fight with Wilhelm and that Broli guy, he has been kind of distant from us. I'm worried."

Gohan frowned a bit. "I had talked with him earlier about fighting for your friends based on what Kotarou-san told me on what Wilhelm said. But I guess Negi-san is still hung up on it."

Asuna looked worried. "Is there anything that you can do Gohan?"

Gohan smiled, causing Asuna to blush a bit. "Don't worry Asuna-san. I'll take care of it."

Asuna nodded. "Thanks Gohan."



* * *



Inside Mahora Academy

Gohan and Negi were walking along the hallways of the academy as they were heading to the classroom. They had just come out from a teacher's meeting, discussing about what each class was going to do for the festival. "This must excite you, eh, aniki," Chamo commented as he rested on Negi's shoulder, "seeing as you never had this at your own school?"

"No, you're right," Negi said with a smile. Gohan frowned a bit. Negi was definitely forcing something. "I wonder if my own class will be. Gohan-san, did you do a festival when you were school?"

"Actually," pondered Gohan, "now that I think about it, there was one at my school after Tenkaichi Budokai but I couldn't attend to it."

"How come Gohan-aniisan?" asked the ermine.

"Well, it's a long story," Gohan replied with his Son grin and scratching the back of his neck. How could I tell them that I was in Kaioshin-sama's planet, training to defeat the monster Majin Boo?

"I wonder what the class will do," Negi wondered.

"From what I know, they usually do a play, or a haunted house, or set up a café," explained Gohan.

"They do, huh? That's sounds like fun," smiled the boy as he and Gohan continued to walk down the hallways of Mahora Academy.

Gohan and Negi then finally reached their destination as they opened the door to Class 3-A. "Good Morning!" Both Negi and Gohan said as they opened the door, ready to see their students in their seats. However, they were caught by surprise by an unfamiliar setting.

"WELCOME!" the girls greeted Negi and Gohan as they entered the room. "Welcome to 3-A's Maid Cafe!" Misa, Shiina, Kazumi, Madoka and Ayaka were dressed in maid clothing.

"Wha!" Negi shouted.

"What is this supposed to be?" Gohan asked as he tried to cover his nose as a little bit of blood trickled down.

"We are doing a maid cafe, Gohan-sensei and Negi-sensei," Ayaka told the young teacher and assistant teacher.

"That's right!" Yuna interjected. "We are allowed to do small business type stuff like this so we can get a little money for ourselves."

"I'm not really sure what a maid cafe is, but if it is what everyone wants to do I will be happy to provide custom made costumes!" Ayaka exclaimed while Yuna and Haruna's eyes glinted. Feh heh, they said to themselves, a sucker born every minute.

"Negi-kun and Gohan-kun, why don't you two be our first customers?" Madoka asked.

"Yeah!" Sakurako agreed.

Gohan and Negi looked at each other for a few seconds, both pondering if they should take up on the girls offer. Gohan shrugged his shoulder, thinking that there was going to be no harm done. "Alright, girls I will be your first customer," Negi agreed. Gohan nodded in agreement. The girls managed to get Negi to sit down on a couch while Gohan was sat on the other side as they brought in and served them both drinks, like milk and juice.

"Negi-sensei will you buy me some champagne?" Madoka asked looking at the menu.

"Um okay..." Negi said dumbly. He began to sip his drink.

"Kyaa Gohan-kun, help me!" Shiina Sakurako shouted though in some sort of joy.

"What is it Sakurako-san?"

"The bottle opener fell in between my breasts! Would you get it out for me pretty please?" Gohan did a spit take while Asuna did a face-fault in the background.

"Ah, what is happening here?" Negi asked nervously as Gohan cleaned up the place a bit.

"Aw shucks, Negi-kun," Misa said with a blush. "This is an adult's world." Negi nodded with a dumbfounded face, as he was unsure what Misa meant by that. But Gohan knew. He shook his head as cleaned the spill that he made.

"Okay!" cheered Shiina. "The bill comes out to 15600 yen." Gohan and Negi's jaw both dropped.

"HUH?" Both exclaimed.

"Why that much?" Gohan asked.

"Well, it was supposed to come out to 7800 yen but since they are two of you, we are going to have to charge double," Shiina explained with a smile. Gohan and Negi both sweat-dropped while Ayaka and Asuna started to protest to the girls for charging at such a high price.

"Look Negi-sensei, Gohan-kun! We have more costumes to show you!" Yuna exclaimed. Gohan watch as the girls changed in a flurry of clothes. When it all died down Gohan was looking at some of the girls in changed clothes. Yuna was in a maid costume as well but had a cat ears and a tail; Ku Chao and Satomi Hakase were all in Chinese clothing but had aprons around their legs; Makie was something akin to a milk maid; and finally Akira was put in a bunny girl costume. She didn't mind it, but once Gohan saw her, she blushed hard and covered herself up with a towel. She started to curse under her breath, specifically towards Yuna and Kazumi. Gohan was curious as to why Akira was blushing once she saw him.

However, at the moment though, Gohan was blushing hard. All in all Gohan thought the outfits were cute, but he tried to hide his blush by ducking his head down. Yuna smiled once she saw Gohan's reaction.

"That will be another ten thousand yen Negi-sensei and Gohan-sensei!" Ku exclaimed.

"I have to pay just to look!" Negi and Gohan shouted with exasperation.

"There still something missing though," Kazumi stated. "What can we get to attract customers?" Like Gohan-kun?

"Good point!" Yuna nodded in agreement. She definitely wanted to impress the customers, more specifically to one Son Gohan.

Kazumi then pointed to of the remaining girls that weren't dressed. "Tatsumiya!" She pointed at Mana. "You'll be a priestess!" To Misora, "A mini-skirted nun!" To Setsuna, "Cat ears and a school swimsuit!" To Ako, "A mini-skirted, cat-eared nurse!"

Then in a flash of light, the remaining girls were dressed. Fumika was dressed as little red riding hood while Fuuka was in their gym clothes and bloomers; Mana was in her priestess clothes, yet in a more sexually appealing one; Misora was the same as Mana, but as a nun. Ako was in her nurse uniform, but instead of its usual skirt she had on a miniskirt. Some of them were cute but others went a little bit over the top, thought Gohan. What really surprised Gohan was how Setsuna looked. Setsuna was in the school prescribed swimming clothes and for a second there, Gohan thought she kind of looked cute.

Then came Ku Fei next to Gohan and Negi. She took out the calculator and bill. "¥40000." Gohan and Negi both flinched and exasperated. Out of the corner of their mouths, their souls were coming out due to the high bills that they had to pay.

Meanwhile Chisame was trembling as she was witnessing the scenes unfolding. Pathetic! Chisame said to herself. They don't get it at all. If they'd asked me, now, I could've gotten maybe 500, even a 1000 people to–! Oooh, I can't stands no more! Then in a flash of quick speed, Chisame took off her clothes to reveal a maid clothes on top of her. "All right, you lot!" she screamed at the class. "Listen up! I, the great Chiu-sama, will now show you how a 'maid café' should really be!"

But before she could continue, Chisame felt a dangerous aura behind her. She turned her around and saw an angry scowling Nitta! "Have any of you girls the slightest idea what time it is?" shouted Nitta.

"But…"

"But nothing!" continued Nitta. "Homeroom is officially over! Negi-sensei, Gohan-sensei, I'd have thought you two would've known better!"

"We're sorry!" Gohan and Negi cried with an apologetic bow. It took a while to get the class under control, but Gohan and Negi were able to do it. Granted that sometimes during the class, the girls would get into an argument about what the class should do for the festival. Negi tried all his might to calm the situation down, but to no avail. Nitta had to come back and calm the situation down again. Gohan let out a sigh. He was going to have a serious talking with Negi.



* * *



After classes were over…

Two blurs were going at each other in Eva's villa resort. Upon closer inspection, it was Negi and Eva sparring against one another while Chachamaru and Chachazero were looking from the sidelines. Gohan in the meantime, was practicing some katas as he moved around quickly. But every once in a while, Gohan would take a peek from the corner of his eye at Negi's training and he noticed something was wrong with Negi. Negi was either definitely not into the training or something was amiss.

Gohan inhaled and exhaled a deep breath. He walked over to where Chachamaru and Chachazero were and started to watch the training session as well. A few seconds later though, Gohan decided to step in. "Oi! Evangeline-san!" Eva turned her head around towards Gohan, giving off an evil glare for ruining her training session. "Is it alright if I have a training spar with Negi-san?"

"Huh?" Negi had a questioning look on his face. Gohan usually gave him instructions and pointers to the different Kung Fu moves that Ku Fei had taught him, but never did Gohan give a training spar with him. What was going on? Eva immediately knew what Gohan was thinking and what he was planning to do. She already knew enough about Gohan that she immediately backed down and walked over to where everyone else was at. "Master what is going on?" Negi asked.

"I think it is a good time to test how much you have improved boya," Eva said with a sly smile. "I want to use your full strength against the assistant." Negi continued to protest, but Eva ignored all of the boy's complaints. As she passed by Gohan, she muttered, "Make sure you get him out of that funk. I hate wasting my time."

"Sure." Gohan nodded as he walked by the Dark Mage and stood in front of Negi. Negi blinked a few times, making sure what was happening before him wasn't a dream. Sure he always wanted to have at least one training session with Gohan, but some reason Negi started to feel like he didn't want one right now. Gohan proceeded to do some stretching exercises while Negi continued to stare at Gohan, unsure on what to do now. "Negi-san, get ready," Gohan said as his face turned serious. Negi flinched back.

Gohan dashed ahead and appeared before Negi. Negi tried to react to the incoming attack, but he was too late as Gohan gave Negi an uppercut, sending him flying into the air. Negi corrected himself in the mid-air but soon found himself staring at Gohan face to face. Gohan pulled his arm back and gave Negi a devastating punch, making Negi fly through the air. A blue aura engulfed Gohan as he sped towards Negi's position and landed an axe kick, sending the boy crashing into the ground.

Gohan slowly descended as he saw Negi come out of the crater that was formed. Negi panted a bit as he got up. Gohan stared coldly at the battered boy. "Fight me seriously Negi!" yelled Gohan. Negi flinched a bit. Gohan never called anyone especially him without any honorifics! Gohan was serious about this. Negi began to ponder on what to do. He needed to do something otherwise, Gohan will beat him senseless! Negi took his weighted clothes off and let out a yell. "Battle Hymn!" A magic aura surrounded the young boy as he took a fighting stance and prepared himself before Gohan.

Gohan let out a small smirk. He got himself positioned as well. Negi then burst into action and appeared in front of Gohan his fist already cocked back. He did an upward palm thrust multiple times, sending Gohan into the sky. He followed him, and followed up the attack with a left handed punch, then an elbow with his right arm and then kicking him away. Gohan crashed into the ground, causing a small dent. He immediately got up and flew up, running into Negi with an arm attack. Negi was sent flying higher into the sky and tried to slow his ascend. However, he felt a tug in the air and turned around to see Gohan dashing towards him. Negi tried to turn around to block the incoming attack as he raised his arms in a cross position. Gohan went in with a powerful kick that even though Negi had blocked it, he was sent crashing into the ground again, creating a huge crater.

Dust picked up in the wind, as Eva and Chachamaru's hair flew along with the wind. Gohan landed softly on ground. Suddenly, out of the smoke, Negi dashed towards Gohan, sending every possible combination of attacks towards the demi-saiyan. Gohan blocked each one accordingly as he also exchanged fists and kicks with Negi as well. Small shockwaves started to emanate from the collision of fists between the two fighters. This kept going for a while until finally, Gohan sent a devastating punch to Negi's gut, causing him to bend over and spit out some bile. Then he was sent flying into the air by a kick of Gohan's. Negi turned around in mid-air, ready to attack but it was too late. Gohan was right behind the boy and hit him so hard, that he went crashing into some of the pillars of the resort.

Smoke picked easily as Gohan landed softly on the ground. "Get up Negi," Gohan said coldly as he put out his hand. A blue ki ball started to form. As the smoke started to disappear, a chant was being heard. Then suddenly, a bright magic attack that was a combination of wind and thunder came out of the smoke and directly towards Gohan's position. Gohan remained still as the blast hit its target, causing a huge explosion. Dust and rubble spread out.

Negi panted. He had used a powerful magic attack against Gohan, hoping to put some dent into the demi-saiyan's defense. Or so he thought. The dust cleared itself, revealing unharmed Gohan who still had a cold stare on his face. Negi let out a small smile. He knew full well that Gohan would be unfazed by such an attack. After all, he faced against the Legendary Super Saiyan and won! Negi positioned himself once again. As Negi pondered on what to use against Gohan, the demi-saiyan spoke up, "Why do you fight Negi?"

"Huh?" Negi had a questioning look on his face. It was the same question that Wilhelm had asked him so why was Gohan asking the same thing? "What do you mean why do I fight? I fight to…"

"Protect your friends right?" interrupted Gohan. "Negi, stop lying to yourself!" Negi flinched. What was going on with Gohan? He wondered.

"I'm not lying!" Negi shouted as his magic started to go berserk. Chachamaru was about to go ahead stop Negi from doing anything but Eva intervened, shaking her head. "I am gaining this strength to protect my friends and to see…"

"Your father," interrupted Gohan once again as he floated up in the air. "Yes we all have heard this story. But is that the real reason you are training so desperately? I know your feelings Negi. I immediately recognized them when we exchanged fists. You have doubt resting in your heart!" Then suddenly Gohan transformed into a Super Saiyan, causing Negi to nervously sweat. Gohan was getting serious here as he cupped his hand together in front of him. "If you can't block this attack and eliminate your doubt, then you are not fit to fight!"

"What?" Negi flinched. Gohan couldn't be serious! He was going to use that attack on him?

"KA…ME…HA…ME…" chanted Gohan as he brought forth his cupped hands to his side. Negi started to panic. He didn't know what to do. Wilhelm was right, Negi said to himself in sadness, tears coming out of his eyes. Even with all my studying to become a teacher, and with all my training to become stronger, it's all a front! Nothing more than avoidance, a way not to think about the past. And yet, here I am – a teacher…how can I even face my students, knowing what I know? I'm so hopeless.

Baka! Wake up! Yelled a voice inside of Negi's head. Negi flinched when he recognized the voice. It was Asuna's voice. Asuna-san? Negi asked.

Dumbass! What the hell kind of display was that! Another voice shouted. Negi recognized that one as well. Kotarou-kun? Negi asked himself. Seriously Negi, you got mad at him too easily! You're smart! Think better!

I can't! Negi protested. I want to protect everyone but I just simply can't.

Yes you can! Yelled another voice. This time it was Gohan's voice. Negi-san, you have incredible strength and power! Use it! Use it to protect your students and friends! Use it to defeat me!

Negi nodded. He opened his eyes, which caused Gohan to get a good look at his face. Negi's eyes were showing determination. Then Negi did something that caught Gohan and Eva completely by surprise. Negi's hands formed into a cupped shape form and put to his side. "KA…ME…" a bright blue orb was forming in his cupped hands. "HA…ME…"

Gohan smiled. Negi had true potential to become a great fighter. Then at the same time, both Negi and Gohan launched their hands forward and yelled, "HAAA!" A large ki beam came out of each of their hands and within a few seconds, collided with one another. It was stalemate for a few seconds; however Gohan's Kamehame-Ha started to gain ground on Negi's and completely obliterated the young boy's wave. Negi tried with all his might to keep the wave going but couldn't and passed out. Then at the last second, Gohan moved his arms upwards so the wave wouldn't hit Negi directly. Instead, the wave disappeared within the sky.

As the rays of blue light filled the sky, Gohan slowly descended to the ground, reverting back to his normal state. As he walked over to where Negi laid, Gohan suddenly felt a hit on the head. He turned around to see that it was Eva who did it. "What was that for?"

"Baka! Were you trying to kill him?" Eva exclaimed. "That wave could have easily obliterated the boya!"

"Don't worry about it," Gohan said in a calm voice. "I had everything under control. Besides weren't you the one who told me to get him out of his funk?"

"Yes, but not using that technique!" Eva exclaimed.

"Man, you must really like Negi-san," Gohan said.

"Baka, I don't like him at all!" Eva yelled blushingly. "I like…"

"Yeah, yeah, I know, Nagi Springfield," interrupted Gohan. "We should get Negi-san somewhere for him to rest easily. I want to have a talk with him."

Eva did 'hmpf' as she turned her back at Gohan. "Do whatever you want assistant."



* * *



A few minutes later, Negi started to open his heavy eyes. He started to see a bright light before. I must be heaven, Negi said to himself. "You are not in heaven Negi-san," said voice that interrupted Negi's fantasy. Negi turned his head to see a blurry image of Son Gohan, sitting in a chair. Negi wiped his eyes with his hands to get a clearer picture as he sat up.

"Gohan-san, what is going on?" asked Negi.

"You passed out Negi-san," Gohan replied as he took a seat on the edge of the bed. Negi bent his head down in sadness. "There is nothing to be embarrassed on passing out. It happens to all of us. You just have to control your power that's all. However, I was completely caught by surprise that you formed and sent me a Kamehame-Ha at me! That was incredible!" Gohan was about to praise the young boy even more but stopped when he saw Negi's face in sadness. "Negi-san, what's wrong?"

"It's all useless!" screamed Negi, pounding the bed. Tears started to come out of his eyes. "I'm not strong at all! Everything that I have done was just to run away from my past! It was my fault bringing those demons and hurting everyone! I wish I could…" But before he could continue any more, Negi was hit in the head by Gohan's fist. "Oww, what was that for Gohan-san?"

"Negi-san, you got to stop beating yourself about it," Gohan said, drawing a confused look from Negi.

"What do you mean Gohan-san?"

"I know how you are feeling Negi-san. I felt it when we exchanged fists during the match," Gohan explained. "It is said that martial art fighters are able to express their feelings through their fists. I felt your doubts Negi-san. It is normal after fighting such an opponent like Wilhelm but you have to let it go."

"But how can I? Wilhelm was right," Negi said. "I have no real strength at all."

"That is not true Negi-san," said Gohan with a pat on Negi's head. "You do have great strength. My Dad said it himself didn't he?"

"But I…"

"Negi-san, you have to believe in yourself," interrupted the demi-saiyan. "Whether your strength came from a desire of vengeance or to protect your friends, strength is strength. What is important is how you use it. My Dad told me something that his old master, Muten Roshi once told him about strength. He said that one masters the martial arts for health in mind and body, for the ability to live one's life as courageously, uniquely, and energetically as one wishes. But if there are any who seek to terrorize you or any other decent people with undeserved power, you must defeat such enemies with one mighty blast."

"I see," nodded the young boy.

Gohan smiled. "Negi-san, you have incredible strength both in heart and in body. You fought to save Konoka-san during the Kyoto trip and you are training to be able to meet your father," explained Gohan. "That in itself is great strength. I'm very proud to have you as a friend." Negi's mouth widened into a big smile. He then launched himself to Gohan and gave him a big hug, tears coming out of his eyes.

"Thank you Gohan-san!" Negi cried. Gohan smiled as he returned the hug in kind.

"Negi-san, I am going to help you train okay?"

"Really?"

Gohan nodded with a smile. "Really. I think we can start on improving that Kamehame-Ha. How did you know how to do it?"

"Well," Negi said with a slight blush on his face. "I was practicing during the hours that Master wasn't teaching me. I saw you do it so many times that I thought I could do it. Actually why don't I practice it again right now." But before Negi could do anything, he suddenly felt pain in his body, wincing.

"Easy boya!" yelled a voice from the doorway. Negi and Gohan turned their heads towards the door to see Eva standing before them with Chachamaru behind her and Chachazero on her shoulder. "You need to rest up. Because of the assistant, I am going to have to do overtime on your training!" Eva said with an evil smile.

"What?" Negi exclaimed as he started to panic. He knew that smile. Certain pain was awaiting him. "Gohan-san, help me!"

Gohan chuckled a bit. "Sorry Negi-san, can't help you there."

"Aww," pouted the young boy causing Gohan to laugh out loud. It was going to be a fun day for training.



* * *



Later at night, back at the girls dormitories…

"I'm home," Negi said as he entered the room.

"Welcome back, Negi," responded Asuna as she was resting on her bed, dressed for the night. "Konoka and Setsuna-san are over at the headmaster's, in case if you were wondering."

"Ah, I see," Negi said as he started to get undressed for the night. "Right, then." However, he kept on wobbling all over the place, knocking down a few things from the nearby table and making some noise as well.

Worried, Asuna turned over and saw that Negi was indeed wobbling all over the place. He had a bit of trouble putting on his PJs. "You seem wobbly again. Did you stop at Eva-chan's for training on the way back?"

"Uh-huh," replied Negi.

"Was Gohan there too?"

"Yup," Negi replied happily. "I finally started to train with him."

"But I thought you were already training with Gohan?" asked Asuna.

"He began to give me only pointers and helpful tips as well as the weighted clothing," Negi replied. "But today, he started to train spar with me. Though I knew that Gohan-san was strong, but once I started to fight him, it felt completely different. I don't know how to describe it in exact detail but all I can say that it was awesome." Negi climbed up the steps and into his futon. "Good night Asuna-san." And with that, Negi fell asleep almost immediately. Asuna smiled. Thank you Gohan, she said to herself as she too fell asleep into the world of dreams.



* * *



The next night…

It was night time at Mahora. Fireworks lit up the sky, and cheers were heard every. Asuna was standing in front of the world tree alongside Takahata. Her face was bright red and she was fingering the hem of the skirt on her school clothes. She refused to look the teacher in the face. "Um...I would like to take a moment of your time...uh," Asuna stuttered.

"Asuna-kun, if you have something to tell me you can say it," Takahata replied.

"You see that...um..." Asuna closed her eyes and took a deep breath. "I love you! I've loved you since the day I met you!" she proclaimed.

"Oh really? That's good to hear..." Asuna then noticed that the voice had changed. The raspy, mature voice of Takahata was gone, and she heard another. It was a little more high pitched, but it sounded a little velvety in her ears, it also carried a playful tone in it. "To tell you the truth I've liked you since we met as well." Asuna looked up to see who was talking and was surprised to see Gohan standing there in Takahata's place. Her eyes grew wide, as he stepped closer to her. Leaning into her ear he pushed away some hair and whispered. "I'm also more than willing to show you how much I care." Asuna felt her heart go to her face as he spoke and looked away. He placed a hand on her cheek and made her look his way. She stared into his onyx eyes and felt the love he was emanating. She closed her eyes as Gohan slowly brought his lips near her own and right when he touched her lips...BEEP! BEEP! BEEP!

Asuna shot up in her bed, sweat pouring down her body and her cheeks a rosy red. It happened again, she thought to herself. It's the third time that happened this week! Asuna got out of bed and did her daily rituals, getting ready for both class and her early morning job. Putting on a sweater and sweats she went out of the dorm to begin her job. As she did her job her mind was plagued with the constant images from her dreams. Why do I keep dreaming about Gohan like that! I don't feel anything for him! I mean I'm in love with Takahata-sensei. I mean, sure Gohan is a nice guy, who is funny, kind and caring, has a nice smile and beautiful onyx… Asuna stopped her running and felt her heat in her cheeks. I have to stop thinking about Gohan like this! Shaking the dark haired boy out of her mind, Asuna finished her job.



* * *



Later in the day, during lunch at classroom 3-A…

It was lunch and the girls were preparing to make the haunted house. Negi and Gohan meanwhile were eating at the teacher's lounge and later had a teacher's meeting with the headmaster. Thus, this gave the girls the opportunity to finish their project. "Aren't we dedicated?" Yuna said as she was sewing something for the haunted house. "Working on the festival even during lunch?"

"Yeah, but only because we have to," Ako mentioned.

"Did you hear about it?" Makie asked everyone.

"You mean the legend that states that if you confess to someone in front of the World Tree during the festival, the two will immediately fall in love?" Yuna asked. "You should know that most of these articles are false right?"

"I wouldn't think that," Misora interjected. "Okay, I, like, heard this from a sempai two years older than me who went to Mahora High School okay? Last year, during the festival? Even though they all said it was impossible because he was a club captain and super-cute, and all these other girls were after him? He totally said he'd go out with her." All the girls' heads popped up at this interested in hearing what she said.

"Well I heard last year, 3 girls confessed to the trainee teachers managed to be with them," Madoka stated.

"This is, like, totally unconfirmed, but I heard that this girl who told this guy? Who was in one of those boy-bands on TV? That he said okay, too!" added Shiina.

"Let see what the newspaper says about this." She pulled out the newspaper, focusing on one article, "The power of the World Tree will overcome all barriers and obstacles. There are couples who overcame the age barrier as well as those about 'looks'. During our research some of our people became couples too."

"I can hardly believe it," Ako said with a slight hint of a blush. "I wish I'd gone beneath it and said how I felt."

"I'm thinking I'd like to try it, you know?" Yuna said.

"But, Yuna, who would you say you…?" Akira asked but before she could finish her sentence, Yuna interrupted.

"No, you're right, I guess there's no one," interjected Yuna, but deep down, she began to think about a certain dark haired assistant teacher.

"Hey Se-chan do you like anyone?" Konoka asked the swordswoman.

"Not really…" Setsuna replied. "If anyone I would say Gohan-k…Gohan-sensei." Setsuna blushed that she almost called Gohan-kun, and not -sensei during class.

Konoka smiled, thinking about the dark haired man. "Gohan-kun is a nice pick."

"How about you Asuna? How is it going with Takahata-sensei?" Setsuna asked using a strategic deflection.

"Eh?" the orange haired asked surprised.

"Asuna is the last one you should ask! Last year – and the year before that – she tried to confess, but got all nervous, and ended up saying nothing," Konoka explained.

"Huh? That happens to Asuna too?" Setsuna gasped in surprise.

"Hey wait a minute why are we talking about me!" Asuna shouted. The class continued to gossip throughout the class day.

"Would it kill you to ask him to the festival, even if you don't end up confessing?" Konoka asked. Asuna didn't reply immediately. Instead, she gave the cold shoulder to Konoka, who grabbed the newspaper and started to read it out loud. "Here, listen: 'Junior-high students, take note! Luring someone beneath the World Tree under false pretenses to suddenly declare your love may put the object of your affections in an awkward position. Far more preferable would be to invite him to escort you around the festival and then, once there and after you've both had a chance to relax, casually introduce the topic at hand.' There, Asuna, you see?"

"Will you both just leave me alone?" Asuna yelled, obviously flustered by the conversation that was taking place.



* * *



Later in the day…

"What?" yelled both Asuna and Negi. "You want us on a date?"

"Chamo-kun," said Negi, "why would you say such a…"

Asuna interrupted Negi's word as she pushed him aside. She was blushing all over. "Why would I wanna go out on a date with him?" yelled Asuna while pointing to Negi.

"For practice only," Chamo answered puffing a cigar. "In both love and war – it's all about the experience, kids. Look, the point is, you get in a coupla dry runs and then, when it's time to ask Takamichi to go with you to the festival, you won't be so jittery. For all your talk, you've still never dated, have you."

"Um no…" Asuna replied.

"Me neither," Negi answered.

"Me too," Setsuna said.

"Or me," added Konoka. "Still, it's not a bad idea – and besides, tomorrow is the weekend."

"And a lot of the groups already have up their booths, so we could do a dry run for the date!" Setsuna said.

"And how is being seen with this brat supposed to prepare me for a date!" Asuna shouted.

"She does have a point," Konoka admitted. "He's not exactly the best stand-in for Takahata-sensei, is he."

"How about Gohan-sensei?" Setsuna offered.

"Se-chan thats a good idea!" Konoka replied. "But I wonder if he knows anything about it." Suddenly the doorbell rang. Konoka went ahead and opened the door. Much to her surprise, it was Gohan! "Gohan-kun!" Blushed Konoka. "Wh-What are you doing here?"

"Hi Konoka-san," smiled the dark haired demi-saiyan. "Chamo-san told me to come over, although he didn't give me much specifics about why."

"Gohan-aniisan! You're here!" shouted the ermine from the desk. "I thought you weren't coming."

"Well I can't say no to a friend now can't I?" laughed the demi-saiyan. He looked around room and saw a beat red-faced Asuna and a blushing Negi as well. "What's going on here?"

"Well you see…" Chamo decided to explain the situation to Gohan who kept on nodding in understanding. After a few minutes of talking, Gohan understood the whole situation as he looked at everyone with his Son grin.

"I see," Gohan answered. "And what do you need from me again?"

"Will you be willing to date ane-san for practice?" Chamo asked.

"Sorry I can't. I have something to do tomorrow," Gohan replied. This had all of them raising an eyebrow. "I promised Haruna-san that I would go shopping with her in buying some materials for a project that she is doing. She had already asked me to come along a few days back. Sorry that I can't come," said the demi-saiyan with a smile. However, deep down, Gohan wanted to do the practice date with Asuna. He didn't know why, but he felt his heart ache when he heard that they were doing this so Asuna could confess her feelings for Takahata-sensei.

"That's acceptable," Chamo said. Asuna had let out a breath she didn't know she was holding. She feared Gohan's answer. She was afraid of what might happen, since multiple times her mind flicked back to her dreams about her and Gohan, during the entire conversation. "Okay since we don't have Gohan-aniisan, we have to help Aniki meet your standards!"

"What do you mean by that?" she asked the ermine.

"Well I got this just in case you went with the idea about going out with Aniki, so I got these!" Chamo pulled out a glass bottle full of blue and red pills. "Age deceiving pills!" Chamo exclaimed. "As the name suggests this allows you to alter your age. But it is only an illusion like Evangeline's spell."

"Does it really change your age?" Konoka asked curiously.

"Of course! The red ones make you older," Chamo explained. Konoka nodded and took a red pill. There was a puff of smoke and a taller, curvier Konoka appeared. Gohan quirked an eyebrow, and guessed that she was around his age if not older.

"Look at me Asuna, and my sexy and mature charm!"

"Wow that's pretty effective," Asuna admitted.

"What do you think Gohan-kun?" Konoka asked turning to Gohan, who at the moment couldn't respond. Setsuna was on the floor her mouth agape.

"Here try this…" Konoka put a blue pill in both her and Setsuna's mouth. A puff of smoke covered them and they came out as seven year olds. Their clothes didn't fit so they fell down. Konoka squealed and began to play around, dragging Setsuna with her.

Gohan chuckled. "Well, I gotta get going. Once I am done with Haruna-san, I'll come by and say hello. Good luck tomorrow!" With that, Gohan waved goodbye and left the room.



* * *



The next day…

"I am way too early," Gohan said as he looked at his watch. After what happened with Yuna, Gohan made sure that he wouldn't arrive at the nick of time. He would arrive early and wait patiently for the girl to come, like any gentleman would do. However, Gohan was thirty minutes early! He sighed. "I got here way too early. Maybe I should have arrived 15 minutes early or 10 minutes. Dammit! I wish someone could have taught me what to do in these situations!" Gohan yelled as he ruffled his hair in nervousness. Gohan let out another sign. "Well, better make the most of it and wait for Haruna-san to come."

Gohan took a seat near the water fountain of the Mahora District and decided to wait. And after a few minutes, Haruna showed up. "Gohan-kun!" she waved hello as she noticed the demi-saiyan sitting near the fountain. Gohan looked up and waved back at the approaching dark haired girl. "Were you waiting too long for me?"

"Nope," Gohan replied with his Son grin. "Just got here a few minutes ago."

"That's good," replied Haruna. "So let's get going." Gohan nodded and started to walk alongside Haruna as they walked through Mahora district. Haruna was fidgeting her fingers in nervousness. She couldn't believe that she was walking with Gohan all by herself. Haruna smiled. She was definitely going to use this in her manga. "Thanks again for coming with me. I really appreciate the help."

"No problem," said Gohan. "I'm just glad to help out my students. But I am curious as to what we are shopping for?"

"Manga supplies," immediately responded the mangaka.

"Manga supplies?" Gohan asked with a curious look on his face. "I'm sorry to ask but what is manga?" Haruna completely froze, drawing a look from Gohan. "Haruna-san?"

"You don't know manga?" Haruna asked, sweat dropping alongside her face.

"Yeah," Gohan said, his face blushing in embarrassment. "I know what manga IS but I have never seen it. My mother didn't let me read any outside reading except for school textbooks and assigned readings." Haruna trembled, causing Gohan to worry. "Are you okay Haruna-san? You're trembling."

"I'm okay Gohan-kun," smiled Haruna with a glint in her eye. "I'm just trembling with excitement."

"Excitement for what?"

"For your education on the world of MANGA!" Haruna said as she raised her arm to the sky. Waves crashed behind her and bright lights surrounded the mangaka. Everyone around the two of them, started to back away from them as much as possible.

"Mommy, what is that girl doing?" asked a child to her mother as she carried her balloon.

"Don't look honey," replied the mother. "Just don't look."

Gohan blinked a few times while Haruna continued in her same position. Gohan chuckled which caused Haruna to turn her around with a curious look on her face. Why is Gohan-kun laughing? Haruna wondered. Don't tell me he is going to be one of those people. "Sure Haruna-san," smiled the demi-saiyan. "I would love to learn more about manga."

Haruna smiled grew wide, her eyes sparkling with happiness. She was so happy right now! "All right Gohan-kun, then let's go and read some manga!" She said with a fist pump.

Gohan smiled. "Sure!" He said as he did a fist pump as well. What's the worst thing that could happen? As the day progressed, Haruna decided to give a run-down of the most popular manga available with titles such as One Piece, Bleach and Naruto as well as Haruna's very own manga. Gohan was interested with the story of the manga 'Naruto,' especially concerning with the character Uzumaki Naruto. For some reasons, he felt some similarities between the character and Goku personality wise. He also learnt about the different characters and their specific personalities. He also learned about the different conventions that they have for anime and manga. All in all, Gohan was having a lot of fun especially when he was learning about something that someone is very passionate about.

As they walked, Haruna and Gohan continued to talk about the conventions that are held for anime and for manga. Haruna explained to him that certain fans like to dress up as their favorite characters, which was known as Cosplay. She heard that there was going to be an underground costume contest. However, she only knew them as rumors. There was nothing concrete to confirm anything. Although he didn't say it, Gohan thought otherwise. He remembered that Negi showed him this website before. He remembered it was on Chisame's site and that she was a huge fan of cosplay. Maybe he could go ask her to see if he could come along. Of course, he needed the costume of a character, which was going to be difficult. However, Gohan knew exactly which character he was going to portray.

Haruna and Gohan finally arrived to the shop after much walking and talking. Gohan had noticed that they had passed this specific art shop a couple of times. He was curious as to why they didn't go in the first time. But he didn't worry about it. He got to learn a lot about manga and anime from Haruna. He hoped to learn more. "Say Gohan-kun," a blushing Haruna said as they exited the shop, "do you want to grab something to eat?"

Gohan nodded. "Sure, why don't we go to the North European Cuisine? I heard they served good food there."

Haruna smiled. "Okay," she said as she locked arms with Gohan. They walked for a bit until they saw a figure running at them, crashing into Gohan's chest. It was Asuna, crying. She immediately recognized who she had run into, pushed Gohan off and started to run even faster. Then a man ran by Gohan and Haruna. This man was familiar to the two as he awfully looked like…Negi? Is that Negi-san? Gohan asked himself. "Hey wasn't that Asuna? What happened to her?"

Gohan frowned a bit. "I'll go check it out Haruna-san," Gohan said as he started to walk ahead. "Sorry about this. I just want to make sure she is okay."

Haruna smiled. "Sure thing Gohan-kun," she said. "Go get her."

Gohan nodded. "Thanks Haruna-san," Gohan said. "I promise I'll make it up to you during the festival. I really wanted to continue talking about manga with you." With that, Gohan went running towards the direction of Asuna and Negi's look-a-like.

As Gohan disappeared in the distance, Haruna let out a sigh and clenched her fists. I wish Gohan-kun would do that for me, Haruna said to herself. Hopefully, in the future, he will do that for me. Asuna, you just got yourself a rival for Gohan-kun's heart.

After a few minutes of running, Gohan ran into Konoka, Setsuna and a shrinking Negi. Gohan asked Negi on what had happened. Negi explained that Asuna turned away when she saw Takahata and Shizuna together at the restaurant. Negi was about to give chase but couldn't due to the large clothes that he was wearing. Gohan took the liberty to do the chasing and help calm down Asuna.

Meanwhile, Asuna was looking at the skyline from a balcony in front of the World Tree. She kept sighing to herself. "I should have known," she said. "I've been wondering about those two for awhile, now." I can't believe Gohan saw me like that, Asuna said to herself. How embarrassing.

"Asuna-san!" yelled a voice which caused Asuna to flinch a bit. She knew immediately recognized the voice, which was coming from Gohan. "Why did you run off like that? Was it because you saw Takahata-san and Shizuna-san together?"

"Yeah, how did you…"

"Negi-san explained to me what happened," interrupted Gohan. "He told all they were doing was just eating."

"I-I suppose it could be just that," responded Asuna, still not looking at Gohan.

"You shouldn't make too much of it!"

"You can't understand," sighed Asuna. "M-Maybe I should give up. I-I mean…You know me – stupid, violent, hardly any friends – not exactly a winning combination, personality-wise, huh? Even Takahate-sensei…"

"Don't say that!" yelled Gohan. "You keep it together, you're strong and you're beautiful." At the sound of those words, Asuna's eyes widened. Beautiful? "I-I," struggled Gohan in trying to say the right words. "I care about you Asuna-san and I always have done."

"What?" Asuna said as she turned around to see a smiling Gohan.

"We all care about you, Asuna-san," Gohan said. "Negi-san, Setsuna-san, Konoka-san, Chamo-san, we all care about you deeply. We don't like it when you looked hurt."

"Gohan is right," Negi said as he tried to come closer to Asuna's and Gohan's position. "Even Iincho, I happen to know she's very, very fond of you. So then don't you think that Takahata-san will feel the same way?"

Asuna gaped for a while until she started to giggle. "You are such a Baka sometimes! And stupid at that!"

"Huh?" Gohan and Negi both said. Negi started to flail around his arms. "Why am I stupid? I was trying to cheer you up!"

"And why am I a Baka?" asked Gohan.

"You're stupid, cause you are stupid…stupid," Asuna stated which drew a confused look on both Gohan's and Negi's faces. "Don't worry. Hopeless or not, I'll still confess my feelings. Thank you, Negi,…and Gohan," she muttered as the sun started to set. Another day closer to the Festival of hopes and dreams.



* * *



Author's note: Hey everybody! Hope you guys enjoyed the chapter! I know there might some protests about Negi being to match up against a Super Saiyan Gohan but you got to remember that Gohan wasn't at his full strength. He wanted to get Negi out of that funk. I thought about putting the original canon of Negi's revelation of strength but went with another direction. I wanted to have Negi demonstrate a bit of his new found strength thanks to Gohan's training especially with combining ki and magical power together. Thanks to RyumaOmega for the suggestion.

I also added the part of Gohan discovering manga. This is a foreshadowing for what is going to happened in another future chapter.

Anyways, keep the reviews coming! I really enjoy reading them! See you guys next week! Peace!





*Chapter 21*: Son Goku and Friends Return Once Again!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. See Chapter 1 for details.

Author's note: Hey everybody! How are you guys doing? Hope everyone had a good week! Mine was okay. Still a lot of packaging and trying to figure out what to bring with me since I am only trying to bring two pieces of big luggage. I want to try to fit in everything but sadly I won't be able to since a third piece of luggage costs extra. Just only two more weeks till I leave for Japan! Yay! Very excited.

I want to thank the reviewer The Dude for reviewing every chapter. Thanks dude! I wish everyone could follow this guy's example and review every chapter. So everyone, please keep sending reviews! I really enjoy reading them.

I want to thank naioka1992 for beta-reading this chapter and all the other chapters as well. She has been awesome! And so have you guys too! So as a reward, let me present to you Chapter 21 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 21: Son Goku and Friends Return Once Again! The Suspicious Martian!

Mahora Academy is a prestigious school for young people that houses many students. Currently, they were all preparing for MahoFest, a three-day festival that was said to be legen – wait for it – dary! Clubs were still building their stands for the festival and the gate was still being constructed. Amongst the crowd of people, there stood six figures, walking along the district. Six prominent figures that history should definitely know about, considering all of them have helped save the world many times over.

"This is ridiculous. Why did you bring me here Kakarotto?"

"Because, Gohan invited us to come. Plus there I heard there is going to be a Budokai!"

"Yay, yay, we get to see Onii-chan!"

"Papa, can we get to fight as well?"

"Tsk. Do whatever you want."

"Yatta! Goten, this is going to be awesome."

"Mmmm."

"I hope you guys don't. Fighting Goku, Gohan, Vegeta and Piccolo is already enough for me."

"Come on Kuririn, the more the better! Besides, one of us could win."

"That would be me Kakarotto. I am going to win this Budokai easily without breaking a sweat."

"I wouldn't be too sure of that Vegeta. Gohan has gotten stronger since the last time you saw him."

"Quiet Namekian! I don't need you to tell me that."

"Hahaha. Come on you guys, Gohan is probably waiting for us. Let's go!"

"Right!"



* * *



Meanwhile…

At Mahora Academy, every classroom was about to finish their projects for the festival. Well, mostly every class. "That's it! We're doomed!" shouted Yuna. Yup, that was class 3-A. They still hadn't finished their haunted house and with the festival a few days away, the girls were going to have to work overtime to get it done.

Everyone was panicking left and right in the classroom. Well, most of the panicking was coming Ayaka, who kept giving orders to every girl. She then got into an argument with Haruna who was calm and collected. Their argument mostly dealt with Haruna's experience at meeting (or not meeting) deadlines for her manga. Gohan and Negi were walking in the hallways and had heard the entire ruckus going on from their room. Gohan and Negi sighed and inhaled some air. They put a smile on their faces as they opened the door. "Hello, all!" said a happy-faced Negi.

Gohan followed suit. "How're we doing?" he asked.

"We're up to our ears, Gohan-kun!" cried Yuna as she continued to hammer something.

"You'll help us, won't you Negi-kun?" asked Makie. Negi and Gohan had both sweat-dropped at all the commotion going on. It was pretty bad.

"We can't ask Negi-sensei for help!" screamed Ayaka. "It's unheard of!" She then grabbed Negi's hand and spoke to him tenderly, with sparkles around her being. "This is your first year teaching here, Negi-sensei and you too Gohan-sensei. Take it easy, enjoy yourselves!"

Gohan and Negi both nodded. "Hai!"

"So, Negi-kun, Gohan-kun!" Shiina said while pulling on Gohan's shirt. "We're doing a live concert during the festival! And we…"

But before Shiina could finish, she was pushed off by Misa who grabbed the same spot that Shiina had gotten before. "And we'd like you two to come. Will you?"

Negi wasn't sure what to say, but Gohan let out a smile. "Sure, why not? It will be fun."

Misa and Shiina beamed in extreme happiness. They were going to have practice extra hard to impress the object of their affections. However, as a result of their actions, Makie and Ayaka got an idea to ask Negi out during the Festival. But they were beaten to the punch by Ku Fei.

"Right, my disciple, I want to let the new members see your moves so you must perform at the Chinese Martial Art performance-aru!" order Ku Fei.

Negi nodded. "Yes Master Ku Fei!" Ku Fei was going to mention something else, particularly to Gohan but before she could say anything, she was brushed away by Makie.

"Ku Fei! Take a hike," Makie said as she went up to the boy teacher. "You'll come to the Rhythmic Gymnastics exhibition, won't you, Negi-kun?"

Negi was about to respond, but he was interrupted when Ayaka appeared before him. "Negi-sensei wants to come to the Equestrian Exhibition, don't you Negi-sensei!"

Negi was unsure on how to respond as he got invitations from everyone. And he wasn't the only one. Gohan was getting in the same predicament as Negi was. Before all chaos (and hilarity) would ensue, Kazumi stepped in front of everyone and took a notebook. "All right, girls! You wanna book time with Negi-kun or Gohan-kun, you gotta go through their acting manager – namely, me!" Actually it was Chamo who was Negi's manager, but as for Gohan's, no one was really sure.

Everyone in the girls was a bit dumbfounded by Kazumi's claim. Then all hell broke loose, with many complaints towards Kazumi being the manager while others were complaining that they needed to get the haunted house fixed.



* * *



After classes were done…

Negi, Asuna, Kauzmi and Gohan were all in front of the water fountain that was in the Mahora Campus. Chamo was just finished explaining how Negi's schedule was going to look like. "I tried to leave you some room in your schedule, but it's pretty tight. I'm sure you'll wanna break it down even further," explained the ermine. "You may not be able to get to them all, aniki."

"Hey, you've got three days, right? Plenty of time!" Kazumi stated as she noticed Gohan looking over his own schedule. It was packed as well but not so much as Negi was. A few of the girls had asked him on some dates, mainly Yuna, Misa, Shiina, Konoka, and Kazumi. Yuna asked Gohan to visit her exhibition game during the festival. Misa wanted to see a movie that the film club was showing during the festival. Shiina, meanwhile, gave backstage passes for the concert and offers to hang out beforehand as well. Konoka asked Gohan to help out with the Divination club and see some of the booths during one of the nights of the festival. And Kazumi asked for a date around the campus as compensation of being his manager. Gohan let out a sigh. How did it come to this? He wondered. "Are you looking forward to our date Gohan-kun?" asked Kazumi in a semi-seductive tone.

Gohan smiled nervously. "Yeah I guess," he replied while scratching the back of his neck. Asuna immediately glared at Kazumi, an ominous aura surrounding her causing Gohan to nervously sweat a bit.

"What's this about a date?" Asuna asked, eye twitching.

"Oh," Kazumi said with a grin, ignoring Asuna's menacing aura, "Gohan-kun agreed to go on a date with me as compensation for being his manager."

"Is that so," Asuna said. "Well I want one too!"

"Huh?" Everyone gaped a bit which caused Asuna to blush red, immediately regretting the words that she just spoke.

"Asuna, are you saying that you want to go on a date with Gohan-kun?" Kazumi asked with a snicker.

"N-N-No," stuttered Asuna with a heavy blush. "I just want to make sure that Gohan doesn't do something stupid or goes overboard like he always does."

"I see," Kazumi said as she and Asuna glared at each other, sparks flying between the two and fearsome animals behind them as well. Negi and Gohan held each other, trembling in fear.

"G-Go-Gohan-san, shouldn't we ask why they are glaring like that?" the boy asked nervously.

"I don't think so, Negi-san," replied the demi-saiyan with a nervous sweat running down his face. "In my experience, you best avoid these kinds of situations." Suddenly the tension was eased when Gohan felt a familiar ki signature. Well, make that, familiar ki signatures. Gohan let out smile, drawing a curious look from Negi.

"Gohan-san, why are you smiling?" Negi asked. Asuna and Kazumi stopped their glaring contest and turned their attention to Gohan's smile. Gohan turned his head towards a certain direction and his smile grew bigger.

Before Asuna, Kazumi, Chamo and Negi got the chance to ask why Gohan was smiling, they saw six figures in the distance. Asuna, Kazumi, Chamo and Negi squinted their eyes to try to figure out who the figures where. As the figures approached, they noticed something familiar about them. One was a tall man with the spikiest hair ever seen and was wearing an orange and blue dogi. Another one was taller than the spiky-haired man and was wearing a turban and cape. Another one was shorter than the spiky-haired man, had a prominent widow's peak and was wearing a weird outfit. He had a blue jumpsuit and was wearing an armor that was white with a yellow section and two little yellow straps that went along the shoulder.

The other three figures were much smaller than the other three. The tallest of the small ones had black hair and was wearing shorts with a white buttoned shirt with a black vest. The second tallest had light purple hair and was wearing a dark green dogi. And last but not least, the smallest one had similar hair to that of the spike-haired man but was wearing a Chinese Kung Fu shirt with red sleeves and blue center.

Asuna, Kazumi, Chamo and Negi all blinked a few times until they realized who the figures were. It was Son Goku and his friends! Vegeta, Piccolo, Kuririn, Trunks and Goten were walking alongside the Saiyan. Most of them had big grins on their faces. Gohan immediately waved at them. "Oi! Dad, Goten, Trunks, Piccolo-san, Kuririn-san, Vegeta-san! Over here!"

Goku and his friends turned their attention to Gohan's screaming. Goten's smile widened once he saw Gohan. "Onii-chan!" He yelled as he rushed quickly and hugged the prepared demi-saiyan.

"Hey Goten!" hugged Gohan. "How are you doing?"

Goten didn't say anything. Instead though, he snuggled in Gohan's chest, drawing a few wishful thinking from Kazumi, Haruna (who was behind the bushes with Nodoka and Yue) and…Asuna. I wish I was where Goten-chan is and…wait what! What I am saying? Asuna said to herself, shaking her head in order to take out those inappropriate thoughts. She then proceeded to repeat to herself her mantra of 'Takahata-sensei'. "Hey Gohan!" waved Goku as he and his friends approached to Gohan's position. "Hey Negi!"

"Hey Dad!" said Gohan.

"Good afternoon Goku-san," bowed Negi. "What are you doing here?"

"Gohan invited us to see the festival," replied the Saiyan. "I never been in one so I thought it would be fun for everyone else."

"Tsk," muttered Vegeta as he looked the other way. "I'm only here for the Budokai that Kakarotto has been raving about."

"The Budokai?" asked Kazumi, Asuna and Negi.

"Don't worry about Vegeta," Kuririn said waving his hand around nonchalantly. "He always gets like this. So what you guys doing?"

"We are looking over Negi-kun and Gohan-kun's schedules," Kazumi replied with a grin.

"Schedules?" Goku, Goten, Trunks, and Kuririn asked all together.

"Schedules for what?" Trunks asked. "What are you going to need a schedule for Gohan-san? Or even you Negi?"

"For the festival!" shouted Chamo which caused Kuririn to shriek a bit.

"Did that ferret just talk?" Kuririn asked.

"I'm not a ferret! I'm an ermine, get it right!" Chamo exclaimed.

"Wow, now I have seen everything," Kuririn muttered.

"Let me see, let me see," Goten and Trunks said in unison as Negi showed him the schedule.

"Oi Negi-kun, can we go with you to some of these places?" Goten asked with a wide grin on his face.

Negi smiled and nodded. "Sure."

Goten and Trunks looked at each other with big grins on their faces. Both Asuna and Gohan let out a smile, happy in seeing Negi interacting with kids that were around his age and making friends.

"I'm glad that Trunks and Goten are having fun. By the way, what's your schedule like Gohan?" asked Kuririn. Gohan proceeded to give the notebook that Kazumi had written down his schedule. Kuririn inspected it quickly using his eyes and as he read it, a sly smile kept on growing and growing. He gave back the notebook and gave a soft pad with his elbow to Gohan's gut. "Very slick my friend. I never knew you were such a ladies man Gohan."

"Kuririn-san!" Gohan yelled with a blush. "I'm just visiting the students and hanging out with them!"

"Sure you are," Kuririn said playfully, causing Goku and his friends to laugh a bit. Well, except for Vegeta and Piccolo. Vegeta didn't really care and Piccolo was confused on what it meant to be a ladies man. He didn't understand the concept love was and had tried not to understand it. It was too complicated for him.

"Um, excuse me," said a voice which drew everyone's attention. Everyone turned their heads around towards the direction of the voice to Nodoka, Haruna and Yue before them. All of them were wearing aprons. "Negi-sensei! Hi, there."

"H-Hi, there," responded the boy.

"H-Hello," Nodoka said, blushing. A few seconds of silence occurred, drawing curious looks from everyone.

"Nodoka-san? What is it," asked Negi.

Nodoka flinched, her blush darkening. "Oh! I…that is…um, I…Th-Th-The Library club is h-having…won't you please come to our scavenger hunt?" stuttered the blushing girl. Haruna and Yue both sweat-dropped a bit as they walked up to Negi and Gohan with their requests.

"R-Ri-i-ight! And the Manga Club will be doing caricatures," Haruna mentioned to Negi. She then looked at Gohan, a slight blush on her face. "And Gohan-kun, would you be interested in helping out?"

Before Gohan could answer, Yue spoke up. "At the Children's Literature Club, we'll be doing a group reading while at the Philosopher's club we'll be hosting a discussion circle on Heidegger and Aristotle. May we expect you two?" Gohan and Negi were unsure at first but nodded anyways. Haruna then gave a soft nudge to Nodoka, telling her that this was the right time to ask.

"I…um…uh…I," stuttered Nodoka as her blush started to get even redder. She then recollected herself and put out a smile. "Negi-sensei, w-would you maybe…c-come to the festival with me?" she asked with a bright smile on her face, catching Negi a bit off guard and with a blush on his face. Gohan was surprised as well but smiled at Nodoka's courage. Way to go Nodoka-san, he said to himself. Gohan turned his head to see Negi a bit shell-shocked and unable to find his words. Nodoka, too scared to hear Negi's response, dashed away with a heavy blush on her face.

"Honestly," sighed Haruna. "She didn't even wait for the answer! You'll do it, though right? Right, Negi-kun?"

"Um…S-Sure," stuttered the shocked boy.

"And you G-Go-Gohan-kun," Haruan said as she stuttered the last part with a blush on her face.

Gohan smiled. "Sure, why not? After all, I wish to learn more about Manga," the demi-saiyan said.

Haruna nodded and proceeded to chase after Nodoka, saying that Negi will go with her to see the festival with a bright smile on her face, especially when Gohan had agreed to go with her on a date. Yue turned around and noticed Asuna had a curious look on her face. "Something wrong, Asuna-san?" she asked.

"No, it's just…Honya-chan is really," Asuna collected her breath, "She's really brave, isn't she."

Yue smiled in response. "Can't argue with you there." She then went chase after Haruna and Nodoka.

As soon as they left and were out of sight, the air around them got quiet all of sudden. Asuna and Kazumi looked back at Negi, who seemed to be a ladies man without him even realizing it. Goten and Trunks looked from where Nodoka was last seen to Negi, Negi to Nodoka, then back to Negi. "Negi-kun, are you marrying that girl?" Goten asked with a dumbfounded face.

"Huh?" exclaimed everyone.

"Where did you get that idea?" Asuna asked.

"Because they like each other," Goten deadpanned, causing everyone to facefault. "That's what Mom always says."

Gohan let out a cough and patted Goten on the head as he ducked down to get to Goten's level. "Goten, there is a lot more things that have to happen before people get married," explained Gohan.

Goten stood dumbfounded for a second, then a grin appeared on his face as he nodded. "Right, Nii-chan!"

"That's good," Gohan said. As he stood up, another person appeared before them. This time it was Chachamaru and she was wearing a very pretty yukata.

"Excuse me," said Chachamaru, "Sorry to interrupt, Negi-sensei."

"Chachamaru-san!" exclaimed Negi and Gohan as they greeted the friendly robot girl.

"Hey it's robot girl!" Goku said as he waved hello to Chachamaru.

"Robot girl?" Kuririn, Goten and Trunks asked.

"Yeah, Chachamaru-san is a robot made by one of our classmates, Hakase," explained Kazumi.

"Really?" exclaimed Goten and Trunks with big grins on their faces and sparkles around their heads. "That is so cool!"

"I want to meet up with this Hakase-san!" exclaimed Trunks.

Goten nodded in agreement. "Mmmm…me too!"

"Negi-sensei," said the robot girl as she approached Negi, "a flyer for the Master's 'Go' tournament."

"Th-Thanks," responded Negi as he took the flyer from Chachamaru's hand.

"And here's an invitation to the 'Nodate' being held by our club," continued Chachamaru.

"Hey! Thanks so much!" Negi said happily. "I've always wanted to watch you perform."

"Me too," added Gohan. "Sounds like a lot of fun."

"You have, Negi-sensei?" asked Chachamaru. She started to get all fidgety as she tried to muster her courage to say something else. "F-Further, if you could…th-that is to say, if we…i-it needn't be at any particular time, but, if you…i-if…if…we…" Negi and Gohan looked at her with confused looks on their faces, curious as to what Chachamaru was trying to ask. However, before she could say anything else, she ran away. Well, she dashed away with her rocket feet, shouting some parting words to Negi, "Pretend I said nothing! Though I will still perform the ceremony for you."

"Ah Chachamaru-san!" yelled Negi, wondering why Chachamaru left in such a hurry.

"What's up with her?" Kuririn asked.

"I'm not sure," Gohan replied.

"An actual, authentic 'Nodate'," said Negi as he looked at the flyer. "I can't wait!"

"Negi!" screamed a voice. Everyone turned their heads around to see Kotarou coming running towards them. Goku was about to ask who that person was but Gohan stopped him before he could say anything. He only mentioned that he was a friend that Negi made. He didn't want to go into much detail than that. "Hey!"

"Kotarou-kun!" Negi waved back, curious though as to what Kotarou had in his hand and he wasn't the only one. Vegeta and Piccolo's interests were peaked when they saw a glimpse of the sheet of paper that he carried. "What are you doing here?" asked Negi.

"For the Budokai idiot!" Kotarou said. "Sign-ups for the martial arts tournament are almost closed. Come on!" Goku and his friends's ears perked up, more specifically to Goten and Trunks.

"A Budokai?" Both Goten and Trunks asked in unison.

"Yeah," answered Kotarou. "Apparently there are going to be strong fighters there."

"Cool!" Trunks and Goten said together.

"Goten, we should definitely participate," Trunks said.

"Mmmm, I can't wait," nodded Goten.

"Heh, I would like to see that," Vegeta mused with a grin on his face. This will be good opportunity to fight against Kakarotto though, Vegeta said to himself. Perfect!

"Who are these guys?" Kotarou asked as he finally took notice of Goten and Trunks standing right before him.

"This is Son Goten, Gohan-san's little brother," mentioned Negi. "And this is Trunks Brief. These are two friends of mine that I made when I went to Metro West. Trunks-kun, Goten-kun, this is Kotarou-kun."

"Yo!" Kotarou greeted the two demi-saiyans. "Anyways, we should hurry up Negi!"

"But Kotarou-kun, I never said that I'd agree to it," complained Negi.

"Of course you are," Kotarou responded to the complaint. "It's our chance to finally face off! As rivals!"

"I've got no chance in a pure martial arts match, you know that!" Negi said. "Besides, I've got this schedule I'm supposed to…"

"Schedule, schmedule!" interrupted Chamo, with money signs in his eyes. "You leave that part to me! You wanna see how far you've come, right?"

"What he said!" continued Kotarou. "Or, so I'd say, but there is kind of a problem."

"Huh?" Goten, Trunks, Chamo and Negi said.

"What problem?" Trunks asked.

"Ages 12 and under get stuck in the children's division," Kotarou sighed. "It'd be fish in a barrel, don'tcha think?"

"That sucks!" Trunks said. "Man, I hoped that I would be able to fight with the grown-ups."

"Awww, I wanted to get the chance to fight Nii-chan," Goten pouted.

"It's going to be no fun at all, like the last time at the Tenkaichi Budokai," Trunks said.

"What happened?" Kazumi asked curiously.

"Me and Goten met at the finals," Trunks said. "I wanted to have some decent competition but the tournament was a shoe-in for me."

"Naw-huh, Trunks-kun you cheated during that match!" Goten said.

"Whatever Goten, at least we fought some adult matches though remember?"

Goten blinked a few times, pondering on what Trunks was talking about. Then, after a few seconds, he finally remembered. "Oh yeah! I forgot about that hehehe!" Goten said with a Son grin.

"But it doesn't solve our problem," Kotarou mentioned. "How can we get into the adult division?" Negi, Goten and Trunks all pondered, putting all of their minds together to try to find a solution. However, within seconds, Goten left the group as he saw a magical butterfly fly before. He went ahead to try to catch it with his hands.

"Ah-ha-HAH!" Chamo said with a glint in his eye.

"What is it Chamo-kun?" Negi asked.

"I know ju-u-ust the way to do it," Chamo said with a sly smile.

"Really? You do?" Kotarou, Goten and Trunks all asked together.

"Come on, follow me!" Chamo said. Goten, Trunks and Kotarou all followed the ermine towards behind the stairs while Negi was chasing after them, telling them not to do what he thought they were going to do.

Gohan and everyone else (except for Vegeta and Piccolo) laughed at the scene. "Everyone wants a piece of Negi-kun, boys and girls!" Kazumi stated.

"You can say that again," Gohan said.

"Hey, is that kid very popular with the ladies?" Kuririn asked Asuna.

"Are you an idiot! Baka! Of course not," Asuna said angrily.

"Okay, okay," Kuririn said with his hands up in the air. Man, no wonder Gohan likes this girl, Kuririn said to himself. She is just like Chichi-san. Everyone was about to go to their separate ways, with Gohan going to show Goku and his friends around the campus. Kazumi was going to come along as well to take pictures of the festival preparations but more specifically, she wanted to spend more time with Gohan.

As they started to walk away from the fountain, the group heard a voice call to them. "Oi Asuna! Hey!" Asuna and everyone else turned their heads to see Ako and Madoka coming towards them.

"Hey, guys," greeted Asuna. "What's up?"

"Well, um," Ako said, scrambling her words a bit. "Th-There's something we'd like to…"

"Asuna," continued Madoka, noticing that Ako was getting a bit flustered. Ako mentally thanked Madoka for the save. "That cute guy from the other day – is he a friend or what?"

"Wh-What other day?" Asuna asked. Gohan immediately knew what day the two girls were talking about. He gave a soft nudge, trying to indicate the day that Negi and Asuna had that practice date for Takahata. Asuna then finally remembered. "That other day?" Ako and Madoka both nodded. "He's, um, kind of a…"

"He's not your boyfriend?" asked Ako, hopeful that he wasn't.

"No way!" Asuna said, waving her hands. Ako let out a sigh of relief. "I-I mean he's more like…um…a cousin! That's it! Negi's cousin!"

"Negi-kun has a cousin?" asked a curious Ako.

"Sure he does," Gohan intervened. "He was visiting Japan. Asuna-san was giving him a tour since I nor Negi-san could be there to show him around." Asuna smiled. Thanks Gohan.

"I see," Ako said. "He probably went back home then, huh?"

"I guess so," Gohan answered. "But I'll let him know that…"

Before Gohan continue any further, he was interrupted by a familiar voice. "Geez, you guys never let up, do you." Everyone turned their attention to see four figures before them. It was Negi, Trunks, Goten and Kotarou but they looked different. They seemed all grown up. Goten looked like an exact duplicate Goku except he was wearing normal street clothes. Trunks had the appearance of that of Mirai Trunks and wore similar clothes to Goten. Negi and Kotarou were in same boat as well but Negi wasn't wearing his usual glasses.

"Come on, you got to admit this is pretty amazing stuff," said Kotarou.

"Somehow this feels like cheating," Goten said with a pout.

"You said it Goten," Trunks said. "I think we should enter as Gotenks though. I think that would be more fun."

"You're right Trunks-kun!" Goten nodded. "Let's do that!"

"Gotenks?" asked a curious Kotarou. "Who's that?"

Negi was about to explain what the two demi-saiyans meant by Gotenks when he saw everyone staring at them. Both Gohan and Asuna face palmed themselves, believing that Negi wouldn't come out like that. "Ah, Ako-san, Kugimiya-san!" greeted the adult Negi. "How's it going?"

"Ummm, d-do we know you?" asked Madoka.

"Sure, I'm…" But before Negi could say anything else, he was stopped by Asuna and pulled him closer using his ear.

"Baka!" she whispered. "What if they find out?" Negi turned a bit wide-eyed as he realized what Asuna meant. "Just follow my lead." She then proceeded to tell Negi what she had just told Ako and Madoka.

Goku, meanwhile, was a bit confused on what was going on. He saw that Negi, Kotarou, Goten and Trunks were all grown up. But how could that be? he wondered. And he wasn't the only one. Piccolo and Kuririn were both intrigued by this situation. So before they could say anything, Gohan motioned to them that he was going to explain to them later.

After explaining the situation by Asuna, Negi collected his breath and put on a different face. One that was very mature and adult like. "H-How do you do? Asuna-san and Gohan-san has told me so much about you both. My name is Na…Nagi Springfield!"

"Uh, um…oh!" Ako blushed as she tried to collect her courage to speak the adult Negi. "I, um…th-that is…I-I know it's lame, but please come if you can!" She said as she presented tickets to the concert to Negi. Negi took the tickets with a bit curious look on his face. But before he could say anything, Ako had already dashed away, wailing around her arms. "G-Gotta run!"

And with that, Madoka and Ako left but not without Trunks getting a ticket from Madoka since he was invited as well. "What was that about?" Negi asked.

"'Love at first sight,' you think?" Kazumi smiled.

"I say," Kuririn joined in. "But anyways, how did you grow up so quickly? What did you do?" Goku was curious as well. Gohan proceeded to explain how the process worked and what it entailed. As he explained to Kuririn and Goku with Negi, Kotarou, Goten and Trunks on the side, they heard a scream behind them. It was coming from Eva, who had a blush on her face as well as a surprised look too.

"Na-Nagi! Why're you…?"

"Oh! Evangeline-san!" Negi greeted. As soon as Eva heard Negi, her blush subsided but now had a curious look on her face as she realized that it was the boy grown up. She was curious though on how he was able to do it so Negi proceeded to explain what Gohan had stated earlier about the magic pills and that he, Kotarou, Goten and Trunks took them in order to participate in the Budokai.

"…to participate in the martial arts tournament, huh?" Eva asked, repeating what Negi had said earlier. Negi nodded in response while scratching the back of his neck. Eva took a few glances at Negi's body, before making her decision. "Right, then! I'll enter the tournament myself."

"Huh?" exclaimed Negi, Kotarou, Gohan, Asuna and Chamo.

"But why?" Gohan asked. He knew that Eva had something planned if she was going into the tournament especially considering the competition that she was going to face. Goku meanwhile, smirked. Another powerful opponent was going to participate in the tournament. This tournament was getting better and better by the minute.

"I wanna see how my disciple's improving," answered Eva with an evil grin on her face. "Just remember though boya, if you're unable to best me in this, my weakened state, you have to spend the entire last day of the festival with me – in your current form. Up to and including dinner – and anything after."

Negi flinched as his mouth opened wide, gasping at what Eva had just said. "Since when?" he exclaimed.

"Since I said so," Eva replied nonchantly. "Master's orders. Be looking forward to it." With that, she walked away from the group but not before she looked at Gohan. "As for you assistant…" Gohan gulped, hoping it wasn't something bad. "You need to accompany me sometime during the festival. This is compensation for using my villa. Also, what I said to the boya goes double for you. See ya!" And with that, she left, leaving behind a shocked Negi as he looked at his schedule to try to figure out on how to work the details if he were to be defeated by Eva. Gohan sighed. Why does it always have to come down to dates? Gohan wondered to himself.

"Nii-chan, are you two dating?" Goten asked.

"Yeah Gohan," Asuna said menacingly with Kazumi behind her as well with a snicker on their faces. Gohan started to sweat bullets as he noticed the tick marks on their faces. "Are you?" asked Asuna and Kazumi in unison.

"What?" exclaimed Gohan. I'm going to have to reprimand Goten later for this. "No, of course not! It is like Evangeline-san said earlier; compensation for using her villa. Remember that I spent a very long time there, so I should at least repay the favor, don't you agree?"

The girls put their hand on their chins to ponder on what Gohan had just said. Kuririn, meanwhile, couldn't stop chuckling. He started to feel some pity for his friend. Thankfully he was not in Gohan's position, with him being married to Artificial Human No.18. Piccolo, in the meantime, kept mumbling to himself, saying that he didn't understand this dating thing or what love was. He rather avoid the whole situation. Trunks frowned at the girls reaction. First Videl took Gohan away from playing with him and now it was these girls. What else could go wrong?



* * *



The next day…

Gohan let out a yawn. He was exhausted. Because of the time they took in deciding what to do for the festival, class 3-A was not ready for presentation for "preview night" of the MahoFest and so they had to pull an all-nighter to finish. It would have taken more time if it hadn't been for Goku, Goten, Trunks and Kuririn in helping out. Apparently, when they were looking for the Dragon Balls, Kuririn had accidentally gone into a haunted house in an amusement park, thus giving some ideas for the class's own haunted house. Thankfully, they were able to finish it in time and the girls went to their separate clubs to help out with their booths and get ready for the festival which was the next day.

Meanwhile, Goku and his friends had found a place to stay near the campus thanks to Bulma's connections and so they were relaxing there for a bit. Well, except for Vegeta and Piccolo, who were honing their skills for the upcoming Budokai. Trunks and Goten went with Goku and Kuririn in seeing more of the Mahora campus. Now, Gohan was running along with Negi, Konoka, Setsuna and Asuna. They saw all final preparations go up as the sun went down. "The closer the festival, the weirder it seems to get," commented Setsuna. Everyone nodded in agreement.

"Oh that's right!" Negi said. "So, Asuna-san, how'd it go with Takamichi?" Gohan was curious as well. After all, she did that practice date with Negi in order to practice with Takahata. After a few seconds, Asuna gave the 'okay' signal causing everyone to congratulate her. Asuna smiled at her friends though deep down, she wanted to have Gohan to be a little jealous of the fact that she…Wait what? She screamed to herself. Why does keep happening to me? Just think of Takahata-sensei! But once she did, she got all nervous about the date.

As they continued to run along, the group heard a voice greet them. "Negi-sensei! Gohan-sensei! Hello!" It was Shizuna.

"Shizuna-sensei, hello," greeted the demi-saiyan with his Son grin. Negi did the same greeting as well.

"Glad I ran into you two," Shizuna said. "The headmaster would like to see you two."

"H-He would?" Negi asked.

"Guess we better head back to the main building then," Gohan said.

"Actually, he is not in his office," responded Shizuna. "He'd rather you two come to him at World Tree Plaza. He'd like Sakurazaki-san to come, as well."

"Okay…" Gohan wavered as he, Negi and Setsuna looked at each other with curious looks on their faces. The three of them went ahead to the plaza, wondering what the headmaster would want with them. Gohan frowned his eyes a bit as he had sensed the area for the ki signatures. What he found out was that there were multiple ki signatures, similar to that of Takahata and Negi. They must be mages, Gohan said to himself. As he scanned the area for the signatures, one came up that was familiar to him. It was Takane! Gohan started to sweat nervously a bit. If the headmaster was calling up a large group of people, Gohan would definitely have to don his Great Saiyaman outfit. He had hoped that Takane wouldn't know his identity.

As they turned the corner, Negi, Setsuna and Gohan saw a group of people standing before the World Tree. "So Negi-kun, Gohan-kun," said the headmaster as he stroked his long white beard, "we've been waiting for you." Gohan and Negi gaped at the amount of people. There was Takahata and Kotarou as well as Takane among the other faces that Negi and Gohan didn't know.

"Who are all these people?" asked Negi. Gohan was about to say the same thing but he got the idea that all of these people were either mages or extremely skilled people that worked with the headmaster.

"I suppose I've yet to introduce them, Negi-kun," the headmaster said. "These people here before you – elementary, junior high, high school, university – they are all from Mahora City and they all teach magic. Students of magic are here as well, but not all, of course."

Negi blinked a few times and yelled, "Really?" The headmaster chuckled as some of the teachers began to introduce themselves to Negi. Meanwhile, Takane kept on looking at Gohan who was being introduced as well. Why does Gohan-sensei's aura feel so familiar to that of the Great Saiyaman? Takane said to herself. Either way, why is Gohan-sensei here? I'm very curious.

But before Takane could do any inquiries, the headmaster Konoemon spoke up. "Well, seeing as we are all here I might as well start with the meeting," Konoemon said. "I had gather all of us here today for a very special reason. Something problematic has come up. Ladies and gentlemen, we must decide on how to use our strength to defeat it."

"Another enemy?" Gohan asked sternly.

"A-again? Is it someone strong?" Negi asked.

"It's not like the one you faced on the field trip, but it is serious all the same," the old man said. "You know the World Tree Legend of unrequited love right?"

"Um not really..." Gohan answered.

"You really don't know Gohan-nii-san?" Kotarou asked. Gohan shook his head. "All the kids in class can't stop talking about it. Something about, make a wish there on the last day of the festival, blah, blah, blah…"

"That legend?" Negi asked. "They use it to get a lover?"

"Can't people just go themselves and ask a person to date them on any other day?" Gohan asked. "I mean, how hard could it be?" Behind him a few of the students and teachers looked away in embarrassment seeing as they couldn't do that themselves, including Setsuna.

"Ah that may apply to you, but does it apply to everyone else?" Konoemon quizzed Gohan. "Not everyone can be as courageous and straightforward as you Gohan-kun. That is why they go and do things like this, to see if they really can get their wish. That is why I called you here because the legend is true."

"Hweh?" gaped everyone.

"You mean..." Gohan said.

"Correct," Konoemon said. "Wishes do come true, even if only once every twenty-two years. And so, what I everyone to do – on the last of the festival, in particular, is to prevent any and all students from attempting to put the world-legend to the test especially as it relates to matters of the heart."

"You mean you won't let their wish be granted!" Negi, Kotarou, Gohan and Chamo shouted in unison.

"Isn't that just a superstition?" Setsuna asked.

"Ho ho ho, let me explain this briefly. The students call this the World Tree and take care of it, but it's not an ordinary tree," the headmaster started. "What students here call the 'World Tree' is, in reality, the Shinboku or 'Sacred Tree' Banto deep inside which a most powerful magic is hidden. It is, in effect a magic tree. Once, every twenty-two years, the magical energy accumulates to such a point that it begins to flow outward from the tree. From deep in its center, there are six main loci from which the magic emanates. This plaza is one of those locations. This magic is extremely susceptible to human emotion – lust for global domination, vast wealth or women's underwear (Oolong sneezed) – none of these affect it."

The old man took a stop to get a breather before continuing. "However, when it comes to confessions of love, it's more likely to occur by 120 percent! A spell that powerful should be used correctly." Most of the people around couldn't see it, but Gohan saw what old man was envisioning, his and Konoka's wedding at that very moment. They were all dressed up, with the rest of 3-A there as well as others.

"You're not serious are you?" Gohan sweatdropped.

"I'm dead serious. Changing weather patterns, the environment…who knows why, but what should happen next year is happening now. And that, friends, is the reason for this sudden convocation."

"No no no, I didn't mean the whole world tree thing. I got that," Gohan said waving his arms. "I was asking about the picture in your head. I don't think I needed the visual." The rest of the group sweat dropped at what Gohan said and were very confused.

"Um Gohan-sensei? What are you talking about?" Setsuna asked.

"You mean you guys didn't see the thing he imagined?" Everyone shook their heads.

"Ho ho ho, can you read minds now Gohan-kun?" the headmaster asked. Gohan shook his head. "Well that was odd, but getting back onto topic…"

"But Headmaster," interrupted Negi, "what's so wrong with falling in love?"

"But it is wrong!" the old man answered. "The permanent binding of affections through magic goes against the most strongly held beliefs of any magus. Would you want to fall in love against your will?"

"I guess," answered Gohan. He turned his head to see Negi trembling a bit, murmuring something like 'I am a criminal.' Gohan got curious and asked, "What's wrong with Negi-san?"

"N-Nothing is wrong!" Chamo exclaimed, waving his hands.

"Moving along," Konoemon said. "I imagine the rumor has spread to every student on campus by now."

"And how," continued one of the females teachers in the meeting. "The 'Seven wonders' Club, the Academy Historical Society, the Occult Researchers Club, even the 'World Tree Lovers' – all have conducted their own investigations into the World Tree's glow and some have come perilously close to the truth. Combined with articles published in 'Mahora Sports' and opinions posted online, the total depth of rumor penetration is 79% among women and 34% among men…although I'd say the number who actually believe the rumor is far less."

"And yet," continued a male teacher, "even if we were only talking those who believe in fortune-telling, or in urban myths, we'll have no shortage of girls putting the rumor to the test, I should think."

The headmaster let out a sigh. "Such is how things stand," Konoemon said. "Although the day of most danger will no doubt be the final day of the festival, already activity has been noticed. Badly as I feel for the students, I must ask that you guard all six areas from confession."

"Right!" Everyone nodded.

"Someone is watching us," a girl with reddish brown hair stated. She was in the school uniform and had a broom. A man with wearing a suit and had slicked back hair and a beard, clicked something. Then he waved his hand, sending a wave of air that sliced a flying machine. No chanting at all and that was pretty impressive too, Gohan thought.

"Seems like there are students who don't like mages huh?" Gohan asked.

"I sensed no magical power…must be mechanical," the man in black said. "A student perhaps? If so, not bad – getting past the barrier. We must never underestimate the students, but I'll find them."

"You mustn't think of it as mere youthful ardor. Our students stand to lose their very youth. Please use the utmost caution in your use of magic…or ki for Gohan-kun and Kotarou-kun." Takane's ears perked up. Ki? She asked herself. Doesn't Saiyaman-san use… Before she could finish her thought, the old man said, "I'll be counting on you all. Please begin your scheduled shifts immediately." Everyone nodded. Most of the people left, leaving only Setsuna, Negi, Kotarou and Gohan.

"You know, I think we should get paid for this," Kotarou said aloud.

"Do you think you will be able to handle all the confessions Negi-kun?"

"Hah?"

"Hmm? Do you have in mind some success?" the old man asked rubbing his beard.

"No! Not really! Hahahaha." Negi forced a laugh and scratched the back of his head.

"How about you Gohan-kun?" the old man turned to the dark haired man.

"You don't need to worry Konoemon-san," Gohan said with a Son grin on his face. "I'll make sure that nothing bad happens."

"Good," smiled the headmaster. "You guys are dismissed." The quartet nodded and began to walk the streets of Mahora. They never saw a ghost or a red head leaving the area.



* * *



A few minutes later…

"That was amazing that the legend of the world tree is true," Negi spoke, breaking the comfortable silence the group had while walking. "And I also didn't know the extent of magic teachers that work here." Gohan nodded. Kotarou was busy eating an apple.

"Though I have to disagree with fighting the whole romantic stuff, it's not really a big deal," Kotarou replied finishing his apple. "What I really want is to fight those teachers. Like I say, those Western mages are all no damn…"

"Kotarou!" Negi said. "Does it always have to come down to that for you?"

"What? You disagree?" Kotarou glared at Negi as sparks flew between the two of them.

Gohan chuckled at the scene of Kotarou and Negi arguing between themselves. "So Negi-san how are you going to handle all your dates?" he asked to the boy, breaking the tension between Negi and Kotarou.

"OH NO! I forgot all about them!" Negi shouted. He took out his schedule and looked it over. "How am I supposed to go on all these dates?" Anime tears streamed from the red head's face as he did, causing the rest of them to sweat drop. "How did this happen to me?"

"Well..." Gohan began to speak.

"Gohan-sensei I don't think it is the right time to be teasing Negi-sensei," Setsuna said.

"Okay Setsuna-san. By the way, do you want to do something during the festival?" Gohan asked the girl. Setsuna's eyes widened at the request.

"W-what do you mean by that G-Gohan-sensei?" she stuttered her face sporting a faint blush.

"I want to hang out with you Setsuna-san. I mean, after all that we have been through, I wanted to take you out somewhere as compensation for helping us out. I haven't forgotten our promise that you gave me before, remember?"

"N-no, I haven't forgotten the promise but I don't know what we should do..." Setsuna replied.

"We can always just walk around the festival if you want, we'll find something interesting hopefully," Gohan said as he walked ahead. Setsuna had a small smile and nodded.

"Okay Gohan-sensei, we'll hang out."

"That's good to hear." As their conversation ended someone had crashed into the fruit stand next to them.

"Are you alright?" Negi asked. He and the rest of the group rushed to the person's side and found that it was none other than Chao from their class.

"Ne-Negi-bozu. Can you help me out? Suspicious people are chasing me!" she asked. The group heard another crash behind them. Turning around they stood face to face with six black figures with cloaks and white masks. They reminded Gohan about the jesters he read about in some books. The figures didn't speak but just attacked them.

"We have to get out of here now!" Gohan shouted. The group nodded in agreement. Running up to the girl on the floor, Gohan placed his hands on Chao's back and behind her knees. "Sorry about this Chao-san," Gohan apologized before jumping up into the sky and onto the roofs, followed by Negi, Setsuna and Kotarou. As they were roof hopping more of those shadow things began chasing them.

"Why can't we just fight them?" Kotarou asked.

"If we do, more than enough people will begin to suspect something," Gohan replied from the front of the group. "And innocent people might get hurt in the cross-fires."

"Chao-san what is happening?" Negi asked.

"The truth is I am being chased by an evil magician. I was hoping Negi-sensei and Gohan-sensei can help me," Chao replied from within Gohan's arms.

"Ev-Evil magician?" More of the thing appeared in front of them.

"Setsuna-san!" Gohan shouted.

"On it!" She went in front of Gohan, before swatting away the beings with her still sheathed sword. Gohan took evasive actions against these things as he dodged each one but they managed to take off the jacket Chao was wearing, revealing her to be in a pink Chinese dress, thigh high black stockings and gave him a good panty shot.

"Chao-san you okay?" Gohan asked the girl as he put her down on the roof.

"I'm alright Gohan-kun," the Chinese girl replied.

"Should we fight back?" Setsuna asked.

"They are similar to my dog spirits, so killing them will be alright!" Kotarou said.

"Let's do it then," Gohan told the group. Just as he finished speaking, the beings appeared before them again.

"Ke! I've been waiting for some action!' Kotarou threw a Ki infused punch, destroying one of them. He then followed up by going into a flurry of kicks and punches dispelling more of them. Setsuna drew her sword and cut them some of them in half. Gohan, while holding onto Chao with one arm, sent out small blue ki balls at the shadow things. He coincidentally hit them as the fireworks went off. He tried to be the least flashy as possible as to not draw attention, especially if Goku and his friends had felt his ki rising.

"SEPTENDECUM SAGITTA MAGICA, SERIES LUCIS!" Negi shouted before seventeen arrows made of light flew from orbs that appeared around him and destroyed more of the beings coming towards them. There was a deafening boom that resounded throughout the entire plaza, catching the attention of most of the people around them.

"A little too flashy aren't we Negi-san?" Gohan said with a frown.

"Hehe sorry about that Gohan-san..." Negi replied. The ten year old teacher then saw more people drop around the two. The demi-saiyan and red head looked at each other before nodding. The two spun around and punched the things around them, Negi using lightning magic to increase his strength, while Gohan used his kicks. Safe to say that none of the opponents were left standing after that.



* * *



Meanwhile…

"Sagita Magica?"the girl with the broom from the meeting thought. "The opponent has a mage among them."

"Seventeen of my shadow henchmen were taken out in an instant," spoke Takane telepathically. "I thought we were here for a single student of magic." Please let it not be the Great Saiyaman helping her out, Takane said to herself.

"The genius Chao Lingshen has a mage as her companion? Or is it that she is blessed with some luck?" asked the black man.



* * *



Meanwhile…

The group of five was standing in another alleyway and was discussing what had just occurred. Gohan was leaning against the wall of a building his arms crossed, and his eyes closed, trying to get a read on the ki signatures. Kotarou was looking away uninterested, leaving only Setsuna and Negi talking to Chao. "Ah thank you for saving me," Chao said.

"We can't let our guards down just yet. The person controlling those puppets should still be nearby," Setsuna said.

"True," Gohan said as he opened his eyes.

"But I'm so surprised that everyone is so strong!" Chao had said a little too loudly. "I'm surprised that in this era there are still so many people who can fight without guns. Then to perform magic as if to release fireworks. That was smart Negi-sensei!"

"Ah, I still require practice," Negi replied sheepishly. "By the way you know about magic Chao-san?"

"As much as Hakase, sure," responded the Chinese girl.

"But who was chasing you? If there are really evil mages inside the school..."

"Oh ha ha ha... This..." Gohan's eyes flew open at the forced laugh and stared intently at the girl in front of them.

"Maybe we should wait awhile. It seems like those following us know where we are," Gohan informed them. "Their ki signatures are heading this way."

"Yeah. It seems like there are three of them nearby," Kotarou continued.

"Ahh this isn't good. If they catch me they will erase my memory," Chao said worriedly.

"They've already got the area surrounded. Starting from the right, there is one a couple feet away from us on the roof," Gohan stated.

"We'll win by attacking first. We will go out this direction, finish them within the crowd, and Setsuna-san will handle the one on the roof," Negi laid out the plan. Gohan smiled, seeing as Negi came up with it within seconds of finding out what just happened.

"I'll stay here with Chao-san. I'll transform into the Great Saiyaman and if they get past you guys, I'll just simply fly away," Gohan said. The rest of the group nodded before springing the trap. When the group was gone, Gohan transformed into the Great Saiyaman. When the transformation was finished, he turned his attention to Chao, his eyes narrowed behind his sunglasses. "So what type of game are you playing Chao-san?" Gohan asked as he saw Chao looking at him with an innocent look.

"Whatever do you mean by that Gohan-sensei?" the girl replied. She gasped as Gohan crossed the distance between them in a second, and forced her to put her back on the wall, his hands on either side of her head.

"Those people following you, they are the ones from the meeting I was at not too long ago."

"Oh?" she said still playing the innocent card.

Gohan growled. "What are you planning?"

"I'm not planning anything~" she said with a sing song voice, not at all threatened by his presence. "Though what are you planning?" Gohan raised an eyebrow at this. "If someone were to look down this alley and saw how we are standing, it would seem like you were forcing yourself onto me, especially considering that you are super hero. The people wouldn't like their hero do something immoral now, would they?" Chao smirked as he growled again and got off of her. He threw a glare at her before his eyes softened making her adopt a confused look.

"I shouldn't be treating my students like that," Gohan muttered. He let out a sigh. "I'll believe you for now Chao-san."

"Really?"

"Really. Even though you are acting suspicious right now, you are still my student. I will protect you from whoever it is chasing you." Though they may seem to have come to terms, their thoughts were a bit different.

You are up to something Chao-san. I wonder what though, Gohan said to himself.

Kufufufu seems like Gohan-sensei caught on rather fast. The stories from great-grandmother were right, he is good, Chao thought. Just then a group of the shadow creatures that they were facing earlier dropped down. Gohan got into a defensive stance in front of Chao. As the creatures approached, Gohan wasted no time and grabbed Chao once again and flew into the air. The shadow creatures followed.

Gohan tried to put some distance between him and the creatures but couldn't. It seems the only course of action is to fight them, Gohan said to himself as he let Chao down on one of the roofs and phased out quickly. Chao awed at Gohan's speed as he appeared behind the creatures. With a quick engulfment of an aura, Gohan quickly dispatched the creatures with ki enhanced punches and kicks. Once he finished the creatures off, he suddenly felt a tug in the air. It was a powerful presence. He turned around, a small ki ball formed his hand just in case, to see Takane in front of him holding a wand at his face. "T-Takane-san?"

"I knew it," Takane said. "I knew you were trouble from the moment I first saw you."

"Now wait a minute Takane-san, I can explain."

"I trusted you Saiyaman-san," Takane cried softly. "Now, it's time to end this!" Takane lifted up her hand, chanting a powerful incantation. She brought down her arm, ready to send out her attack. Gohan was too entranced to block or dodge the incoming attack. Luckily he didn't have to do anything as Takane's wrist was grabbed by a black man in a white suit.

"Sensei!" Takane said.

Before Gohan could say anything else, they heard a voice coming from behind him. "Gohan-san!" Takane and Gohan turned their attention to the voices to Negi and the group along with a girl with a broom.

Takane turned wide-eyed. "G-Gohan-san? You mean that the Great Saiyaman is…"

"I think it is time we move to a better location to speak," the man in the suit interrupted. Gohan nodded.

"I agree. We'll meet in the park near the world tree," Gohan said.



* * *



A few minutes later…

Gohan and the group all met at a nearby park. Takane still had a furious look on her face but with a hint of a blush as well, especially when Gohan took off his disguise to talk to the black man in the white suit. "Gohan-sensei, Negi-sensei, why in the world would you two protect problem-student Chao Lingshen?" Gohan's eyes frowned a bit once he heard the words 'problem-student.'

"Because we're her teacher, that's why!" Negi said.

"Surely you'd do the same for one of your students?" Gohan added. The black man, Takane and the girl with the broom all flinched at the news.

"What's that?" Takane said.

The black man grinned. "Now I see. So that's why you protected her like that. I must admit, you had me worried – 'What sort of rogue mages have they let in here?,' I thought. I also couldn't believe that Gohan-sensei had possessed that kind of strength to easily defeat Takane-san's shadow warriors."

Takane let out a grunt. "Whatever," she muttered. "Like that matters. They should receive punishment for defying us." Especially Gohan-sensei for deceiving me, Takane said to herself.

"Negi-sensei, Gohan-sensei, I must ask that you defer to us," the black man said. "Chao Lingshen? Come with us." Then with a snap of Takane's fingers, two shadow warriors appeared behind Chao and apprehended her.

"Negi-bozu!" Chao cried as she was carried by the two shadow warriors with Takane at their side.

"What do you mean to do with Chao-san?" asked Gohan. Takane continued to walk, ignoring Gohan's question. "Takane-san, answer me."

Takane stopped walking. "Why should I talk to a traitor?" She replied. "Answer me that Gohan-sensei!"

Gohan flinched. She is still mad about the whole Great Saiyaman thing, Gohan said to himself. I don't blame her though. Somehow this situation feels like déjà vu. "Takane-san, I am sorry about not telling who I really was. I had to keep my identity a secret from the people. You must know how that feels especially since you are a mage and cannot show your powers to anyone except to other mages."

Takane's head looked down. Gohan was right. He had every reason to hide his true persona from everyone, especially when he had a great sense of justice like she did. But that wasn't the reason why she was mad. She was mad because she felt betrayed that Gohan didn't trust her enough to tell her about his secret identity. He had told to Negi and to that other girl who was with the young boy. Why couldn't he tell her? Maybe it was because she was in lo–No! Takane shook her head, I am definitely not in that mood. He is a teacher. Who would fall in love with him?

Gohan got a bit worried and asked once again, "Takane-san? What is going to happen to Chao-san?"

Takane breathed in and turned around to face Gohan. A blush was across her face as she stared at the dark haired demi-saiyan. "No one's quite sure, but one thing, though, is certain – all memory of mages must be wiped from her mind."

"Wiped? You mean as in erase?" Negi asked. Gohan clenched his fists. "B-But it's so sudden! Can't you give her…"

"Actually Negi-sensei," interrupted the black man, "Chao-kun's already on her third warning."

"So," Gohan growled, "It doesn't mean that you should wipe her memories away. That is not justice." Takane blushed at Gohan's statement. Her feelings of forgiving the demi-saiyan were surfacing in her mind but she kept them at bay. She needed to keep a cool head right now.

The black man stared at the scowling demi-saiyan, who didn't like this sense of justice. Just because Chao knew about mages doesn't mean that they should wipe her memory. "Gohan-sensei, in order for mages to peacefully co-exist in this modern world, our existence must be kept secret. It's best that mundanes never know of us. For own reasons, we've allowed Chao-kun somewhat in on the situation, but it's not as though we can tell her all of it. Now, we find she's deployed a mechanical device to eavesdrop on an area where normal people would never be allowed. Disruption of school rules by any other student would result in punishment. This is the third time you've chosen to defy us, am I right?"

Chao resigned herself. "Y-Yes…"

The black man continued. "You must know, then, that having ignored all our warnings, you must be reprimanded. Am I right?"

"I-I guess so…"

Gohan still didn't like this. "Still, should you really be erasing people's memories against their will?" He asked.

"Gohan-san," Negi awed at Gohan's courage.

"She's called a 'problem-student' for a reason," stated the black man. "She's even been known to aid the criminal Evangeline upon occasion. She's not to be taken lightly."

"But I…" Gohan said but clenched his fists in frustration. This is wrong! He said to himself. Kuso! What would Dad do here?

"No," said a stern Negi as he clenched his fists. "You have no authority over the students of 3-A. Like Gohan-san, I'm not about to stand by and allow you to pass judgment on them as criminals! Chao-san is our student and in this, you will defer to me and Gohan-san!" Gohan opened his mouth gasping but soon enough it turned into a smile. He couldn't have said it any better himself.

"Hmnn," pondered the black man for a few seconds. "Then I suppose today I shall to trust you two, Negi-kun and Gohan-kun. I leave the field to you." And with that, the black man, Takane and the girl with the broom went off walking ahead. "What a strange bunch they are, especially Gohan-kun," muttered the black man with a smile.

"Thank you Negi-bozu, Gohan-kun!" Chao said happily. "I owe you two my life!"

"It's no problem," Gohan replied with a Son grin on his face. "You don't have to worry about it."

"But Chao-san," Negi said, "for them to call you a 'problem student', what is it that you have done?"

"That's a secret!" Chao said, drawing a suspicious look from Gohan. Although he defended her from being taken away, Gohan knew that Chao was hiding something. That was one of the reasons why he defended her; to see what Chao was up to. However, Gohan would let the questioning slide…for now.

Soon day became night as the 'preview night' of Mahorafest started. Gohan had brought along Goku and the gang to meet up with Negi and Class 3-A to watch the World Tree light up. Goten and Trunks played with Fumika and Fuka while Ku Fei and Goku did a light practice spar. Vegeta leaned against the wall, drawing some of the girls towards because of his 'cool' attitude. However, once he brushed them off, they thought differently. Piccolo meanwhile, was getting hammered by everyone, asking him where did he get that 'green' costume. Gohan chuckled at the scene and chatted with Negi, talking about the strange looking watch that Chao had given him. They were curious though. Soon the fireworks set off, causing everyone in the streets to scream out, "The Mahorafest has finally started!"



* * *



Meanwhile, on a flying blimp, three people were talking amongst themselves as they watched the festivities begin up in the skies. "Negi-sensei and Gohan-sensei and the others – how were they?" asked Hakase.

"Great!" replied Chao. "I'd scanned Chachamaru's data and heard your stories, Hakase. I was completely surprised by Gohan-kun's strength even though it wasn't his full power. Negi-bozu was a better person than I thought as well. I like both of them. If we can manage to get him onboard, I think he might prove quite useful to us. Don't you agree mister?" Chao asked, looking behind Chachamaru and Hakase to another figure who was wearing a cloak over his head.

The figure grinned underneath the cloak. "Of course." He stood up and joined the group to watch the festivities with a monkey tail wagging behind him.



* * *



Author's note: Hey everybody! Hope you guys enjoyed the chapter and the re-introduction of the Z senshi as well as the mysterious character revealed at the end! I won't say anything on who it is so you can fire away on who you think it is. Anyways, in this chapter, I wanted to make the chase scene a little more action and trauma. As we see here, Takane was a little shell-shocked on finding out on the identity of the Great Saiyaman. Don't worry. We will see more of her later on as well. Expect for a twist in the next chapter.

Also, there is a tv reference in this chapter. Find it and a neat little treat will be given to you. First off, it is not from an animated show so it is live-action. And its from a well-known character that likes to wear suits. Hope that helps.

READ AND REVIEW! I really enjoy reading your reviews. Some of them have been quite entertaining. As I mentioned before, the more reviews there are, the more it wants to make me write more chapters. So keep them coming! See you guys next week! Peace!





*Chapter 22*: Power of the Time Moving Watch!


			Discalimer: I don't own anything. See Chapter 1 for details.

Author's note: Hey everybody! How you guys doing? Hope your week went well. Mine did! Hehehe. One week till I move to Japan. I have almost everything packed up and ready to go. It's going to be a long flight and I wished I could have traveled in style by sitting in business but it costs way too much for me. Oh well. There is always next time right?

Thank you guys for the reviews! I really enjoying reading them so please send more. Congrats to SSJ5-Gohan for being my 200th reviewer! Thanks for your awesome support SSJ5-Gohan. Just a reminder to everyone else that reading this, check out my profile page for the link to the first opening of Saiyan in Mahora that he, SSJ5-Gohan, made. It is pretty cool. Check it out!

I want to thank naioka1992 for beta-reading this chapter. So let me present Chapter 22 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 22: Power of the Time Moving Watch! Negi Springfield, Kissing Machine!

It was a beautiful day at Mahora City. The sun was shining brightly and there were very clouds in the sky. People walked in the streets, galvanizing on the nice weather they were having. Then, a strong wind passed by them. They looked up to see a row of planes running across the sky, leaving behind a trail of smoke in their wake. The smokes were color coded and left some interesting shapes in the sky. Everyone stood in awe at the sight. Mahorafest had finally started!

"THIS IS IT!" yelled the PA announcer. "THE 78TH ANNUAL MAHORA FESTIVAL STARTS NOW!" Everyone cheered at the announcement. A parade with interesting balloons went through the district of Mahora. Everyone was in awe. There were various events going on at the same time; some of which included a showing of the infamous Mahora Sentai Rangers, with their very famous song in the background and also an air show of synchronized plane-flying.

Gohan gaped at the sight. It was more amazing that he could even dream of. "Wow!" he awed. "This is incredible!" And he wasn't the only one. Alongside Gohan were Goku, Goten, Trunks, Kuririn, Vegeta and Piccolo. Goten and Trunks were in awe with sparkles in their eyes and a dreamy look on their faces.

"Man I thought that the last Tenkaichi Budokai was showy, but this is incredible," Kuririn muttered.

"Tsk, I don't get at all these things," Vegeta mused. "Why can't they just start the bloody Budokai?"

"Come on Vegeta," Goku said. "Have some fun! Live a little!"

"Hmph. Whatever Kakarotto," Vegeta said.

"Papa," Trunks ran up to Vegeta, tugging at the Prince of Saiyan's pants, "can we go on some of the rides?"

Vegeta looked at down and let out a small grin. "Sure Trunks, do whatever you want," he said in his usual tone.

"Yatta!" Trunks screamed happily. He turned to his partner in crime and pointed to an interesting ride that was in the distance. "Goten, let's go on that ride!"

Goten nodded in agreement. He so wanted to get on many rides as possible. It was like a dream come true for him as he and Trunks went off to go play at the ride. Gohan smiled at Goten's and Trunks's playful faces. He was glad that he had brought along his family and friends to the festival. Gohan and the rest of the gang walked around a bit more, taking in more of the incredible scene that was unfolding before them.

Then suddenly, Gohan felt a tap on his shoulder. He turned around to see Goku's face before him, looking at certain direction. "What's up Dad?" the demi-saiyan questioned.

"Isn't that Negi over there?" Goku asked as he pointed towards a certain direction. Gohan turned his head to the appropriate place and noticed some familiar figures before him. It was Negi, Asuna, Setsuna and Konoka.

"You're right Dad," Gohan answered. "Let's go and greet them. Oi Negi-san!" Gohan greeted the group, causing them to their heads to see Gohan and his friends coming towards them.

"Gohan-san, Goku-san, Kuririn-san, Piccolo-san, Vegeta-san! Good morning!" greeted the boy with a polite bow.

"Yo Negi, how are you doing?" Goku greeted with his Son grin.

"I'm doing great Goku-san," Negi replied. "The girls and I just came from the class 3-A haunted house."

"Oh yeah, you guys were doing that," Kuririn mused. "I have been hearing a lot of good stuff about your haunted house. What did you think of it?"

Negi started to tremble in fear. "It was scary! Especially the last part…" Negi muttered softly so as to not let Asuna hear the last part specifically.

Kuririn laughed. "Hahahaha! I'm glad! Man, I thought my suggestions were going to suck."

"It was your idea Kuririn-san?" Negi asked with his mouth gaping.

"Sure," replied the Earthling, "remember that I gave the class ideas for the haunted house? I'm glad that my ideas are being used. Hehehehe, can't wait to see it."

"But wouldn't you be scared Kuririn-san?" Setsuna asked. "I mean, when we went to that haunted house…"

"That was different!" interrupted Kuririn with a blush on his face. "It was a totally different situation! Don't remind me of that!" Everyone got a good laugh while Kuririn blushed even more in embarrassment.

Asuna slowed her laugh to notice that Piccolo wasn't getting into much of the conversation. "Piccolo-san, is something the matter?" she asked the Namekian.

"Grr, I wish those damn people would stop pestering me for autographs or having pictures taken with their kids," complained a slightly embarrassed Piccolo. "It's so damn annoying." Asuna giggled a bit. Piccolo turned to her with a slight blush on his face. "What is so funny?"

"Nothing," Asuna said. "I didn't think that they would confuse you with one of the entertainers."

"That's right, why didn't I think of that," Gohan said.

"Well whatever," mentioned the Namekian. "I wish they would just leave me alone." Everyone laughed once again. However, Negi tumbled a bit as he landed on Gohan's chest, his eyes heavy with sleep.

"What's wrong Negi-kun?" Konoka asked.

"Nothing," said the boy. "It's nothing at all."

"Of course it is not nothing," Gohan said as he held up the boy from passing out. "You are sleep deprived."

"I'm fine Gohan-san," Negi responded as he tried to shake off Gohan's grip from his shoulders.

"No, it's not fine," Konoka said worriedly. "You have been staying up all night."

"Is that true Negi?" Goku asked.

Negi bowed in his head. "Yes, it's true."

"Well, you should get a nap," Gohan stated with a Son grin on his face. "After all, you have all those dates to go to."

"You don't have to remind me Gohan-san," pouted Negi. Everyone laughed.

"You can take a nap at the infirmary," Konoka mentioned. "So I'll…" She was about to say that she was going to take him there, but seeing that Gohan was here before her, she might as well take the chance to spend some time with him alone. She blushed at the thought of her "devious" plan.

"Ne, Konoka-san, is something wrong?" asked Gohan as he put his face in front of her very closely, seeing that Konoka was getting red in the face.

Konoka flinched. "Nothing is wrong Gohan-kun," Konoka said, wailing her arms around as she tried to not draw attention to her blush. Setsuna and Asuna gave a small jealous glare at Konoka as they both knew what Konoka was probably thinking about.

Kuririn on the other hand, knew exactly what was going on and noticed the small glares that Setsuna and Asuna were giving. I might as well help the poor girl out, Kuririn said to himself. "Hey Asuna-san, why don't you take me to the haunted house? I want to see it first-hand."

"Huh?" Asuna sounded. "Can't you go there yourself, I'm kind of busy."

"I know, I know. But I don't know my way around. I wanted to see if you could show me in the right direction," Kuririn said.

"But I…"

"Yeah, why don't you Asuna-san?" Gohan said. Kuririn drew a smile. Nice one Gohan, even though it may have been unintentional, Kuririn said to himself.

Asuna sweated a bit. She definitely felt that Konoka was going to take advantage of the situation and be alone with Gohan. Somewhere, deep down, she didn't want that. She wanted to be alone with the demi-saiyan and maybe a ki…Wait! What? Asuna shook her head. What the hell am I thinking? I hate the dark haired baka. I liked Takahata-sensei! I even asked him out on a date! Jesus, what is wrong with me? Asuna let out a sigh. "Fine," she said. "Let's go."

"All right," Kuririn said. "Hey Goku, why don't you and Setsuna-san take Negi-san to the infirmary?"

Setsuna was about to protest but Konoka beat her to the punch when she said, "Yeah why don't you Se-chan?" she asked with glint in her eye.

Setsuna gulped as she tried to think of the options. She definitely didn't want Konoka to be the one alone with Gohan but then again, she never disobeyed her ojou-sama. "As you wish ojou-sama."

"Great!" Konoka smiled. She was going to have to thank Kuririn later for this great opportunity. She then turned to the unsuspecting demi-saiyan. "So Gohan-kun, can you help me out my club? I would greatly appreciate your help."

Gohan smiled and gave a nod. "Sure why not?" He replied. "After all, I did schedule myself to help you out." Konoka's smile beamed brightly. She was so happy right now.

"Great!" she said happily. "Why don't we go now?" Konoka said as she grabbed Gohan's hand and pulled him along for the ride and away from the group. Goku looked at them with curiousity, wondering why the girl was so happy about having Gohan go along with her. Vegeta, meanwhile, smirked as he turned around and headed towards a different direction. He needed to do something to pass the time until the start of the Budokai. Piccolo followed the Prince as he wanted to do something to pass the time as well.



* * *



After a few minutes of walking and having his hand being pulled by a smiling Konoka, Gohan was at the booth for the Divination Club, helping out Konoka. The booth was pretty interesting. He never looked much into fortune telling but he smiled on how Konoka was having a lot of fun telling people's fortune. Her smile was bright and warm. He was glad to have met her and know her so well. Gohan helped out with booth as well as he brought people inside while at the same time do his duties in trying to stop people from confessing near the World Tree.

After a few hours of working at the booth, Konoka let out a sigh. "Something wrong Konoka-san?" asked Gohan as he brought her drink from a nearby vending machine. He got one himself as well and opened the can.

"Nothing is wrong," Konoka said with a smile. "I am just extremely happy right now. It feels like a dream."

"I know what you mean," Gohan said as he took another sip of his drink. There were a few seconds of awkward silence between the two. Konoka was sweating nervously. Gohan was right next to her and she didn't what to say to the demi-saiyan. Gohan in the meantime, was thinking of something to say but wasn't sure. He wasn't as nervous as Konoka though. Then suddenly an idea popped in his head. "Ne, Konoka-san, why don't we go around the festival a bit? I have been dying to see some of the other booths around here."

Konoka turned her head, a blush ridden across her face. "Really Gohan-kun?" she asked.

Gohan gave his trademark Son grin. "Sure why not. Can you get someone to cover you right now?"

Konoka nodded. "Mm-mmm, I'll go get someone to cover me."

"Great," responded the demi-saiyan. Within a few minutes, Konoka was able to ask one of her club members to cover her post as she and Gohan walked around the festival. Both of them saw many different booths, tried many different kinds of foods (with Gohan almost eating out certain booths) and played various games at certain booths. All in all, both Gohan and Konoka were having a lot of fun. But like most of the time, good things must come to an end.

The sky was getting dark of late. Gohan quickly looked at his clock and noticed how late it was getting, especially since he had to be at the tournament. Gohan and Konoka were having so much fun that they sort of lost track of time. "Well, Konoka-san, I should get going."

"Aww, why now?" pouted Konoka.

Gohan chuckled. "Sorry Konoka-san, I promised that I would hang out with my Dad and Goten a bit longer." Plus, I need to go to the Budokai to participate, Gohan said to himself. "Besides, I also wanted to check up on Negi-san. I'm sorry about this Konoka-san."

Konoka smiled brightly with a small hint of a blush on her face. "That's okay Gohan-kun," she said as she grabbed Gohan's hands and held it in front of her. "I had such a great time with you. It was the best day ever." And I wouldn't trade it for anything else, Konoka said with giggle. Well, maybe not anything…

"Konoka-san," Gohan said with his Son grin. "I had fun too. I wish that I could have brou…"

But before Gohan could say anything else, Konoka suddenly went to his face and kissed him on his lips, completely surprising the demi-saiyan. Gohan was in shock to say the least as Konoka left a profound kiss on the lips. "Thank you Gohan-kun," Konoka said happily. "We should do it again sometime." And with that, she ran off towards the opposite direction. She left behind an entranced Gohan who was at a loss of words. He touched his lips with his fingers.

"What just happened?"



* * *



Inside Mahora Academy…

Gohan walked back and forth in the Academy for the past few hours, still in shock on being kissed on the lips by Konoka. He tried to analyze all possible answers for why she kissed the demi-saiyan but nothing that he came up with sounded reasonable enough. He needed to do something to clear his head. Maybe seeing what Negi-san is doing might do the trick, Gohan said to himself. He walked around the school, past the various lines to the events that were going on in the building until the demi-saiyan arrived at the infirmary. Once he opened the door, he found Chamo, Negi and Setsuna all asleep.

"Oi why are you three sleeping?" Gohan asked. Suddenly Negi bolted up and looked around.

"Why is it dark Gohan-san?" he asked groggily.

Gohan checked his watch. "It's eight at night. Have you guys been sleeping here the entire time?" Gohan asked.

"EIGHT O'CLOCK AT NIGHT!" Negi shouted, thus waking up the other occupants of the room. "C-Crap!" Gohan raised an eyebrow. He's never heard Negi curse in his entire time there, not even in the slightest. "I overslept! I still need to go see how everyone is doing, and there's the pre-tournament for the teachers! There are a lot of things that I need to do!" Negi got up and began running around the room. "Setsuna-san, Gohan-san, what do I do?"

"I don't know I was asleep as well!" Setsuna shouted.

"What about your date with Nodoka?" Chamo asked.

"That was at four!" Negi replied. "Let's go there first!"

"It's too late for that, knowing Nodoka, she waited there for the whole four hours!" Setsuna shouted. Negi and Chamo paled. Negi then began to freak out even more, and Setsuna began apologizing like mad. Gohan frowned, and walked up to the two of them. He patted Negi and Setsuna on the head, calming the two of them down.

"You guys okay now?" Gohan asked. The group nodded. "Good it's bad if you freak out. I'm sure that Nodoka-san will..." Gohan stopped himself when he saw the weird watch in Negi's hand acting up. "What the?" the rest looked and the room began to spin. When it was all over, it was no longer night time and it was bright and sunny outside the window. "What just happened?"

"Ten o'clock?" Negi said pointing at the clock on the wall.

"Eh!" the group shouted.



* * *



At the same time…

Goku and his friends were walking along the streets of the city, watching in awe at the festival and the different attractions they were showing as well. Gohan was leading them the way as he pointed out each one. Everyone was focused on the sights except for one…Piccolo. He stopped walking when he felt another presence. He focused on it. What is this ki that I am sensing? Piccolo asked himself. It feels so familiar…no, it couldn't be? His eyes turned wide-eyed as he realized who the ki signature belonged to. Impossible! He is right here in front of us! How could that be? I will have to look into this more deeply.



* * *



Meanwhile….

Gohan and the group went outside of the building and noticed that they were watching the same scenes that happened during the first day of the festival. Gohan, Negi, Chamo and Setsuna noticed that something weird was going on. Gohan had a theory on what was going on so he told everyone to follow him into a nearby café store. Once they were seated down, Gohan asked Negi to take out the watch. The young scholar in training began to dissect the watch with his eyes, trying to figure out what was going on.

"Gohan-san what is going on?" Negi asked, confused on why Gohan was so interested in the watch.

"Hmmm," sounded Gohan. "Could this be that?"

Chamo immediately knew what Gohan was thinking. "Hey Gohan-anisan you don't think that this is…?"

"I'm not entirely positive but I have a theory," Gohan explained. "I do think the watch does that."

"But that can't be!" Setsuna said. "Does this watch really do the one thing that both Western and Eastern mages say can't be done?"

"I'm not entirely sure," the young scholar-in-training stated. "But we came back didn't we?"

Negi started to get flustered as he had no idea what Setsuna, Gohan and Chamo were talking about. "That? What that? And Come back from where? I don't get it! Will somebody please tell me what is going?"

"Oh sorry about that Negi-san," Gohan said. "I guess I kind of got caught up at the moment. Well, you see…" but before Gohan could continue any further, Nodoka bumped into Negi, causing a great confusion between him and Nodoka. Gohan knew what was going to happen next and went up to Nodoka. "Nodoka-san, pretend you didn't see us okay?"

"A-All right, Gohan-sensei." Nodoka's face was confused as she left the café. What was going on here?

"Gohan-san, what's going on?" Negi whispered to the demi-saiyan. Negi was about to say more but was stopped when Gohan put his hand on Negi's mouth to make him be quiet.

"Follow me," Gohan whispered. Gohan got up and followed Nodoka with Negi, Setsuna and Chamo in tow behind him. They stood at a corner and witnessed an interesting scene. Nodoka was greeting Negi!

Negi was shocked to say the least. "But that's me!" Then suddenly the group before them turned around to their direction causing Gohan, Setsuna, Chamo and Negi to hide. "What's going on?" Negi asked.

"I have a theory but," Gohan whispered but stopped when Setsuna interrupted him.

"Gohan-sensei, let me try to explain it to him," Setsuna said. Gohan nodded in agreement. He probably would have confused the poor boy even more. "This watch," said Setsuna to the boy, "it's something the entire world of magic says is impossible – a time-displacement effect!"

"Huh?" Negi was still confused.

"In other words, a time-machine," Gohan said.

A few seconds passed by. Negi blinked a few times until he finally caught on what was going on. The object that he was holding in his hand was a time machine! Though the first thing that came to his mind was "I want to go to dinosaur land!" he said with a dreamy look in his eyes.

Gohan chuckled. "He's just a kid isn't he Setsuna-san?" Gohan asked the girl next to him.

"Yeah. It's pretty easy to forget that sometimes with all he does," she replied.

"Enough talk we have to go see the festival first!" Chamo said.

"Oh that's right," Negi said sheepishly. "But this is good; I can keep my promise with Nodoka-san now."

"Don't you think this is a bit suspicious? A time machine was in the hands of Chao-san. Nothing against Bulma-san but I don't think any child genius could build one so intricate and small like this one," Gohan stated to the ermine and swordswoman.

"That's right, Chao-san should not have something like this. I mean she even gave it to us for free," Setsuna replied.

"We'll have to find her and ask then," Chamo suggested. The trio nodded and then looked back to the ten year old.

"What are you talking about? I mean how can you not trust your own classmate and student?" Negi asked happily. "Besides this solves all my problems!" Negi did a twirl and nearly bumped into someone.

"Why are you twirling around so happily? Have you caught the idiot disease from the assistant by any chance?" Eva asked the Negi stopping him mid twirl, hands still in the air. She still wearing Gothic lolita clothing, but this time it was white, and Gohan admitted a little more girly than usual. Eva had even dressed up Chachazero.

"Hey I take offense to that you know!" Gohan stated. Eva "hmphed." She then noticed that Negi was protectively holding something.

"What is that thing you are holding bouya?" Eva asked.

"N-nothing!" Negi stuttered.

"Oh hiding it makes it more suspicious. Besides I also feel something powerful from within it. So hurry it up and hand it over, I won't take advantage of it." Eva's face darkened slightly.

"Yeah! Your stuff is master's stuff, and master's stuff is master's stuff!" Chachazero chimed in. Negi stared at her for a moment before running off, Setsuna trailing behind him with Gohan not far off. But before he went any further, he turned his head back at Eva and Chachazero.

"I thought you were going to stop bullying him Evageline-san," Gohan said to the vampire.

"I wasn't bullying him. I was being evil," Eva huffed, pouting.

"Sure whatever you say..." Gohan left the statement hanging.

"Don't forget you owe me dinner on the second night of the festival," Eva reminded the demi-saiyan, without looking at him.

"Yeah I won't forget," Gohan replied before running off after the two. Her eyes trailed on his form, until he had disappeared through the crowd.

"Master why do you keep looking at the assistant like that?" Chachazero asked breaking Eva from her trance.

"What do you mean by that?"

"You keep staring at him with your eyes glazed over. Are you going to mark the assistant as your mate by any chance?" Eva's face turned a tomato red, before spluttering out nonsense then walking away. Chachazero was confused at why her master did that but followed her anyways, thinking she'll get answers from the demi-saiyan.



* * *



Meanwhile….

When Gohan finally caught up with Negi and Setsuna, he was shell-shocked. The two were wearing a matching pair of "Rabbit Costumes". Negi had on a full suit that only showed his face in the rabbit's mouth. Setsuna on the other hand, showed more skin. Her costumes showed her midriff, thighs and arms above the elbow. She had her hair down and had bunny ears. "I didn't know you were into that type of clothing Setsuna-san," Gohan said with a sweat-drop behind his head.

"I'm not like that Gohan-sensei!" she shouted, her face sporting a dark red blush.

"Who picked your clothes out for you?"

"I did Gohan-aniisan!" Chamo said, hopping onto his shoulders. "What do you think?"

"I…um…uh…" Gohan was flustered and blushing like crazy. He didn't know what to say, especially with Setsuna dressed up like that in front of him. She was definitely cute in that to say the least. "It looks cute to say the least," he muttered with a blush. Setsuna's blush grew even darker when she heard Gohan's statement, but at the same time happy that he called her 'cute'.

"Why don't we get you costume as well Gohan-aniisan?" the ermine said with a glint in his eye.

Gohan gulped. This is not good. "Chamo-san I don't think that is a good id…" But it was too late. Chamo quickly moved and dressed the demi-saiyan with a costume that suited him best…a monkey costume! Gohan had monkey ears on his head, furry gloves for the hands, and wore a tail as well. His body was dressed in a dark/furry dogi with bare arms that showed his muscles by which incidentally drew some blushing looks from most of the girls around the area including a blushing Setsuna.

"W-We should start looking for Chao-san," she said and began walking; she wanted to avoid looking at Gohan for at the moment. Negi led the group into various places, such as a video game type ride, a dinosaur roller coaster and a 3-D movie. Negi was having a lot of fun. Gohan, alongside him, was having fun too, seeing as he rarely got to do anything as a kid, he reverted back a little into his child like persona (before he was trained with Piccolo) and followed Negi with surprising ease.

They were now looking down from the blimp. Looking over the city they lived in, the group shared an amiable silence with one another. Gohan then saw Setsuna stealing glances at himself and Negi. "Do you need something Setsuna-san?" he asked.

"No it's nothing," she replied, a serene smile on her face. "It's just that I can finally enjoy the festival, and it's thanks to both you and Negi-sensei." Gohan and Negi looked at her, asking her to continue. "I had to find a right time to say thank you to both of you. Negi-sensei helped me be able to speak to ojou-sama and be friends with Asuna-san. And Gohan-sensei, you've always believed in me and help me out a lot whether it be a school matter or fighting against a difficult enemy. It's nice knowing that you trusted me a lot. You two had helped me out and because of that I will always be grateful. Both of you will have a place in my heart, so if you two ever need help, I will be there." Gohan blushed and looked away at the very touching thing she just said. He was smiling but scratching sheepishly a little embarrassed the back of his head. Negi was doing the same.

"You know, not that it matters, but I know a declaration of love when I see it," Chamo interjected breaking the heartwarming moment.

Setsuna twitched and blushed immediately. "Chamo-san! D-Don't talk like that!"

"You did say before that, if there were one guy you liked, it'd be Gohan-sensei," teased the ermine, causing a blush on both Gohan and Setsuna's faces.

"Eh?" Gohan said with a confused look on his face.

Setsuna, meanwhile, was blushing and stuttering like crazy. "I-I never…we were just talking and…it's not that I don't like Gohan-sensei, or think he's cute and…" Setsuna was about to say more before she realized that she was spilling out her feelings towards the demi-saiyan, who was blushing as well. "Never mind that! Look, the one I've got in my heart is Konoka-ojou-sama, all right?"

"Ah-h-h, so you do like Konoka-san!" teased Negi. Setsuna immediately turned around and began to chase around the boy, screaming at each other about who they liked and such. Chamo was snickering at the side, finding this situation hilarious. Gohan, meanwhile, was chuckling like crazy. He had a big smile on his face. He was glad to have come to this school and made amazing friends like Negi, Asuna, Konoka, Setsuna and many of the other girls as well. I wouldn't have it any other way, Gohan said to himself.

When Negi ran off to the bathroom, Gohan sensed something in the air and spoke up. "I was wondering when you would show up," Gohan said aloud. This confused Setsuna and Chamo. "It's bad to eavesdrop you know."

"I still should have known you'd sense me eh Gohan-kun," Chao said appearing for the first time. "So how did it feel like to time travel? I wanted it to be a surprise so I put sleeping pills in Negi-kun's and Setsuna's tea. Though I didn't expect you to have come along with those two, Gohan-kun."

"Just who are you? No one should be able to make a time machine," Setsuna said.

"You want to know who I am?" Chao asked. The two nodded. "Fine. Sometimes I am a Chinese inventor full of mystery. Other times I'm a treasure box inside the class, a mad scientist! Sometimes I'm the number one genius in the academy. Lastly I'm the boss of the popular Chinese stand 'Chao Bao Zi!' My real identity is..." she paused for dramatic effect "An alien from Mars!" Gohan and Chamo face faulted, while Setsuna slapped Chao with a paper fan.

"Don't joke around like that!" she shouted. "In our class there are vampires, robots, ninjas and even spirits. So I wouldn't be surprised if you are an alien." Especially with Gohan-sensei being half-alien, Setsuna said to herself.

"I don't think you have the right to say that to other people, Setsuna-san," said Chao with an innocent look on her face. Gohan's eyes widened and looked towards Setsuna. She had drawn her pactio. Fearing that she would do something drastic, he placed a hand in front of her and walked forward.

"What are you really up to Chao-san?" Gohan started. "I swear if you hurt Negi-san or anyone else, I will crush you," Gohan threatened. "I won't let you harm my friends."

"Relax Gohan-kun, you don't have to worry about that. I can't say that I will not betray Negi-bouzu's trust, Gohan-kun. But the watch was so that he can enjoy the festival like a kid. He is related to me in a way so I won't hurt him." She finished with an innocent smile.

"What do you mean?" Gohan asked with a scowl on his face.

"Martians never lie," Chao replied. "Trust me."



* * *



A few minutes later…

As the blimp landed, Chao gave Negi an explanation to about the watch before leaving. "UWAAH!" screamed the boy. "So then it really is a time-machine!"

"It really is," Chao said with a grin on her face. "Meet 'Cassiopeia,' the pocket watch-type time-machine! With it, the user – and those close to the user – can travel across time. It's the ultimate super-science item! I'm just glad it works! This is only the second time it's been activated and that took place two-and-a-half years ago."

Gohan raised an eyebrow at something that Chao mentioned. "What do you mean, 'glad it works'?" asked the demi-saiyan.

"The thing is, this particular time-machine uses magical energy as its power-source," explained Chao. "That's the reason I couldn't use it before, by myself. Thank to you, Negi-bouzu, I've been able to give it this test-run. I'm just glad it worked."

"So, um, if hadn't worked," asked Negi with a sweat dropping on the side of his face, "What then?"

"Oh, well," Chao spoke with a nervous sweat, "we would've been stuck floating between the dimensions forever, is all." Gohan and Setsuna face-faulted. Both of them were glad that didn't happen but did they really have to be the guinea pigs for this kind of experiment? Really?

"Still, thanks to you Chao-san, I can still keep my promise with Nodoka-san!" Negi said enthusiastically. "So, thanks for the loan! It really is an amazing item!" Chao, as a form of gratitude, then gave Negi the instruction manual for him to read on how to use the time watch. And with that, Chao and the group said their goodbyes as they went their separate ways. Gohan, while running along with Setsuna and Negi, turned his head and looked back at the waving Chao Lingshen. Although he trusted Chao's words, he couldn't at the very least be suspicious of the Chinese girl, especially concerning with a certain part that she mentioned earlier. Chao-san…related to Negi-san she said? In what way? Gohan wondered. He hoped that he could get those questions answered later, but now was not the time.

After a few minutes of walking, Gohan, Negi and Setsuna all discussed on what Negi's schedule was going to be like now that he had the watch. He was definitely going to keep his promise on going with Nodoka in seeing the festival together. As Gohan watched Negi and Setsuna argue about a bit about the schedule, he let out a smile that caught their attention. "Gohan-sensei, is something wrong?"

Gohan shook his head. "Nothing's wrong," said the demi-saiyan. "I'm just glad that somehow luck has gone our way finally." With that, Gohan started to walk away from the group.

"Gohan-san, where are you going?" Negi asked.

"Off to do some patrolling, remember?" Gohan said with a Son grin on his face.

"Oh yeah," Negi remembered.

Gohan chuckled. "Negi-san, be careful out there. Remember about the World Tree's magic," the demi-saiyan explained. "Make sure that nothing happens with Nodoka-san, okay?" Negi nodded. "Good, I should get going. I have to meet up with Takane-san and Mei-san to do some patrolling with them."

"Right!" Setsuna and Negi responded in unison, although Setsuna was a bit jealous that Gohan was going to spend his day with another girl that appeared to like the demi-saiyan.

"Okay, see you guys around," Gohan signaled and with that he was off. Negi and Setsuna then proceeded to find Konoka to get Negi dressed for the date with Nodoka. When they met up with her, they noticed a bright blush on her face. Negi didn't mind it much but Setsuna was curious about it. She never saw Konoka smile so brightly ever before. What could have happened?



* * *



Meanwhile…

Gohan found the nearest empty alleyway. He looked in each direction to see if anyone was watching. He went to his special watch and pressed the button on the side. Immediately, a bright light surrounded the demi-saiyan as he said, "Transform!" Out of the light came Gohan disguised as the Great Saiyaman! "All right! Time to do some patrolling!" With that he flew into the sky, ready to meet up with Takane and Mei.

In another part of Mahora Campus, Takane and Mei were waiting patiently for the arrival of a certain demi-saiyan. "Tsk, how long is he going to make us wait?" Takane asked with a growl.

"He will be here Takane-onee-sama," Mei responded. "He may have had to stop some confessions along the way. That's probably why he is late."

"Sure whatever," Takane said as she stood up. "We can't wait any longer. Come on Mei, let's get going."

"But Onee-sama," Mei protested. "We should wait a bit lo…"

"Did someone call for a hero?" said a voice. Takane and Mei turned around towards the direction of the voice to see a figure standing before them on top of a latern pole. The two ends of a turban waving in the distance. The sunlight reflecting off the sunglasses. The green vest matching with the bright blue sky behind him. It was Gohan as the Great Saiyaman! Takane stood in awe, with a blush on her face, at the amazing sight before her. It was like Gohan was an action hero from a manga or a movie. It was amazing.

"Gohan-sensei, you're here!" Mei greeted the demi-saiyan. This caused Takane to get out of her trance as she shook her head and put on the mean face for Gohan.

Gohan jumped down from the pole and landed softly on the ground. "Sorry I am a bit late," Gohan said. "I had to rescue some people from a falling prop. I hope that I didn't get you guys mad."

"Mad?" muttered Takane. She walked up to the demi-saiyan, poking at his chest as she looked up at Gohan with an angry face. "You're late! As a teacher and patroller, it is your duty to be on time! Because of your lateness, someone might have been confessed to right now!"

Gohan gulped as he nervously scratched the back of his head. "Sorry about that. But I promise that I won't be late next time," Gohan said with a Son grin that caused Takane to blush a bit and pull back.

"Baka," she muttered.

Gohan blinked a few times, curious as to what was going with on with Takane. "Oi Mei-san, is something wrong with Takane-san?" he whispered to Mei. Mei shrugged her shoulders as she also had no idea what was going on too. "Well, why don't we do some patrolling?"

"Right!" nodded Mei.

With that Gohan started to a series of poses that he thought were cool (but really silly in fact). "Let's go!" Gohan yelled as he went ahead, leaving behind two blinking girls, sweat-dropping at Gohan's poses. Mei and Takane looked at each other as both of them shrugged their shoulders and followed the demi-saiyan.



* * *



Later in the day…

"Haruna, Yue are you there?" Nodoka asked the other two from her phone. She was wearing a frilly pink sundress that went just above the knees. She had done up her purple hair, having it ponytailed in the back. A choker that matched her sundress lightly decorated her neck, and had a flower in the center. In her hand was a small hand bag.

"We're here Nodoka," Haruna responded from the other end of the line. "However we are going to disappear soon because we are going to be busy. So do your best."

"EH! I'm going to be alone!"

"We don't think it is a good idea to be following you on your date," Yue told her best friend.

"This is a rare chance for more development between you and Negi! There should be a kiss at least!" Haruna teased.

"I-I-I'm not going to do that!" Nodoka shouted into the phone.

"Stop acting, you know you want to!"

"Don't worry just do your best," Yue spoke softly into the phone.

"But Yue, my heart is beating really fast and my palms are sweating. Maybe I shouldn't go through with this..." Nodoka replied doubt in her voice.

"Just calm down. Take a deep breath. At times like this you should practice by imagining the date."

"O-okay then." Nodoka pulled out her pactio and began imaging the date. The pictures start by Negi appearing and they have a small conversation before...suggesting they kiss? What! Nodoka dropped her book and began flailing her arms in the air. "No no no! This a lie! I didn't imagine this!" she shouted, her eyes in swirls and face red as a tomato. "I have to calm down! Erase Erase Erase!"

"I even heard that the legend of the World Tree will start working today. I also heard that it doesn't have to be a confession. Even a kiss would work. A French kiss will have twice as much of an effect." Haruna stated.

"Eh a French Kiss..." Nodoka said with a blush. Her mind flashed to a picture of her and Negi doing said kiss, tongue and all being shown. "Wah! I can't believe was thinking something like!" She then looked down onto her book which showed the kiss in her mind with the worlds "Today's Target" in bold red letters.

"What are you looking at Nodoka-san?" Negi asked all of a sudden from behind her.

"NOTHING! NOTHING!" the girl shouted a little too quickly, as she snapped the book closed. Turning around she noticed that Negi was wearing a black sleeveless jacket that was left open, a white shirt and grey pants. On top of his head was a white cap.

"Did you wait long? Sorry I'm late," the child teacher said.

"Oh no. I j-just arrived myself."

"That's good to hear. By the way the dress looks so cute on you Nodoka-san," Negi complimented her.

"Is that so? T-Thank you," she stuttered. As the two were chatting it up a group of girls and a very perverted ermine was watching from within the bushes. Asuna, Konoka, Setsuna along with Yue and Haruna were all watching with interest as the two were talking.

"Kufufufu they're both so shy," Haruna laughed evilly.

"They actually look good together," Asuna said off handedly.

"Is that hat too much? What do you think Se-chan?" Konoka asked. Haruna quickly looked to the side and finally noticed the other three.

"When did you get here?" Haruna shouted.

"About a minute ago why?" Asuna said shrugging.

"Whatever the case it is all good timing. I have a question to ask you."

"What is it?"

"I want to know if Nodoka has a chance. So what is your relationship with Negi-kun as of right now?"

"Eh! I don't have a relationship with him!"

"Well, as the head of the comic research club, I can draw out the people who like Negi-kun. There are some suspicious people in our class. The most important thing is how Negi-kun feels. So who does Negi like?" Haruna said with a dark aura surrounding her. Yue face palmed herself at the mood her friend set, while Konoka and Setsuna sweat dropped.

"Why are you asking me?"

"Because you are at the top of the suspicious list!"

"Oh please, Negi is only 10 years old for crying out loud! Besides I'd take Gohan over him any day!" she retorted. Asuna's eyes grew wide as she just comprehended what she just blurted out. She saw Konoka giggling behind her. Setsuna was giving her a questioning look as well as Yue. The thing that made Asuna worry was Haruna. Her eyes seemed to have a glint in them as she adjusted her glasses.

"So you like Gohan-kun huh Asuna?" Haruna asked, a smirk slowly crossing her face. Asuna blushed and shook her head.

"I didn't say that!"

"You just confessed that you did."

"I said I'd take him over Negi any day. I never said that I liked him!" she shouted. "I mean I have like Takahata-sensei since forever!" Anime tears falling down her eyes. Konoka went up to her and put a hand on her shoulder.

"It's okay Asuna. Even though you keep lying to yourself we believe you," Konoka told her friend. Asuna suddenly had a dark cloud over her head as she looked away from the group.

"I don't like that baka..." she sniffed repeatedly.



* * *



Meanwhile, in another part of the city…

"ACHOO!" Gohan sneezed into a handkerchief given to him by Mei. "Thanks Mei-san."

"No problem Gohan-sensei," the girl replied as their group had jumped around the city, interrupting various confessions. "But is something wrong Gohan-sensei?" Mei asked.

"No I don't think so," Gohan responded. "But don't worry about it, okay?" Mei nodded while Takane cursed at herself for not asking if Gohan was alright. I should have been the one to ask…wait what am I saying! Takane said to herself. I need to get my thoughts together.

As they were jumping across the buildings, Gohan saw a couple about to confess. "I'll handle this one." He jumped down and landed on the ground softly, far away from the couple that were about to confess. Takane and Mei were curious as to why did he land so far away. When Gohan landed, he had done one of his poses to draw the crowd's attention. "Greetings Mahora City! I am the Great Saiyaman!"

Some of the people in the crowd sweat-dropped at the sight of Gohan's ridiculous pose, while others applauded the demi-saiyan. "Hey look! It's the Great Saiyaman!" shouted someone in the crowd.

"Yay Saiyaman!"

"You rock Saiyaman!"

"Thanks for rescuing my baby the other day!"

"Will you marry me Saiyaman?"

More and more people surrounded the demi-saiyan, giving their thanks to their local hero. Takane didn't realize that Gohan had helped out so many people. They only went out a few times to rescue and help people but because of her school work, she couldn't do much. She was impressed that Gohan, even though he was an assistant teacher to a prestigious school, had time to save the people of this city. She was glad to have met the demi-saiyan.

Gohan stood in the middle with a heroic pose as he began to search for the couple that was about to confess, hoping that they would have joined the crowd and watching him. However, that didn't happen as the couple completely ignored him. Great, now what? Pondered the demi-saiyan. Then suddenly it hit him as he noticed that one of the couples had a hat on their head. Gohan smirked. Perfect! With that he started to do a series of poses that drew the applause of the crowd. Then in one of his poses, he held out his hand straight up like saying stop and let out a yell. Suddenly, a force came out of his hand and blew off the hat, making one of them search for it. And that person wasn't the only one. Other people who had decided to confess felt the wind as some of their belongings flew off in the distance and away from the World Tree.

Gohan smiled. Mission accomplished. With that he jumped in the air. "Well got to get going! Be careful during the festival okay?" Gohan said to the crowd. Most of the crowd nodded. "See ya!" He flew off into the sky, the crowd applauding him and saying their goodbyes.

Gohan landed on the nearest building to where Takane and Mei were. "Mission accomplished," greeted the demi-saiyan. "Now let's get going."

"Wait Gohan-sensei," Takane said, stopping Gohan in his tracks as he turned around to face the blonde girl. "Why didn't you stop their confessions?"

"Huh? What do you mean?" Gohan asked.

"I mean that we are supposed to stop their confessions, not let them happen," Takane said with a bit of a scowl on her face. Mei had a curious look on her face as she looked at Takane. She wondered why Takane was bringing up such an issue. He got the job done didn't he?

"Well, I thought that it didn't feel right in stopping someone from confessing especially it takes up a lot of courage to do it," Gohan replied. "So I thought of moving their location to another spot, somewhere where the magic wasn't as strong. Was that so wrong?"

Takane took a step back. This completely surprised her. She didn't even think about the amount of courage that it takes for a girl or a boy to confess their feelings to someone. It didn't even cross her mind. She let out a smile. This man was very considerate about people's feelings, no wonder that she li… No! Takane shook her head. I need to stop thinking about this. Once the festival is over, I'll think it over but until then, I need to focus on the mission at hand.

"Um, Gohan-sensei?" Mei said.

"Yeah Mei-san?"

"What did you do to blow those people's hats?" Mei asked. "I didn't sense any magic coming from that."

"Well, Mei-san," replied the demi-saiyan, "I just used…"

"Kiai."

"Huh?"

"You used a kiai shout didn't you?" Takane said.

Gohan was a bit surprised that someone that didn't practice the martial arts knew about it. "Yes, but how do you know?"

Takane smiled. "I did my research a bit on martial artists and on ki, especially when I noticed that all of your movements during your heroic moments have been enhanced by ki." Gohan chuckled a bit and smile. Very impressive Takane-san, Gohan to himself.

"Excuse me but what is kiai?" Mei asked.

"Kiai is a very powerful, white-clear force that emits from the user's body," explained Takane. "It is a very well-known attack for ki-based users like Gohan-sensei."

"Wow," awed Mei.

Gohan laughed a bit with a slight blush on his face. "It's nothing much. Most fighters are able to use it. It's just an attack that you use with ki. But anyways, we should get going. I have a bad feeling that something bad is going to happen."

The two girls nodded in agreement. "Right!" And with that they went off, jumping across the various buildings of Mahora City and trying to grab unwanted attention.



* * *



Meanwhile…

Negi and Nodoka found themselves in a small book store looking at the various books, though Nodoka seemed to notice Negi's lips more than the books themselves. 'They look so soft..." Nodoka thought. Her eyes widened in surprise. 'Oh no. What am I thinking?"

"Is there something the matter Nodoka-san?" Negi asked curiously.

"No No. I was just wondering if there was any good books," she replied frantically look around the racks. Her eyes suddenly dropped on a book that showed the mechanics of kissing. This had her eyes nearly falling out of her sockets.

"Did you find a good book?"

"No! It's not that special!" she shouted. The girl's mind was slowly going into a panic at all the mentions of kissing, and a blush was creeping into her face at full force. As she calmed her self down, Nodoka noticed that Negi was looking at a book with a ton of concentration. "Did you find something interesting, Negi-sensei?"

"Oh it's just that this book was open and I happened to look at it." Negi then showed Nodoka the book and it was about French kissing. "Apparently her in Japan a French kiss is called a deep kiss." Nodoka's eyes were bulging in their sockets and the blush began to go throughout her body. "But for the life of me I don't understand the difference between a regular kiss and a deep kiss," Negi said scratching the back of his head.

"A deep kiss is an adult..." Nodoka began to explain in confusion. Suddenly she snapped and swatted the book out of his hands. "Kids aren't supposed to look at those things!" she shouted in embarrassment.

"S-sorry!" Negi shouted back. Outside of the bookstore Haruna was laughing evilly.

"What do you think you are doing?" Asuna whispered to her.

"It seems I can't make them do more adult like things," Haruna said playfully.

I can't do this all I can think about is kissing! If sensei knew I was thinking things like this, he would hate me! Nodoka thought frantically. Seeing as she couldn't see where she was going, she had tripped over a book and smashed into Negi. The two were on the floor, with Nodoka hanging above Negi their faces mere centimeters away from each other. "S-sorry," Nodoka mumbled.

"N-no it's all right," Negi replied blushing.

"Um…Negi-san what are you doing?" Gohan said. The two on the floor had their eyes widening as they looked up to see Gohan as well as two girls next to him. The red head and the blonde girls were looking at Negi disapprovingly at them. "You know there is a time and place for that."

"Gohan-san!" Negi shouted getting up at the same time as Nodoka. "It wasn't like that. We just tripped!" Behind him Nodoka was nodding her furiously. "And why are you dressed up like that?"

"Well, I…"

"Hey look it's the Great Saiyaman!" shouted someone nearby.

Suddenly a crowd started to approach the disguised Gohan. So, before anything bad could happen, Gohan said, "Wait! I am not the Great Saiyaman!"

"Eh?"

"I'm just a guy dressed up like him. See?" Gohan removed his glasses to reveal his innocent face with a Son grin.

"Hey you're right," said someone in the crowd. "How could someone like him be the Great Saiyaman right? He looks like a weakling." Negi, Takane, Asuna, Setsuna, and Nodoka all sweat-dropped, knowing full well that Gohan was very strong.

"Hey I heard the Great Saiyaman appeared near the World Tree!" shouted someone.

"Yeah, let's go there and ask for an autograph!"

"Yeah!" And with that crowd disappear, leaving behind the group as Takane looked at Negi with a disapproving look on her face. She was grateful though to Gohan for stopping the crowd and making the situation even worse.

"We have been scouting around all day, and you're having a date with a female student. Do you think you are special or something," Takane said degradingly. Gohan frowned a bit. He was going to have to talk with Takane afterwards. "Although the effects of the tree are 120% on the third day, it is still up to 60 or 80% today. You need to be careful."

"It's not like that! We aren't on a date!" Negi defended himself. Gohan shot an eyebrow at the two who looked away blushing. Behind him Gohan heard a strange machine go off in Mei's hands, known as the love meter.

"What does it say Mei-san?" Gohan asked.

"She is in a state that, she could confess at any moment," she replied.

"What? How can you say something so rude?" Negi shouted.

"Negi-sensei, it's dangerous right now. I would suggest you step away from Nodoka-chan for a moment." Takane slowly took Nodoka away from Negi, causing her to tear up a bit. Seeing the tears, Negi did something irrational. He took Nodoka and ran.

"Crap! You two go after them," Gohan ordered. Takane and Mei nodded before running after Negi. "Asuna-san, Setsuna-san get out here now!" Nothing happened for a moment, but then the two girls appeared with Haruna.

"What do you need Gohan?" Asuna asked.

"We need to go after them quickly. The chances of Nodoka-san confessing at the moment are extremely high, probably thinking Negi-san is cool for saving her like that. We need to get to them quickly. I'll go up in the sky while you guys go on the ground," Gohan said. The girls nodded. Gohan then turned around and broke off into a run and flew up into the air.

"Hey wait for me!" Konoka shouted alongside Haruna as they were left behind in the dust.



* * *



Up in the sky…

As Gohan was flying, speeding towards Negi's position, he was suddenly hit across the face and landed hard on the roof of one of the nearby buildings. "Kuso!" Gohan cursed. "What the hell was…huh?" Gohan was about to scream but once he looked up, he saw a familiar figure standing before him. It was Piccolo! "Piccolo-san?"

"Who are you?"

"Huh?"

"I said, who are you?" asked the Namekian with a threatening tone.

Gohan blinked a few times. "It's me Piccolo-san. Gohan."

Piccolo's eyebrows scowled even more. "You are not Son Gohan."

"Huh?"

"Gohan is at the academy, walking around inside," Piccolo stated. "So who are you? And how come you have that same ki and lame disguise as Gohan's?"

Lame? Gohan said to himself. Piccolo-san needs to get with the times. This outfit is super cool. But never mind that, Piccolo-san thinks that I am someone else but how come? Then it suddenly hit him as his eyes turned wide-eyed. Of course! The time machine paradox! Because we went back in time, there is bound to be another Gohan around like there is another Negi-san and another Setsuna-san. I better explain Piccolo-san before he starts to fight me. "Piccolo-san, let me explain," Gohan said. "The reason that there are two…"

"I don't want to hear it," Piccolo said as he got into a fighting position. "I'll defeat you to find out the answers."

"But Piccolo-san…"

"But nothing!" screamed the Namekian. "Fight me or are you too chicken to even hit me?"

Gohan clenched his teeth. He didn't have time for this. He bent down and put himself in a fighting position. I've got no choice, Gohan said to himself. He was going to try to end this quickly and stop Negi before anything bad could happen as he and Piccolo clashed fists.



* * *



Meanwhile…

"Is there anything you would like me to do as an apology?" Negi asked after apologizing to Nodoka about the whole thing with Gohan and the others.

"A-anything?" Nodoka questioned.

"Well, other than the end of term questions, anything even magic."

"If that is the case, I want to...Have a kiss with sensei..." she said timidly. Just as she finished the World Tree began to glow a dull white. "The kiss from before was an accident, that's why I think that if I kiss Negi again, it will be more romantic." The tree began to gain more luster as she kept talking.

"Um..." Negi replied. This made Nodoka snap back to reality.

"Oh just forget what I said Negi-sensei!" she shouted. It was too late however, for the World Tree was glowing a brilliant white. A column of light shot out of it and hit Negi.



* * *



Another part of Mahora Campus…

Gohan and Piccolo kept on exchanging punches and kicks when suddenly they felt it. An unusually high ki level had appeared. Both of them turned their heads to see the pillar of light appear. "Oh crap!" Gohan screamed. This is bad! This is the worst thing possible! I need to go over now but I can't!

As Gohan continued to pondered his thoughts, he was stopped when Piccolo spoke up. "Go Gohan."

"Huh?"

"Get going Gohan! Your friend is in danger isn't he?" Piccolo said.

"But Piccolo-san, how did you…"

"Get going Gohan!"

Gohan nodded. "Right!" With a quick engulfment of a blue aura, Gohan sped off towards the pillar of light.



* * *



Meanwhile…

I didn't know where we were! I was too careless! Negi thought as the light engulfed him. As the light died down Nodoka watched as Negi slowly opened his eyelids to show dull lifeless eyes. A small caring smile caressed his face. "I understand now," Negi said in a daze. "Should I choose the type of kiss? I mean choose the most romantic type. Would a French kiss be okay?"

"Eh!" she squeaked as Negi closed the distance between them in an instant. He grabbed her wrist and put a hand on her cheek. Slowly he brought his face to hers, as she closed her eyes in submission. As they were only mere millimeters away, Asuna smacked Negi away with her fan. The teacher merely dodged the attack.

"What are you doing to Honya-chan?" she shouted. Behind her Gohan and Setsuna landed on the roof. Gohan was glaring at Negi and noticed the trance look on the boy's face.

"Stay away from her Negi-san," Gohan threatened. Negi just laughed it off in his daze. "Damn, he's already being controlled by the Tree's power."

"Eh! It's only the first day and it's this strong already! And he just used the Battle Hymn, increasing the tree's power!" Setsuna shouted.

"Looking at his condition, it seems like the tree is over powering his will. Did you confess to him by any chance?" Gohan asked Nodoka. "Or ask something like 'Please go out with me?'" He then noticed her face flush like a tomato.

"Nodoka-san it's important you tell us!" Chamo shouted from on top of Setsuna's head.

"Setsuna-san can you please move away from Nodoka-san?" Negi asked politely, even though he was still brain washed.

"Please snap out of it sensei!" Setsuna told Negi.

"Are you going to stand in my way? Fine then I will have to use force." Negi slammed his foot down onto the concrete of the roof and did a palm thrust. Setsuna was able to escape it. Her eyes widened as she saw him going into a combo, but was relieved to see Gohan appear. As Negi did an upward palm thrust, Gohan had deflected it with his hand. Negi went into a kick with his left leg, prompting Gohan to block it with his right. Fluidly Negi went into an elbow jab, which Gohan caught before shoving the boy off of him.

Gohan let out a grin. Amazing Negi-san, Gohan said to himself. You definitely have improved since the last time. However, now is not the time to be praise him. I have to do something quickly. Looking over his shoulder he saw that Asuna was protectively guarding Nodoka and Setsuna was at the ready to attack. "Setsuna-san..." he called out, his eyes never leaving Negi.

"Yeah Gohan-sensei?" the swordswoman asked.

"Do you mind if you hold Negi-san for a few seconds. I'm going to try to get those two as far away as possible." Setsuna nodded at the request. Gohan then jumped back and landed next to the two other girls. He quickly grabbed the two girls by the hips and flew off into the sky, his aura surrounding him and the two girls. Asuna blushed at being carried by the demi-saiyan. Once they were long gone, Setsuna was left to fend for herself against a brainwashed Negi.



* * *



A few minutes later…

On top of another roof Gohan landed carefully and placed the girls safely on the floor. He let out a sigh of relief since they were pretty far from Negi's location. "I'm sorry Gohan-sensei, Asuna-san for the trouble. Things turned out like this because of me," Nodoka apologized before bowing.

"It's not your fault. It's probably that idiot Negi's fault!" Asuna surmised.

"What did you ask him Nodoka-san?" Gohan asked suddenly getting the girls' attention. "Did you ask him for a date? Money? What did you ask him for?"

"Hey Gohan I don't think it's all right to..."

"Asuna-san I need to find out what happened. I sure as hell will make sure that Nodoka-san here is safe." His eyes widened as he suddenly a felt an incredible ki heading this way. Negi was already on the way here. "So what did you ask for?" Nodoka mumbled something before Gohan's eyes shot a questioning look at her. Asuna on the other hand was shouting.

"You asked him for a deep kiss!"

"Ladies he's here." The girls stopped talking and saw the still dazed Negi in front of them. Asuna and Nodoka began to panic, as Gohan situated himself between them and Negi.

"Gohan-san, please get out of my way," Negi said calmly.

"No."

"Why is it that you are not letting me give Nodoka-san what she wants? Is it that you want her for yourself?" Negi asked with a frown. Gohan clenched his fists but then an idea hit him. He quickly glanced at the two telling them to play along through his eyes before looking back at Negi.

"Maybe I do? What are you going to do about it?" Gohan taunted. The frown on Negi's face deepened before he sprang into action. He went for a punch to Gohan's gut which Gohan caught. The dark haired demi-saiyan then sent a punch of his own to Negi's face, which was stopped when Negi caught him by the wrist. The two struggled for a moment before Gohan did a head butt on Negi causing the boy to stagger.

Gohan prepared himself for the incoming attack. He knew that he could easily defeat Negi but he wanted to test Negi at his full power since he had been brainwashed. Of course, he wouldn't use too much power in his attacks as to not harm the boy greatly. As Negi was about to attack again magical arrows slammed into the floor next to him, making him back away even more. Looking up to the roof Gohan let out a sigh of relief seeing Mei and Takane appear, with many of Takane's shadow puppet things with them.

As they landed on the same roof as them, Gohan watched in amusement as Negi had obliterated the entire group in less than a second using lightning magic to enhance all his attacks. Gohan suddenly ran from his place and threw both Mei and Takane out of the way of Negi's next spell. The very spell that Gohan considered a curse.

"FLANS EX ARMATIO!" Negi chanted. Gohan was hit by a heavy gust of wind that was meant for the girls, stripping him down leaving him in his black undergear, which by the way was skin tight. Nodoka managed to look away, while Takane, Asuna and Mei looked at him. Some blood trickled down their noses and their entire bodies flushed as they stared at him.

"Great, now I am going to have to ask Bulma-san for another one," Gohan sighed before going onto attack the red head. As the two were duking it out, the four girls were just watching in amazement. The two were trading blows and dodging them as if they were in some sort of very deadly dance. It was right there they noticed that the two had taken it up a level. In a flash, Negi disappeared into super speed and appeared directly in front of Gohan, sending a powerful upper-cut into the demi-saiyan's stomach. The blow made Gohan reel forward a bit, with the force lifting him off the ground several feet.

As soon as that attack was initiated, Negi kneed Gohan straight up in the chin, knocking him staggering back and yelling out from the pain of the blows. He then received a powerful punch straight into the stomach by the boy driving in and honing on his assault. Gohan then brought his left leg round and sent it forward in a powerful, roundhouse kick. The blow dispatched with Negi easily, sending him skywards at an amazing rate.

Gohan powered up and took flight after him in hot pursuit. When he came upon Negi in the skies high above, he sent his right fist out at his opponent. Negi was quick to react, able to flip back and return to an upright position. Seeing his opponent coming in with that punch, he brought up his left knee and blocked that blow, which connected with a shockwave following. Each time a punch or kick connected with the opponent's, it caused shockwaves to go throughout the area, and sent the girls off their feet. Gohan brought his fist back and came up further with a left power hook. Negi blocked it, to which he retaliated with a left roundhouse kick that sent Gohan plummeting.

He spun out of control, but when he eventually came too, he regained control and spun into an upright position several stories higher compared to the altitude of his opponent, who had landed on the roof of a nearby tall building. Seeing his opponent in the defensive, Negi took this as his advantage and brought his hands about, throwing them forward and unleashing enhanced elemental magic blast after magic blast. The streaks of white energy shot through the air at their opponent. Gohan dodged and deflected most of the streaks of magic energy and away from innocent people.

With a loud roar, Negi's aura flashed white as he hurled at his opponent. Gohan was a bit too slow to act this time, and by the time he managed to bring his hands up to defend, he was hammered across the face by a right hook sent by Negi. With a smirk, Negi brought both his hands round, cupping them behind him before throwing them forward, unleashing a Kamehame-Ha wave. The white blast of energy shot at the falling Gohan, who managed to stop himself in his fall to see the attack coming at him. Gohan dropped into a stance and brought his arm around to his right. In a quick strike, he chopped out at the spear end of the blast and slapped it away, the attack flying into the distance.

Gohan scowled a bit. Negi was placing no restrictions on his power. If he wasn't careful, Negi could easily hurt a lot of people right now. Gohan looked back to see where Negi was but he wasn't there! Gohan started to look around and suddenly felt a tug in the air. He turned around to see Negi prepare another magic attack, this time his Saigita Magica. With a loud yell, Negi flung his wand forward, unleashing an entire barrage of golden ki balls-blasts that shot out at an extraordinary speed, ripping and curving through the air, hooking straight for Gohan.

Gohan, out of instinct was able to back flip away as the blasts came at him, flying past his previous position and missing him easily. They ripped through the air and shot into the distance. When they did, Gohan floated back down into upright position, but by the time all the beams were fired, Negi was upon him. The boy had charged him, and sent an elbow across his face. Gohan received the blow, and returned one in kind to Negi.

Shock wave after shock wave exploded into life, sending ripples of energy coursing through the sky as both fighters locked fists. The brawl continued on, shaking the skies and earth. With every blow that made contact from the attacker to the opponent, the show of force cracked the ground, raising dust and debris. It was incredible. The two of them blurred into focus and then disappeared again, having launched an attack but quickly moved into either pursuit or retreat. They broke every chance they got, returning to a quick cat and mouse chase before returning for another engagement. They tore through the skies like rockets, moving across the skies above the arena before moving back down and taking the fight to the ground. You could see clouds of dust rising everywhere they ran, moving at too great speeds to see. They were just flashes and blurs to the people. Explosions of shockwaves raised more dust, which hurled over to the audience watching from a far. As they stopped their attacks, the two boys jumped away from each other, but still kept their stances.

"Just who are those two?" Takane asked in awe. Asuna had gulped watching them fight it out, seriously thinking of not ever pissing of those two.

"Gohan-sensei and Negi-sensei are so strong," Nodoka mentioned. The group of girls then heard Gohan start to chuckle.

"Impressive Negi-san. I admit that you have improved greatly and are able to keep up with my normal state," Gohan complimented. "So how about it if you face me in my Super Saiyan state?" But before Gohan could transform, Negi just laughed himself before appearing behind Gohan going in for a punch, which Gohan went to block. Negi smiled, because he feinted the move and struck Gohan in the stomach. The demi-saiyan winced, but retaliated with a kick to the chin. "Um can one of you say something to distract him really fast?" Gohan asked over his shoulder. "I'm trying to find a way to free him."

Asuna nodded and quickly thought of something. "Hey Negi I bet Nodoka was lying about wanting to kiss you!" she shouted. "I bet she'd rather take a kiss from Gohan over there!" The group of people around them suddenly shouted in surprise, save for Negi. "Just agree with me," she whispered.

"H-Hai I'd rather kiss Gohan-sensei," Nodoka lied. Gohan froze for a moment before the entire severity of it all came crashing down on him.

"Oh n– " the sentence wasn't finished as a white light covered the demi-saiyan in similar manner to the one that hit Negi. When it died down, Gohan slowly slipped out of his stance and straightened out. He turned around and gazed at the group with the same half lidded eyes that Negi had. "Well Nodoka-san, you should have not lied to Negi-san if you wanted me then," he said in a daze.

"Oh crap," Asuna kicked herself finally understanding what was happening. In a second Gohan was in between all the girls before putting his arms into his chest and expanding them out with a loud yell. A huge gush of wind came out from Gohan's hands and lifted all the girls off their feet. As Nodoka was in midair, Gohan jumped up and caught her before landing.

"Are you ready for that kiss, Nodoka-san?" Gohan asked as he slowly brought his lips to hers.

Oh no! Gohan-sensei is going to kiss me! Nodoka thought as she closed her eyes. She was surprised to fell the weight being taken off of her. The purple haired girl opened her eyes to see the still dazed Negi standing in front of her and Gohan had jumped away for a to not get hit. "Negi-sensei?"

"Sorry Gohan-san but that kiss is mine," Negi stated with a frown. Gohan returned the frown before the two began attacking each other again. This was the scene that Setsuna saw as she approached their position. She saw her two teachers duking it out in the middle of the roof while the four girls were trying to get away. Running up to Asuna, Setsuna asked what was going on.

"We accidentally made Gohan get put under the spell of the Tree..." Asuna answered sheepishly. Setsuna face palmed before getting serious.

"We should take this time to get away, because both Gohan-sensei and Negi-sensei are busy," Setsuna replied. All the girls nodded in agreement. They were about to jump away when they heard the fighting stop. Turning around they saw Gohan had Negi in a head lock but Gohan was smiling.

"Negi-san why are we fighting? I know we both want to give Nodoka-san a kiss, but we don't need to beat each other up. As your Kohai, I'm willing to let you have the first kiss," Gohan said. Negi gained a small smile as Gohan let him go. The two stood up to their full height before turning to the girls with their glossy eyes.

"EEP!" Nodoka gasped.

"We need to move now!" Takane shouted, but before anyone could do anything, the two boys were inside the group already. Gohan had punched away both Mei and Setsuna, while Negi did the same to Asuna and Takane. However, Asuna and Setsuna were able to get in front of Nodoka as they tried to hold off Gohan and Negi at the same time.

"Damn, I don't think we will be able to handle both Gohan and Negi," Asuna said to Setsuna.

"Yeah, those two don't seem to be going for killing shots, but they are still doing their best at getting what they want," Setsuna replied.

"Ano, maybe I should just kiss both of them..." Nodoka replied.

"What?" the two girls shouted.

"They might come back to normal if I kiss them!" she shouted.

"What are you talking about?" Asuna shouted. "Look at them!" Asuna pointed them, "Those two are like freaking Terminators! But they are trying to kiss you to death!"

"She is right Nodoka-san," Setsuna replied. "If you let them kiss you now, you might suffocate to death." A picture of Nodoka on the floor with her soul coming out of her mouth appeared in all three of their heads.

"If you mind girls, get out of our way", Negi told them. Gohan smirked and nodded in agreement.

"Yeah right! If you want to get to Honya-chan you have to kiss us first!" Asuna and Setsuna shouted in unison. Takane, Mei and Nodoka had horror stricken faces as the World Tree glowed once more and another beam of light appeared and engulfed the two boys. Gohan began to chuckle softly as did Negi.

"All right if that's what you want. We will kiss you first to get to Nodoka-san," Gohan said. "Now Negi-san, which one do you want? After all, you are my Senpai."

"I would like you to choose Gohan-san," Negi replied.

"I'll take Setsuna-san then," Gohan said before turning to the swordswoman, the smile ever growing into his face.

"What do you mean you'll take Setsuna? What she got that I don't!" Asuna angrily shouted. Gohan looked at her with a questioning brow raised. Asuna's face light up like a Christmas tree.

"Hahaha, you liked me more than I thought," Gohan chuckled. "Change of plans Negi-san, take Setsuna-san." Negi nodded. The two disappeared using their speed before they heard a cracking noise. Nodoka, Takane, Mei and Konoka and Haruna who just showed up saw Gohan lightly caressing Asuna's cheek as he held her between himself and a wall. Negi was doing the same to Setsuna. Gohan placed his lips on top of Asuna's as she struggled a bit under his grasp. Slowly she stopped struggling and grabbed the front of his undershirt, closing her eyes. Gohan tilted his head to get better access to her mouth, and slowly slipped his tongue into hers. Her eyes widened as he did this, but she liked the feeling. Negi was doing the same to Setsuna, though she wasn't responding as much as Asuna. After five minutes, both boys let go of their respective girls and woke up from their trances.

"Ah, oh no!" Gohan shouted aloud. He ran up to Asuna and shook her. "Asuna-san! Asuna-san! Are you all right?" he asked he shook her. Gohan felt a stinging pain on his right cheek as he saw Asuna blushing, with tears in her eyes as she slapped him.

"Am I all right? Am I all right?" she boomed. "Baka!" That is the second time a boy kissed me when I didn't want them too!

"Oh crap!" Gohan flinched. He went on his knees and begged for forgiveness. "I am so sorry Asuna-san. I had no control of my actions. But just to ask, what exactly did I do?"

Asuna flinched and a red heavy blush appeared on her face. Setsuna and Nodoka were about to say what just happened between Gohan and Asuna, but Asuna immediately turned around and looked at them with a deadly glare. "Not one living soul, you hear me?" Both of the girls nodded in agreement. Asuna let out a sigh of relief, although deep down she wanted to tell everyone that she had just kissed Gohan deeply but of course she still had Takahata to think about. Her mind was a mess right now.

Gohan was nervously sweating. He didn't know why but he definitely did something wrong. He then turned his attention to the rest of the girls who stared at him. "What are you girls looking at?"

"So is there something going on between you two?" Haruna asked with a hint of jealousy behind her voice.

"No," Asuna and Gohan answered at the same time, though Asuna released a disappointed sigh that no one else caught. "If you don't mind, I'm going to go on patrol again. Tell Negi-san what happened okay." Without waiting for a response, Gohan walked down the stairs of the building, as to not tip off Haruna. All of the girls looked at Gohan with curious looks on their faces but some of them had jealous written all over them. Konoka was slightly jealous that now she wasn't the only person to kiss Gohan, Setsuna jealous that Asuna got the kiss instead of her and Haruna jealous because she wanted to get a kiss from Gohan as well.

Once downstairs and outside of the building, Gohan quickly transformed back into normal clothes. He looked back at the building, curious as to what happened between him and Asuna. Gohan let out a sigh. No point in asking right now, he needed to get back to patrolling.

Suddenly, he felt a familiar ki behind him. He turned around to see Piccolo standing before him. "Piccolo-san?"

"You have improved Gohan," stated the Namekian as he walked by the demi-saiyan. "Go keep getting stronger." Gohan turned around and had a big grin on his face. He gave a nod and flew off to continue on patrolling. Guess he was just messing with my head, Gohan said to himself as he flew over the skies of Mahora City.



* * *



Meanwhile…

As Kazumi and Sayo were walking down a street, they came face to face with none other than Chao.

"So Asakura are you willing to join me in my plans?" Chao asked with a smirk.

"Yeah," Kazumi replied. Chao gave a small chuckle before leading the two down the alley so they can talk in private. Meanwhile, above them, the mysterious figure grinned even more.

"The brat was definitely something," said the figure, his monkey tail moving around behind him until finally it became like a belt as it was wrapped around his hip. "This is going to be very interesting. Hehehehe…HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!"



* * *



Author's note: Hey everybody! Sorry for the long chapter but I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter especially with the little fight scene between Gohan and Negi. I know that some people will say that Negi should never be able to match against Gohan in his normal state but come on, Gohan has been training Negi for a while now. And Negi has been using weighted clothes during his training!

Hope you guys liked the twist that I added in the possession of the magic of the World Tree as well as some unexpected kissing from some of our female characters. I planned for those kisses to happen, especially with Konoka's for a while now. Now it's going to be interesting to see with all the rivalry going on between the girls as they continue to try to get Gohan's affections.

I'm sure that some people are wondering on why I keep referencing the name Budokai. And here it is:

Glossary:

Budokai: It means Martial Arts Tournament. For example the Tenkaichi Budokai is known as the Strongest under the heavens martial arts tournament. It is much shorter and easier to write with Budokai instead of Martial Arts Tournament. Hope that helps.

Kiai: A ki shout. Although they don't mention in the english dub, they do mention it a lot in the Japanese anime, a lot. It is basically like Takane said, a ki shout. Just think of the attack that Goku used against Jheese (Jeice) and Butta (Burter) during the Namek Saga.

READ AND REVIEW PEOPLE! I like reading the reviews you guys leave. Keep them coming! See you guys next week! Peace!





*Chapter 23*: Revival of the Mahora Budokai!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. See Chapter 1 for details.

Author's note: Hey everybody! How's everyone's week going? So tomorrow I leave for Japan and I won't be able to post any new chapters since I won't have internet for a while and will be busy with work. But I want to thank everyone for their awesome support and reviews for this story. I am deeply touched on how many people have enjoyed my work, especially TobiGB. Your comment about this story totally made my day. Thank you.

I promise that I will post up the next chapter as soon as I can but don't expect a chapter for the month of September and/or even for the month of October. But don't worry, I will continue this story since I have planned out most of the plot line of this series and I really enjoy writing it. I am sure you guys will enjoy it too.

I want to thank naioka1992 for beta-reading this chapter. So let me present to you guys the last chapter before I go to Japan, Chapter 24 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 23: Fight! Revival of the Mahora Budokai!

After patrolling a bit during the night, Gohan met up with the rest of the group, which consisted of Konoka, Asuna, Negi and Setsuna. As he descended towards the ground, Gohan's and Asuna's eyes met which caused Asuna's face to blush as she looked away from the demi-saiyan. Gohan's attention peaked when he noticed Asuna's blush. He was curious as to why she kept on blushing. Probably had to with the whole World Tree incident, Gohan concluded. I wonder what I did though. He had no idea.

Once he landed on the ground near the group, he just entered in the part where Negi and Chamo were explaining about the Time Machine watch. Asuna had a dreamy look on her face and said she wanted to go back to the American Prohibition Era, probably because they were a bunch of old guys in suits. However, Chamo explained that the watch could only go back 24 hours and uses a lot of magic. Thus, after some pouting from Negi and Asuna of not going to their desired time periods, the group went back to the first day for a third time.



* * *



Meanwhile…

Mana was on one of the ledges of the nearby buildings to the World Tree. With her scope, she looked around for her prey, stalking like a hunter in the safari. "Found one," she muttered as she cocked back the gun. Once her prey was in sight, she fired. A scream was heard as the crowd surrounded the prey which turned out to be someone who was about to confess. Mana pulled back from her scope. "That makes seven," she said to no one in particular.

Then she noticed something at the corner of her eye. A bright light appeared on the roofs of a building that was near to her position. Once the light subsided, she got a clear view the people who were in the light: Son Gohan, Negi, Asuna, Konoka and Setsuna. Mana turned a bit wide-eyed, curious as to why Negi and Gohan were there. She definitely was going to ask the teachers on what just happened.

Back at the spot where the light appeared, Gohan, Negi, Asuna, Konoka and Asuna were all discussing on what they were going to do now. "Hmm," sounded Gohan as he began to ponder on what to do since Negi was going to go off and patrol.

"What is it Gohan-san?" Negi asked.

"I'm just thinking of what I should do," replied the demi-saiyan. "I already 'am' doing patrolling right now so there is no need for me to do it again."

"Well, you could help us maybe? Even for a little bit?" Konoka asked with a hint of 'please say yes' in her voice. Asuna wanted him to say no. After what happened earlier with Gohan, it got her head all fuzzy. She definitely needed to recollect her thoughts together and having the demi-saiyan hang around her wouldn't help her at all.

Gohan pondered some more until finally an idea came to him. "Sorry Konoka-san but I am going to have to take a rain check on that," Gohan said. "I'm going to be doing something else."

"What are you going to be doing Gohan-sensei?" Setsuna asked.

"Hang out with my Dad and Goten. My family and friends are here so I thought that I should hang out with them a bit since I don't get to see them very often," Gohan explain.

"I see," Negi said, a bit jealous that Gohan was able to hang out with family members such as his father. All he had was his cousin, who was currently living in Wales studying. He bowed his head a bit, disappointed that he was going to hang out with Gohan. Then he suddenly felt a pat on his head. He looked up to see Gohan with his usual Son grin on his face.

"Don't worry Negi-san," Gohan said. "I'll hang out with you as well, especially during the Budokai. And maybe you can hang out with Goten and Trunks later."

Negi turned his soured face into a smile. He gave Gohan a nod in agreement. "Hai!"

"All right. So I'll see you later for the Budokai okay?" Negi nodded. "Good. And good luck to you girls during the patrolling. It is hard work."

"Of course Gohan-sensei," responded the swordswoman with a fist pump.

"Have fun with your family Gohan-kun," waved Konoka as she was picked up by Setsuna and held in bridal style as they went to the North gate.

"Later," signaled Asuna without looking at Gohan as she walked down the steps. Gohan blinked a few times, curious as to why Asuna didn't face the demi-saiyan. Is she mad at me still? Gohan asked himself. Now I am even more curious as to what happened. Oh Gohan, you have no idea and it's better that you don't.

"Anyways, see you around Negi-san," saluted the demi-saiyan to the boy as he walked down the steps. Once down, Gohan proceeded to search out for his family and friends that he brought along for the festival. Everyone had their ki levels very low so it was going to be hard to find them.

However, as he was walking, Gohan heard some people talking. "Hey did you see those guys who were at the Kazaki Street?" one of the bystanders said.

"No what happened?" asked his friend.

"Well, that street is well known for their food booths. Apparently, some people ate out all the food that they were serving."

"No way! There are over 100 stands on that street! There have must been a lot of people, 50 maybe, who would have eaten out that entire street."

"Well here is the interesting part…it was only two people."

"What the hell? Two people? That's not possible!"

"I know right, but I saw it with my own eyes. These two had the craziest hairstyles ever. One had the spikest hair that you would have ever seen and the other had a prominent widow's peak."

"Geez, weirdos don't you think?"

"Yeah. Once I saw those two, I immediately thought they had gone through a food strike or something to have been able to eaten that much."

"Excuse me," Gohan said, surprising the two bystanders that were just talking, "but where would I be able to find this Kazaki Street?"

"What, you're going for some food?" spoke one of them. "Trust me dude, the food is long gone by now."

"Well, I wasn't really going for the food," Gohan responded. "I was actually looking for those two people that you mentioned earlier. Do you know if they are still there?"

"Hmmm, I'm not sure," responded the companion. "You might as well check it out. You just keep going straight and once you pass the third block, make a right. You better hurry though, a lot of people are heading over there right now."

Gohan gulped. What could have Dad and Vegeta-san have done? He wondered. "Thank you very much," Gohan bowed politely to the strangers and went off towards the directions that the two people had given him.

He kept on walking and noticed that a few people were also walking in the same direction. Gohan noticed excitement and curiosity on the people's faces. He started to get worried, hoping that neither Goku nor Vegeta were giving too much attention to themselves. As he turned the appropriate corner, Gohan gasped. Lined up in front of him were two rows of 50 food stands, all of them empty. It looked like a ghost town for a second until Gohan noticed something in the distance.

A huge crowd was gathering in front of him. Gohan looked closer for inspection and realized that it was a very well-known restaurant. In actuality, it was on a list of restaurants that Gohan should visit when he first got to Mahora and given by the headmaster. However, something about the restaurant felt nostalgic. Gohan shook it off. I probably confused it with something else, he said to himself. He walked up closer and moved within the crowd towards the front, to see what all the commotion was about. Once he got to the front, he saw a huge table before him and behind the table stood seated Goku and Vegeta. What has Goku done now?

Goku's head looked around to see if he could see a familiar face. He kept on looking until he spotted Gohan right in front. "Gohan!" the Saiyan waved at his son. "Over here!"

"Dad!" greeted the demi-saiyan. "What are you doing here?"

"Well, me and Vegeta were getting hungry," Goku reminisced. "So, as a result of my sensitive nose, I was able to sniff out some food that was nearby. We came here and ate foods from all the stands. It was delicious!" Goku exclaimed with a big grin on his face.

"Yeah, I noticed Dad," Gohan said. "But what is going right now though? What are you doing here?"

"Actually…" Goku scratched his cheek with his finger as he started to think (which is sometimes not a good sign), "I don't know. Some guy told me and Vegeta to sit at this table and wait here."

"Wait what guy?" Gohan asked.

Then he heard a cough behind him. Gohan turned around to see an average height male wearing a cook's uniform, with the big tall hat and everything. "It was me! I was the one who told those two to sit down!" laughed manically the chef. It was the same chef that Gohan had met before when he was out eating with Haruna a few days ago. That day, this chef swore revenge as he would cook a massive amount of food to fill his stomach and make him explode so as to not ruin his business ever again!

It was an ingenious and diabolical plan, except one thing though…"Ummm, who are you?" Gohan asked as he blinked a few times. He had completely forgotten who the chef was!

The chef stopped his laughed and face-fault as he stared at the demi-saiyan. A sweat slid down the side of his face. "Y-You don't remember me?"

Gohan shook his head. "Nope," the demi-saiyan responded.

The chef flinched. He clenched his teeth and fists in anger. "HOW CAN YOU NOT REMEMBER ME? I AM THE CHEF OF THE GREATEST RESTAURANT THAT MAHORA HAS EVER SEEN!" yelled the chef as he pointed upwards towards the restaurant behind Goku and Vegeta. Gohan looked at the sign and began to ponder. "Heh, it seems that you remember now! So finally I can have my revenge! I spent weeks training in the mountains with wild animals going after my life! It was hell on earth! But I have become stronger than ever! So be ready to eat my food!"

With a sudden flash of bright light, a huge stack of food appeared on the table in front of Goku and Vegeta. Goku's and Vegeta's eyes turned wide, especially more on Goku's side. His eyes were sparkling like crazy. It was like the gods listened to his prayers and served him even more food. This was the best day ever. Gohan blinked a few times with a dumbfounded look on his face. That is a huge amount of food! He said to himself. How did he cook so much food?

The chef grinned. "Are you scared now?"

"Ummm, why would I?" asked the demi-saiyan.

"Because you are also participating!" exclaimed the chef. Suddenly Gohan found himself next to Goku on the same table, staring at a huge stack of food. Gohan stared at the food for a few seconds as a bit of saliva started to drip down on the side of his mouth. "Yosh! Let's see you finish this now!"

Gohan looked dumbfounded for a few more seconds, unsure why this guy was doing this to him. But nonetheless, he was being served free food and he was kind of getting hungry right now. After all that time travelling, he was bound to get hungry. The crowd was curious as to why such a well-known chef would be doing this. What was his purpose?

"Tsk, why am I here?" complained Vegeta with his usual scowl. He stood up and got into a fighting position that caught the curiosity of the crowd. "Kakarotto, let's fight!"

Gohan shrieked. Vegeta was going to fight his Dad right now? Goku accepted the challenge as he stood up from the table and got into a fighting pose as well. "Yosh! Vegeta, let's do it!" he said with an excited look on his face. Gohan gulped. This was not going to end well.

However, that didn't happen as the chef screamed out loudly, saying, "The party's ready to begin! Now eat!"

Goku's ears perked up. He held up his hand, signaling stop to Vegeta. "Wait, Vegeta," Goku said with a big grin on his face. "Let's eat first! I'm going to pig out!"

Vegeta grinned in kind. "Heh! Not as much as me!" Both Goku and Vegeta sat immediately and began to eat at fast pace. Well, fast pace for normal humans since the pace they were going was normal for them. Gohan sighed. It always has to turn into a competition between the two, he said to himself. Oh well, might as well dig in, I'm starving! And with that, Gohan, Goku and Vegeta began to the largest serving of food that the crowd has ever seen.

As the three Saiyans were eating, the chef rubbing his hands together, an evil grin on his face and laughing manically (but very quietly). Perfect! He said to himself. This is my revenge against you boy as well as to your friends for ruining my business! I never knew that revenge tasted so sweet! Mwhahahaha! However, as the minutes went by, his grin began to transform into a gaping mouth. He was absolutely shocked that these three people kept on eating like there was no tomorrow. The crowd as well.

Goku, Gohan and Vegeta kept on eating and stacking up dirty dishes that were becoming as tall as they were. After a few minutes of eating, Goku, Gohan and Vegeta finished everything. "That was good! I'm full! I'm full!" Goku and Gohan said in unison while patting their stomachs. Vegeta didn't say anything.

The chef dropped down to his knees and started to cry. His plan for revenge was a failure! How could have this happen to me? The chef cried. Now I'm going to have to go back to that salary businessman position that I once held before. I wonder if they will take me in. I can't stay here anymore that's for sure. The chef started to walk away but was stopped when Goku spoke up. "Hey mister where you going?" he asked.

The chef turned around to face Goku with tears in his eyes. "I'm have been utterly defeated by you three. I am ashamed and thus I am going to have to go back to my old job as a salary man," said the chef. "I cannot serve food that is eaten without an appreciation for its taste. So long everyone."

"But mister," Goku said, "the food was delicious!"

"Huh?"

"That's right, it was so good!" added Gohan. "I don't know why you would want to leave when you cook such delicious food!"

"But I…"

"Heh, it was definitely better than my wife's cooking that's for sure," stated Vegeta while looking the other direction, hoping that Bulma didn't hear that comment.

The chef's eyes began to well up even more. He tried to rub away the tears but they wouldn't stop coming out. He turned to face the crowd and saw the excited looks on their faces. All of them were pleading for him not to leave. The chef couldn't believe it. His cooking was appreciated! The tears started to come out, overflowing like a river. The chef turned around, ready to thank the three Saiyans for their comments but…they were gone! "Where did they go?" he muttered.

On a nearby corner, Goku, Gohan and Vegeta were walking along. Goku let out a burp (as usual) with a Son grin on his face. "That was delicious! I'm so full!"

"Heh, hope the Budokai starts soon so I can punch you in the stomach," Vegeta commented.

"Oh come on Vegeta, that's mean," pouted Goku. "Isn't that going too far?"

"Whatever Kakarotto," Vegeta mused. "I'm here to beat you that's all."

Gohan chuckled. He definitely missed these interactions especially between Goku and Vegeta. He hoped that these happy times would continue on as long as possible. "So Dad, how are you enjoying the festival so far?" Gohan asked his father.

"I'm actually having a great time!" Goku said with a big smile on his face. "But I can't wait for the Budokai though. That's going to be awesome!"

"I hope it is," commented Vegeta. "Otherwise, I came here for nothing."

"Yeah, I know what you…" Goku said but stopped himself when he felt a huge ki signature in the area. It was massive. What is this? He said to himself sternly. This ki is huge! It isn't anything that I have ever felt before! It may be even stronger than Majin Boo's ki. Goku began to look around the place, trying to pinpoint the ki signature that he was sensing. But everywhere that he looked, he couldn't find it. He clenched his fists in frustration. This ki signature could mean trouble.

Gohan and Vegeta continued to walk along, until Gohan noticed that his Dad wasn't walking alongside them. He turned around to see Goku have a stern look on his face, moving his head around as if he was searching for something. "Dad, what's wrong?" Gohan asked. Once Gohan spoke up, Vegeta stopped walking and turned around to see what all the commotion was.

"You guys don't sense that?" Goku replied.

"Sense what Dad?" asked Gohan.

"That huge ki level," Goku said. "It is massive."

Vegeta started to look around and then noticed a massive ki signature nearby as well. "I-Impossible! Kakarotto, don't you think you're making too much out of it?"

"I don't know Vegeta," Goku replied. "But it's massive that's for sure. It could mean trouble."

Gohan started to get worried. Whenever Goku had that look on his face, trouble was nearby. He began to search for that ki signature that Goku was talking about. He looked and looked until finally he found it. It was definitely massive that's for sure but something about it felt familiar…Wait a minute, Gohan said to himself. "That's my ki!"

"Huh?" Vegeta and Goku sounded in unison.

"What do you mean 'yours' brat?" Vegeta asked.

"Well, it's hard to explain," Gohan said. "But basically there is another me around here. Negi-san has a time-machine watch at his disposal and we used it earlier."

"A time-machine? Like what Trunks used before?" Goku mentioned.

Gohan nodded. "Yeah, that's right. However, it can only travel back up to 24 hours. So there are probably two of me out there right now."

"I see," Vegeta mused.

"My mistake then," Goku said happily. "I guess I overreacted a bit."

"No worries Dad," Gohan commented. "Piccolo-san made the same mistake as well." I think, Gohan said to himself. Or maybe he knew about it from the beginning? Who knows? "Anyways, why don't we meet up with Negi-san to go up to the sign-up sheets for the Budokai?"

"Actually, Kuririn and I are supposed to meet up with everyone else so we could all go there together," Goku stated. "So we'll meet you there Gohan."

Gohan nodded in agreement. "Sounds good Dad. I'll see you there then. You remember where it is right?"

"Ummm…nope," Goku said with his usual Son grin on his face.

Gohan sighed. I should have expected this from Dad. "Just ask Piccolo-san or Kuririn-san where it is and they will show you." Gohan then noticed the time on his Saiyaman watch. "I better get going. I'll see you there! Take care Dad, Vegeta-san!"

"Tsk," sounded the Prince of Saiyans. Gohan smiled as he ran the opposite directions towards where the Budokai was to be held. However, above them, on top of a nearby roof, a figure disappeared in the darkness, leaving his monkey tail visible to the light for a few seconds before fading away.



* * *



While walking, Gohan noticed the World Tree light up. It must when Nodoka-san wished something for Negi-san to do, Gohan said to himself with a smile. That was quite an adventure if I say so myself. I can't wait to see how far Negi-san has come when he fights in the Budokai.

As Gohan continued to run, he noticed something near a collection of tables outside a restaurant. He walked up closer and upon inspection, that something was Kotarou, Negi and Yue all talking amongst themselves. "Oi Negi-san! Kotarou-san! Yue-san!" greeted the demi-saiyan.

Negi, Kotarou and Yue all turned their attention to the approaching Gohan. "Gohan-san!" waved Negi. "What are you doing here?"

"I was about to ask you the same thing," Gohan replied. "I'm heading over to the Budokai for the preliminaries. What are you doing here? Shouldn't you get going?"

"That's what I have been trying to tell him Gohan-nii-san," complained Kotarou. "But it seems it has been delayed a bit, according to Negi."

"Oh shucks," Gohan said. "Do you know when they are supposed to start up Negi-san?"

"I'm not sure," responded Negi.

"Um, Gohan-sensei, Negi-sensei," spoke up Yue, "What are these 'preliminaries' that you two keep talking about?"

Gohan and Negi flinched. "Negi-san, does Yue-san know about you?" Gohan whispered into Negi's ear.

"It's okay Gohan-san," responded back the boy. "She and Nodoka know about who I am. But not who you are though."

Gohan let out a sigh of relief. "That's good to hear," Gohan whispered.

"What are you two talking about?" Yue asked.

Gohan flinched. "N-Nothing," Gohan said while wailing around his hands. "Me and Negi-san had to talk about some things in private though."

"Okay, whatever," Yue responded, not pushing the issue. However she was still curious as to what Gohan was. She was there when Shen Long was summoned and saw how he and his friends could fly. Also how he could change hair colors at the drop of a hat. Gohan was very mysterious. Every time that Yue would ask Negi on who Gohan was, the boy teacher would simply brush it away. "So what are these 'preliminaries' though?"

"Oh! They're just the prelims for the festival Budokai. Master Ku says that she won last year," explained Negi. He handed Yue a flyer that explained all the details about the Budokai.

"Now that's odd," Yue said. Gohan, Kotarou and Negi drew closer, curious as to what Yue was thinking. "The tournament that Ku Fei-san won was the Great Tournament that's held every autumn during the Athletic Festival season. I didn't think MahoraFest even had a campus-wide tournament."

"What does that mean?" Gohan asked.

"Here see?" Yue pointed to a specific point on the flyer. "The Mahorafest prize-money's only ¥100,000, which means, this one could be just a scaled-down version of that."

"Dwah?" sounded Negi and Gohan in unison.

"Wh-What are you trying to say squirt?" Kotarou asked angrily.

"Well, there is a lot of history behind this one," explained Yue. "But at something as grand as the Mahorafest, events and quiz-tournaments with prizes in the range of ¥1,000,000 – 2,000,000 are more likely. Knowing that – and hearing the prize-money is only ¥100,000 – I'm thinking this one's got to be a more minor even, sponsored by less-powerful backers. I wouldn't expect too much of the participants' fighting abilities."

"No way!" Negi said.

"That sucks!" Kotarou complained. Gohan sighed. Great, it's going to be either Dad, me or Vegeta at the finals, Gohan said to himself. I was actually looking forward to this.

"Well, we might as well participate in it," Gohan said as the group walked towards the meeting place for the Budokai. Negi and Kotarou nodded in agreement. After all, Trunks and Goten were going to participate in it, hopefully. And maybe Goku, Vegeta, Piccolo and Kuririn would also participate as well even if the competition is fairly weak. Gohan hoped for the best. However, once they reached there, the group noticed a sign that said for a change of venue. The group looked at each other with curious looks on their faces, wondering what was going on.



* * *



After a few minutes of traveling through the train, the group finally arrived to the new location. As the group reached the new place of the knock out tournament, there was an incredible amount of people there, all waiting for the tournament. There were large burly men to some that looked like delinquents. "Is this it?" Gohan asked.

"It sure doesn't look scaled-down to me," Kotarou said with a big grin on his face.

"And isn't this the Tatsumiya shrine?" Yue asked.

No one was sure what was going on right now. All that mattered was that tournament was here. Gohan hoped that all of his friends would be able to find this place. Gohan then noticed a group of people crowding a message board. "Huh what's with the crowd over there?" The group of four walked over to the board and everyone's, save for Gohan's, jaw dropped.

"The prize is 10 million yen!" The group shouted simultaneously.

"Whoever bought this must have a deep pocket," Gohan replied, wondering who had that kind of money in Mahora.

"What's going on here?" Yue asked a random fighter.

"Seems someone's been going around buying up all the tournaments in some kind of mergers and acquisitions thing," a random fighter stated. "The Mahora festival's never really had a big tournament till now, so everyone's excited. It's the return of the Legendary Budokai!"

"Legendary Budokai?" the three boys asked.

"It's all gotten so sloppy lately, all the different martial-arts styles mixing together…I hear this tournament here was supposed to be Mahorafest's main event, up till twenty years or so ago. Anyways, it seems to have attracted a lot of the top guys, so, this oughtta be interesting," the fighter explained.

"Oh..." three younger ones said, while Gohan smiled before thanking the man and as the fighter walked away. This was getting a bit exciting for him.

"Hear that, Aniki? You hear that? Wade on in and use your 'Jovis Tempestus' to clean out the joint!" Chamo stated waving flags with the words team Negi on it.

"A lousy ¥10,000,000 and you're a changed ermine," muttered Yue.

"Hey Negi! Gohan!" the group heard Asuna shout. They turned around and saw the girl running up to them with Setsuna and Konoka in tow.

"Hey guys!" Gohan waved at the approaching girls. Once Asuna saw Gohan's face, she blushed a bit causing Gohan to be curious. At least she wasn't looking away from him that's for sure.

"So how did patrol go?" asked Negi.

"It went well," all three girls agreed.

"So what's with the huge crowd?

Gohan and Negi decided to explain what happened to the Budokai. However, the thing that got Asuna most interested was the prize money. "TEN MILLION YEN?" exclaimed Asuna. "I could pay off my entire tuition plus room and board with that!"

"Gohan-sensei, what would use that money if you won?" Setsuna asked.

"I'm not sure actually," responded Gohan. "Probably go to the repairs for Metro West."

"Oh that's right," mused Setsuna.

"What happened at Metro West?" asked a curious Yue.

"Nothing important really Yue-san," Gohan replied nervously.

Meanwhile, the other two boys were shouting about fighting and the money which Gohan found a bit amusing to say the least. All in all, it was a very common display for the dark haired demi-saiyan. He hoped that these feelings of friendship and peace would continue for a very long time. However, Gohan was curious as to where his friends were. Hope they didn't get lost on the way here, Gohan said.

"Welcome! Students of Mahora, students from other schools, and anyone else who's here!" an announcer's voice boomed over the speakers. "Welcome to the return of the Mahorafest Budokai! For all you to have made it, on such short notice…well, folks, that's great!" The group looked towards the stage and saw Kazumi in a sleeveless white and red dress that ended mid-thigh, along with matching gloves that end up just below her shoulder and knee high boots which Gohan found sort of cute. "The purse? Ten million Yen! It's a legendary Budokai folks, so, be sure and give it your best – for the prize and the honor!"

"That's Kazumi-san," Gohan said. He saw Kazumi look at him for a moment before blushing and continuing. "What is she doing here?" Gohan asked no one in particular.

"Gohan-sensei, Chamo-kun I have bad news!" Setsuna said rushing over to them. In her hand was a flyer. "The person who bought the event! Look who it is!" Gohan's eyes narrowed at the name on the flyer.

No way, Gohan said to himself. It couldn't be…

"Let's start with a few words from our new sponsor to begin the competition! The most popular student in the academy, the mistress of 'Chao Bao Zi'…Chao Lingshen!" Kazumi introduced the Chinese girl. Chao was dressed in traditional Chinese clothing that had dragons on it for design.

"The reason I bought this tournament is for one reason, and one reason only," Chao stated. "Whoever it is that's strongest at this academy, I want to know it – be they of the world of light, or world of dark. And that's all. Until twenty years ago, this tournament was a place where people from that 'other' world could show what they could do. With the advent of digital cameras and other media, however, entrants stopped using their full abilities, leading to smaller battles, smaller prizes, and smaller events overall."

Other world?' Gohan's brow scrunched up in thought. 'What does she mean by that? Also what's with the mention of cameras? That doesn't make sense.

"As of now, however, all that's changed. The Mahora Budokai is hereby revived! Projectile weapons and bladed weapons are forbidden. Further…incanted spells are also forbidden! Aside from that, however, feel free to use whatever techniques you wish such as a Super Saiyan transformation as an example!" Chao exclaimed.

"Why is she saying all of that in front of these people?" Setsuna demanded. Gohan's eyes suddenly widened once he heard the part of transforming into a Super Saiyan. How could she have known that part? He tried figured out just what was going on. What is Chao-san talking about? Gohan asked himself. What is her game?

Chao chuckled at the complaints coming from Setsuna and Negi. "I wouldn't be concerned. In this day and age, unless they have photographic proof, no one will believe it anyway," stated Chao. "Electronic equipment is in place that disables all devices within the perimeter of the Tatsumiya Shrine, including cell-phone cameras. Those of you from the World of Dark, feel free to use your powers. Those of you from the World of Light, all I ask is that you behold the nature of true power and spread the word! That is all!"

Kazumi was about to explain the rules but was interrupted when the crowd of fighters began to complain what the hell Chao was talking about. They didn't understand one word of it. Meanwhile, with Negi's group, Setsuna and Chamo got into a discussion of whether Chao's goal was spread the word about magic to the world. Negi, in the meantime, was shaking in his shoes. He was totally nervous. "Y-You sure about this Kotarou-kun?"

"Sure am I," Kotarou replied with a grin. "When have I ever been wrong?" Gohan chuckled a bit. He was about to say something to Negi to calm him down but then he felt a series of familiar ki signatures nearby. He put on a big smile on his face. Kotarou noticed it. "What is it Gohan-nii-san?" asked the hanyou.

"They are here," Gohan said.

"Who is?" Natsumi asked, who was right next to Kotarou.

"My family and friends," Gohan replied. He turned his eyesight towards a certain direction, causing everyone in the group to look in the same direction as Gohan. They noticed a group of people coming towards them. Upon closer inspection, it was Goku and friends! Alongside Goku was Piccolo, Vegeta, Trunks, Goten and Kuririn.

"Oi Negi-kun!" screamed Goten as he ran up to the boy. Trunks followed behind the demi-saiyan.

"Goten-kun, Trunks-kun," greeted Negi. "What are you guys doing here?"

"Participating in the Budokai Negi," Trunks responded. "Me and Goten are going as Gotenks!"

Goten nodded. "Mm-mmm, it sounded like cool idea!" Goten said happily. "Especially since the idea came from Trunks-kun."

Trunks a blushed a bit. "Ah shucks Goten, you give me too much credit." Everyone laughed while Negi continued to sweat nervously. Even more strong fighters are coming in! Negi exclaimed to himself. I hope Goku-san and Vegeta-san don't participate.

"So when is the Budokai starting?" Vegeta asked in his usual tone.

"Come on Vegeta," Goku said. "I'm sure they are going to start anytime soon."

Vegeta 'hmphed' at Goku. "Whatever Kakarotto," Vegeta mused. "I'll wait as long as I get to fight you during the Budokai."

"Deal Vegeta," Goku nodded. Negi shrieked. Great! Vegeta-san and Goku-san are participating as well! This is bad!

Negi then turned to Gohan, ready to ask the demi-saiyan if he was also going to participate as well. However, Negi knew the answer when he saw Gohan have a confident grin on his face. A very excited grin on his face to say the least. Negi started to tremble under the pressure. If Gohan was going to enter then maybe Piccolo was going to enter as well. He turned to Kuririn. "Hey Kuririn-san, are you going to participate as well?"

Kuririn laughed. "Are you crazy? Goku, Gohan, Gotenks and Vegeta are going to fighting. Count me out," Kuririn said.

"But Kuririn-san, you said that you were going to participate," Gohan mentioned.

"That's true, but after much thinking, I decided to cheer from the sidelines," Kuririn said with a smile on his face. Thankfully No. 18 is not here to pressure me to fight, Kuririn said to himself. She would have definitely have told me to fight due to the prize money. So I am safe for now.

"Aww, Kuririn, I wanted you to fight with me," pouted Goku.

"Don't worry Dad, I'm sure that there will be other fighters to fight against," Gohan said. "Right Piccolo-san?"

The Namekian grinned. "Sure."

"Seems things have gotten interesting while I was gone," said a voice. Everyone turned around to see Mana, Kaede and Ku Fei standing before them. Mana was dressed in shrine robes, Ku Fei in here Chinese Martial Arts uniform and Kaede was wearing a maid sailor uniform. Fumika and Fuka played around with Kotarou, especially with his dog ears. Goten and Trunks decided to join in as well.

Negi flinched. "Are you all here?" he exclaimed.

"Seem like good tournament-aru," commented Ku Fei.

"Maybe I'll enter myself, for ten million," added Mana. "What do you think Kaede?"

"You've got a point," responded the ninja in training. "And I do guess we could use our powers at least."

Goku started to grin even more. This Budokai was becoming more and more exciting! This was great! Meanwhile, Negi started to shriek and tremble even more, fearing that he would definitely be knocked out of the tournament easily. However, it seemed that certain person (or a vampire) knew exactly what the boy was thinking. "Don't even think about quitting from the tournament," Eva said dressed in an interesting dress that looked cute for a little girl. "I hope you didn't forget about me?"

Negi flinched. "MASTER?" he exclaimed.

Goku turned around saw. "Hey you're that…who are you again?" he asked, causing Gohan and Eva to face-fault.

"Dad! Don't you remember?" Gohan exclaimed.

Goku smiled with his usual Son grin. "Nope! Can't say I do," Goku responded.

A tick appeared on Eva's head, annoyed with Goku obviously. "Whatever," she said as she turned her attention to Negi. "Boya, you do remember your promise, though? That, if you lose to me on the last day of the festival, you have to spend your entire day with me?"

"Of course I do!" saluted Negi.

Eva smiled. "Good," she said as she now turned her attention to Son Gohan, however this time, there was a slight blush on her face as she looked at the demi-saiyan. "And you remember our promise, right assistant?" she asked with an evil glare on her face.

Gohan gulped as a nervous sweat slid down on the side of his face. Gohan gave a nod accordingly to the Lolita vampire. "O-Of course," he said.

"Hello! Having fun?" asked a voice behind Eva. Negi and Gohan (and so did Asuna) recognized the person from whom the voice came from. It was Takamichi!

"Takamichi-san, what are you doing here?" asked Gohan.

"Well," Takamichi said with a cigarette in his mouth, "perphaps if Negi-kun and Gohan-kun are entering, so will I!"

Eva gritted her teeth at the man. "Why would you be interested in something like this?" snarled the vampire.

"Actually, I only meant to observe," stated Takamichi. "But, I made a promise to Negi-kun when he was smaller to match strength-to-strength once he'd grown up. And besides, I always wanted to fight against Son Gohan-kun as well."

Gohan smiled at the prospect of fighting Takamichi. "I'll take that challenge Takamichi-san," he responded with a confident grin on his face. Takamichi grinned in kind.

Then Asuna ran up in front of Takamich and screamed," I-IF YOU'RE ENTERING, TAKAHATA-SENSEI, TH-THEN I AM, TOO!"

Kuririn laughed at the scene, drawing some curious looks from the people around him. "Ah, to be in love," he muttered.

Negi started to freak out even more. Now Takamichi was entering! This couldn't get any worse! "Kotarou-kun, I-I'm thinking I won't enter after all," Negi said.

"What? Why?" asked the hanyou.

"The only reason I would enter is to see how much I have improved," explained Negi. "With so many strong people around, though, I'll be out before I even have a chance to do anything."

"What?" Kotarou exclaimed. "Don't be stupid! If you were a man like Gohan-nii-san, that would only excite you!"

"Hey, don't categorize me with you Kotarou-san," Gohan complained. Although, with this much competition, this Budokai is looking to be more interesting than ever before. This is, in actuality, getting me excited for this tournament. I guess I am my father's son.

"Oh, that's right," Chao said before she left. "One more thing. Before this tournament started going downhill, the last great winner of the tournament was a child from a foreign land, who just showed up at the academy one day. 'Nagi Springfield,' he was called…at the time, he was only ten years old. Those of you who know the name, let it encourage you further!"

Gohan frowned his eyebrows a bit, curious as to why Chao mentioned that last part. It was like she wanted Negi-san to enter, Gohan said to himself. He turned his head and noticed something different about Negi's eyes. The eyes were those of being scared but rather than that of determination. Well, it worked. Negi-san is more determined than ever. He is still chasing after his father and I wouldn't blame him for it either.

"All right, what are we waiting for?" Goku said with fist pump in the air. "Let's sign up!"

Everyone nodded and fistpumped in the air as well. "Right!"

Kazumi took back the mic from Chao and began to speak in it once more. "Okay, entrants! Come forward and pick yourselves a lottery ticket! The numbers will be used to sort you into twenty-member groups which will then compete against each other in a battle royale."

Vegeta smirked. "That sounds much more exciting than that of the other tournament," he mused.

"You bet," responded Goku.

However, Kazumi wasn't finished. "We'll be accepting new entrants up till the very last minute, so age, gender, or previous martial-arts experience isn't a factor. What are you waiting for? The main tournament begins at 8:00 am sharp, on the second day of the festival. So let the tournament preliminaries now begin!"

Goten and Trunks looked at each and nodded. "Papa!"

"Otou-san!"

Goku and Vegeta turned around to see what their children wanted to say. "Yeah Goten, Trunks?" asked Goku.

Goten looked at Trunks, making sure if he understood what the two of them were going to do. "Me and Trunks-kun will be right back. We are going to do fusion!" Trunks nodded in agreement.

Yue blinked a few times to make sure what she heard was correct. The boys said they were going to do fusion? What does that mean? She wondered. Meanwhile, Kazumi continued to explain how the preliminaries was going to work. "Remember these tournament preliminaries will be fought in groups of 20, battle-royal style. Labelled 'A' thru 'H,' only two from each group will move on to the next round, leaving only 16 participants for tomorrow's main event!"

Everyone went ahead and grabbed their ticket stubs. Mana and Ku Fei got group D as well as did Piccolo. Gohan got group H while Goku and Vegeta got group G. Asuna and Setsuna got group C and Kaede got group E. "It seems we are in the same group Vegeta," Goku said to his 'friendly' rival.

"Heh, whatever," Vegeta mused in his usual scowl. "I am not interested in fighting you Kakarotto in a battle royale. I want to beat you one-on-one got that?"

Goku nodded with a grin on his face. "Sure thing Vegeta," he said. "I agree with you whole heartedly."

"Good, I am going to eliminate all the competition that stands in my way of fighting you Kakarotto," Vegeta said as he walked towards the designated group area for group G. Goku chuckled. Always the same, Vegeta, Goku said to himself. But this is so exciting! I can't wait to see who I come across against. As everyone walked to their designated area, mostly everyone from class 3-A had appeared at the Tatsumiya Shrine, to watch the fights and cheer on whoever they want.



* * *



Meanwhile, the two demi-saiyan boys went with Negi and Kotarou to a nearby hallway after getting their ticket stubs. Negi got picked in group B, Kotarou in group E while Trunks picked out for Gotenks which turned out to be group A. In the hallway, Goten and Trunks looked at each other, nodding to get ready for the fusion. Kotarou was curious as to why Goten didn't pick a stub up. "Hey why didn't Goten pick one up?"

"Because Goten and I are going as Gotenks," responded Trunks.

"Gotenks? Who is that?" Kotarou asked. "I remember you mentioned him before."

"Watch," Trunks said as he and Goten got six paces of distance each other. "Goten ready?"

Goten nodded. "Mm-mmm."

"Yosh!"

Then Goten and Trunks did the fusion dance which drew a sweat drop from Kotarou who thought the dance looked kind of weird and funny. "Fuuu-sion!" said both Goten and Trunks as they did the fusion dance. Once they were close to each other and touched each other's fingers, both of them screamed, "HA!"

A bright light shone in the hallway, causing Kotarou and Negi to cover up their eyes. Once the light subsided, Kotarou was in for a surprise. There were no longer two fighters…there was one! And his name was Gotenks! "Yay! Yay! Gotenks-san is here!" Gotenks said. Negi noticed something differently about Gotenks. Although he was wearing the same outfit as before during the battle against Hildegarn but this time he wasn't in his Super Saiyan state. He was in his normal state. His hair was a mixture of the hair of both Trunks and Goten, with the front and back of his hair being black like those of Goten's, and the sides being the purple/white color that Trunks's hair was. The hair style was similar overall to Goten's while in his Super Saiyan form.

Kotarou gaped at the sight of Gotenks. He could feel great power emanating from the fused demi-saiyan. "Incredible," Kotarou said. He was at a loss of words.

Gotenks grinned as he rubbed his nose with his index finger. "Of course it is! After all, I, Gotenks-sama, am the greatest fighter!"

"Heh," grinned the hanyou, "we'll see about that! Negi, let's –" but Kotarou stopped himself when he noticed Negi was looking at something. It was the D group fighting first right now as well as the H group too. It was Mana's, Ku Fei's, Piccolo's and Gohan's turn.

As the fighting began, Ku Fei had basically thrown around everyone from her group, save for Mana who was standing there happy not to be doing anything, save for Piccolo who stood near one of the corners of the arena. "Now there's some strength!" commented Kazumi in the mic. "Let's hear it for the leader of the Mahora Martial Arts club, Ku Fei!" The crowd cheered accordingly. "Leave it to last year's winner of the 'Ulti-Mahora' Tournament! Men twice her weight are just flying into the air!"

"Is there no challenger to face me-aru?" Ku Fei asked. She looked at Piccolo, ready to fight off the Namekian. "Hey green guy, fight me-aru!"

Piccolo opened one of his eyes to see who was talking to him. "I have no interest in fighting against you," said the Namekian. "Your form is too weak."

"What? Don't make fun of 4000 years of Chinese Martial Arts history-aru!" Ku Fei as she rushed up to Piccolo but was stopped when Mana stepped in front of her. Ku Fei looked at her classmate with a curious look. She was about to ask but Mana interrupted her.

"Hey Picc–"

"Ma Junior," said the Namekian.

"Huh?"

"Call me Ma Junior during this tournament," Piccolo stated.

"Ma Junior, I have been eager to fight against you ever since the Kyoto trip," Mana said as she pulled out rolls of coins out of her pocket. One of Piccolo's eyes widened when he noticed the rolls of coins in her pockets. This peaked his interest greatly.

"Interesting," the Namekian muttered. Within a second, Mana launched a series of coins at her opponent. Piccolo dodged each one but on the last one, it scraped his cheek resulting in a cut that drew some purple blood. "This fight has got some potential."

"Hmph," smiled Mana. "You've seen nothing yet." Two of them proceeded to fight once again with Mana kept on launching coins at the Namekian. The Namekian kept on dodging them and even repelled back some of the coins towards Mana. It was becoming a battle of attrition between the two fighters while Ku Fei pouted since she didn't get to fight Piccolo.

Then a person with a wooden sword came up. "We can't have the Kendo club losing to Chinese Martial Arts! Prepare for defeat cahirman Ku!" ranted the fighter. The fighters around the stage started to protest on the Bokuto that the fighter was carrying and what Mana was launching at Piccolo.

"Hey ref! Is that even legal what that girl is doing?" asked one of the fighters.

"The only things banned are projectiles and bladed weapons – everything else is A-O.K.!" explained Kazumi. "Just to be clear, for our purposes 'projectiles' are limited to firearms and bows-and-arrows with pointy-parts attached…thrown rocks, coins or tossed ropes, we've got no problem with!"

"But using a weapon's an unfair advantage!" complained one of the fighters. Then Ku Fei approached the Kendo fighter with ease. To be put easily, Ku plowed her fist right through the sword and practically sent the guy flying.

"Simply amazing!" shouted Kazumi in the mic.

Negi and Kotarou were amazed too at the speed of both fighters while Gotenks was amazed at the speed of Mana launching her coins at Piccolo. "I-Incredible," muttered all three of them.

Kotarou snapped out of the awe once he noticed that their groups were about to be called. "Yo Negi!" Kotarou said, shaking Gotenks and Negi out of their looks of awe. "Hurry up and suck down your lozenge. You too Gotenks."

Gotenks and Negi looked at each other and nodded. They knew exactly what the other was thinking. "Kotarou-kun I don't think I am going to use it," Gotenks said catching the hanyou by surprise before he swallowed the pill.

"We've decided to re-renter as we are," Negi added, "since there's no longer an age-limit anymore."

"Why so Negi?" Kotarou asked.

"My father won this tournament when he was only ten," Negi replied. "I'd like to try it the same way."

"What about you Gotenks?"

"I thought it would look uncool if I didn't go as myself," Gotenks said. "I probably would beat everyone if I was an adult. There wouldn't be any fun in that."

Kotarou grinned and nodded in agreement. "You're right! But just remember Negi…lose in the prelims, and I'll never forgive you," said the hanyou.

Negi nodded. "Got it."

Gohan smiled. He watched the scene between the boys from a distance. Even though he couldn't hear them, he was glad that they didn't use their adult forms. He wanted to fight against them using their normal forms. But as he watched the scene between the boys, fighters all over his arena tried to attack but to no avail. One of the fighters approached Gohan but he met resistance when the demi-saiyan raised his right fist and punched the guy who tried sneaking up on him in the face. However, because of that, Gohan knew he couldn't be too relaxed about in the arena. He turned around and noticed a large group of fighters in front of him. The demi-saiyan smirked. "Dad used to say that he entered the Tenkaichi Budokai to test his skills," Gohan said to no one in particular. "So I am going to do the same." He approached the incoming hoard of fighters that were coming towards him and defeated them all with ease.

As he fought each one using relatively low ki level as to not hurt the fighters too badly, he sensed a familiar ki signature in the arena. Gohan smiled. He didn't expect this person to come which means that she was not alone. Her partner must be in one of the other groups. Gohan wasn't going to try to talk to this person. After all, it wouldn't be fair to her especially when coming all this way to participate in the tournament.



* * *



Meanwhile, back at Group D, Mana and Piccolo had kept on fighting against each other with Mana usually on the offensive and Piccolo on the defensive. People around the arena noticed that Mana was starting to get exhausted and tired of Piccolo dodging all of her attacks. Why won't he come and attack me head on? She asked herself. What is he waiting for? She kept on launching coins at the Namekian until finally, she ran out of coins! "Oh no!" Mana shrieked. Shit! I used up all of my coins, Mana said. Great, now what I am going to use for movie tickets?

"It's over," Piccolo said as he approached the shocked Mana. "You focused too much on launching the coins as well as other long-range attacks instead of attacking me head-on with some short-range attacks such as punches and kicks. What happens if you lose your weapon in the middle of the battle? You need to find new areas of fighting in order to become a more skillful demon assassin," explained Piccolo.

"Wait how did you…?"

"Don't worry about it," Piccolo said. "I won't tell anyone. But remember this fight. It will help you in the upcoming battles ahead."

Mana smiled. She raised her hand, telling the ref that she was giving up. What a great fighter, Mana said to herself. He knew about my weaknesses and rather than expose them to everyone, he allowed me to realize what they were. Gohan-sensei, you have a great teacher.

"Incredible! Mana has given up! Who would have thought of that?" yelled Kazumi. She then noticed a crowd of people surrounding certain stages. "What's this? Something weird is happening in groups B, E and A!" Kazumi shouted into the mic. Everyone looked towards stages A, B and E and saw Negi, Kotarou and Gotenks standing in the middle of the group. The groups were laughing at them being in there.

In Negi's stage, the fighters approached the boy, telling him to buzz off or he was going to get hurt. Negi bowed at the fighters politely like any good martial artist should do before fighting. Negi fling a man three times his size and ten times heavier than him out of the ring.

"What's this?" shouted Kazumi. "It's unbelievable! Did he use some kind of weapon? The 'child-teacher' of gossip and rumor has easily put down a man ten times his own size!" Everyone in Negi's arena started to get scared of the little boy's power. However, in order to get into the finals, they needed to suck it up and fight against very strong opponent. Gohan smiled at Negi's strength. He realized that Negi didn't even take off his weighted clothing either so to be able to do that was impressive. However, he realized that bigger doesn't mean better. He remembered his own similar fight during the special Tenkaichi Budokai after the Cell games.

Gohan then turned his attention to the last remaining fighters in his stage. He wanted to see the other fights as well so he decided to end it quickly by knocking out the remaining fighters, except for the girl. Everyone turned their attention to Gohan's group when they saw the quickness of Gohan in eliminating the remaining fighters. "Incredible! And the winners are Son Gohan and Sakura Mei!" Kazumi shouted over the mic.

Gohan walked over to the girl who was covered in a cloak. "You don't have to hide anymore," Gohan said. "I know who you are."

"But how?" Mei asked as she removed the cloak from her head.

"Don't worry about it," Gohan said. "But where is Takane-san? Is she participating as well?"

Mei nodded. "Yup! Onee-sama is over at Group A."

"Did you say group A?" Gohan asked nervously.

"Yeah why?"

"I should get over there," Gohan said as he started to run over to the Group A arena. "She might get hurt."

"Why? What is going to happen to Onee-sama?"

Then suddenly, a loud voice boomed from the Group A. "Dynamite kick boomerang!" A small explosion occurred at the stage, knocking out some of the fighters there.

Gohan pointed in that direction, well more specifically to a certain person on the stage. "That," Gohan said. Mei looked at where the demi-saiyan was pointing at. It was Gotenks who was smiling like crazy.

"You guys should give up," Gotenks said nonchantly. "You are no match for Gotenks-sama."

"Damn brat! Don't make fun of us!" screamed one of the fighters as he approached the fused demi-saiyan.

Just when the fighter was close enough to the fused demi-saiyan, Gotenks jumped in the air. "Power tackle!" He tackled into the ground hard, knocking out the fighter cold. The other fighters took their opportunity and approached Gotenks. The fused demi-saiyan grinned as he fought off the fighters with his attacks. "Miracle Super Punch! Great Kick Special! Dangerous Machinegun Punch! Spiral Shooting Sobat!"

Gohan and Mei approached the arena. Both of them began to look around for Takane while Gotenks continued his attack on the fighters. The two of them kept on looking until Gohan finally saw Takane at a corner. "Takane-san!" screamed Gohan, trying to get her attention. Takane heard Gohan's shout and turned her head. She saw Gohan and Mei waving at her. She was about to say something to tell them not to reveal her identity since she wanted to get revenge on Negi for humiliating her, but Gohan continued. "Don't fight him!"

Takane wasn't sure what Gohan was talking about. However, a blush ran over her face as she realized that Gohan was worried about her. Could he like me? She wondered. She shook her head trying to get out those thoughts as she decided to take Gohan's advice and not attack Gotenks. Meanwhile, Gotenks continued his attacks except he stopped halfway as he tried to remember what came next. "Huh? Next comes…" Then he finally remembered and continued his attacks. "Magnum Sundae! Ultra Missile Parfait! Hyper Plasma Shortcake!" All of the fighters were being knocked around so easily.

However, Gohan, Mei, Takane and everybody else sweat-dropped at the names of Gotenks's attacks. Gohan palmed himself in the head at the names. How did Piccolo-san deal with those two I wonder, Gohan said to himself. Gotenks in the meantime, stopped his attacks as he forgot what was coming next. He took out a sheet of paper from his vest and looked at it. "Burning Annindo," he muttered. He then shrugged his shoulders and decided to do the attack anyways. "Burning Annindo!" And with that, all of the fighters in Group A were eliminated save for Takane.

"Amazing!" shouted Kazumi in the mic once again. "The boy known as Gotenks took out of the fighters in his group with ease!" Though I don't know about the names, she said to herself. "Heh-loh! There's been a surprising turn in 'E' group, as well!"

Gohan and the others turned their attention to the group and saw Kaede using clones to practically push everyone out of her way. This then led into a small competition on who can make more clones with Kotarou. "And don't forget the sailor-suited duo over at group 'C'!" Kazumi mentioned as both Setsuna and Asuna were beating down everyone in their group. "One by one, those powerful combatants are going down! Talk about your completely unexpected turn of events! There's no telling what'll happen!"

The same could be said with Eva and Takamichi even though those two didn't even touch anyone. However, at group G, everyone was being knocked around by two powerful warriors…Goku and Vegeta. "This is exciting!" Goku said with Son grin on his face.

"Tsk," mused the Saiyan Prince, "I don't know about you Kakarotto but there are no foes that interest me here except for you. I want to get this over and done with quickly."

"Come on Vegeta, have some fun," Goku said excitedly as he fought against some fighters in which he beat easily. A fighter tried to approach Vegeta from behind, but all he got was a direct punch in the face, sending the poor guy flying. Everyone in the arena turned wide-eyed with their jaws fully opened. Mostly everyone raised their hands to give up, leaving only Goku and Vegeta the winners. "Aw man," Goku pouted. "Vegeta, you are no fun."

"Whatever," muttered Vegeta.

"Son Goku and Vegeta are the winners of Group H!" shouted Kazumi.

Back at Negi's group, Negi was easily finishing off each opponent with ease. Once he heard that everyone else had advanced to the main event, Negi clenched his fist in determination. He wasn't going to be the only one to not advance. However, he was hit on the side of his face by an attack. "What was that?" he asked to no one in particular.

However, someone did reply. "Call it a 'distance attack,' said the voice. Negi turned around to see a cloaked figure before him. The figure's aura felt really weird, according to Negi's senses. Weird and familiar at the same time too. Before Negi could ask, the cloaked fighter continued to speak. "He may not seem it, but the man has more training than you think. Be careful."

"Not bad, bozou!" said the fighter that had attacked Negi. "I underestimated you! I, Gotokuji Kaoru, am not the type to hold back! Prepare yourself!" Negi got himself in a fighting position. "Take this! 'Street-style Kill Fu' Mircale-Ultimate Battle Technique…SUPER FINAL TECHNIQUE: BULLET OF MANLINESS!" The fighter shot forward his arm and out came a ki blast. Negi turned a bit wide-eyed. That technique is similar to Gohan's san! Negi said to himself.

"Yosh!" Negi grabbed his wand and chanted his attack as he did something similar to the fighter. Both blast hit each other, causing a small explosion in the middle of the stage. As the fighter watched the explosion with a grin on his face, that grin turned sour when he saw Negi dashing towards him. And with a palm-attack to the gut, Negi finished off the fighter. The cloaked fighter smiled.

Everyone around the stage was in shock. "Wh-What just happen?" Kazumi shouted. "Anyhow, folks, it is over! However improbably, the infamous 'child-teacher' moves on to the final rounds!" The crowd cheered at Negi's victory.



* * *



A few minutes later…

"All right everyone the main matches start tomorrow at 8 AM at the Tatsumiya Shrine's Tournament stage," Kazumi stated. "The draws for the matches tomorrow have been revealed. So here they are!" Behind Kazumi a white cloth fell to reveal the fights of the following day. The fights go as:

Bracket A:

Sakura Mei vs Murakami Kotarou

Ku Fei vs Ku:Nel Sanders

Ma Junior vs Takane D Goodman

Negi Springfield vs Takahata Takamichi

Bracket B:

Kagurazaka Asuna vs Sakurazaki Setsuna

Evangeline A. K. McDowell vs Son Gohan

Nagase Kaede vs Gotenks

Son Goku vs Vegeta

"WHAT? I'M AGAINST TAKAMICHI!" Negi shouted as he panicked. Gohan panicked as well. Not because he was fighting against Eva but because Goku and Vegeta were going to face off right from the start! This was bad!

"Wow Goku vs. Vegeta! And right off the bat too?" Kuririn exclaimed.

"Heh, just what I was hoping for," Vegeta spoke with a big grin on his face. "Wouldn't you say Kakarotto?"

Goku grinned in kind. "You bet Vegeta! This is going to be exciting!"

Eva, meanwhile, had an evil grin on her face. Finally, she said to herself, I get to fight the assistant. I always wondered how strong he really was.

Gohan let out a sigh. However, he immediately smiled as he looked at the board once more time. Well this was to be expected, he said to himself. But overall, I have to agree with Dad. This Budokai is turning out to be very exciting that's for sure.



* * *



Author's note: Hey everybody! I hope you guys enjoyed the last chapter before I leave for Japan. I wanted to leave the readers with some anticipation, especially on how I made the tournament matches. I changed a few things around in order to put some of the DB characters in it. So don't expect this tournament to follow the manga so closely. There maybe a few surprises here and there hehehe.

Oh, I want to mention something that I didn't mention before in the beginning. If, by chance, this series gets to or close to 300 reviews, I will post up a new chapter regardless of where I am and if I have internet or not since I will be checking my email most of the time. So keep sending those awesome reviews. See you guys around! Peace!





*Chapter 24*: Frenzy at MahoraFest!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. See chapter 1 for details.

Author's note: Hey everybody! I'm back baby and hanging in Japan! It's awesome! How are you guys doing? Hope everything is going well with everyone. Work is going really well for me. The kids are amazing. Training was hell as always but I got a lot out of it so I guess it worked out in the end hehehe.

I want to thank naioka1992 for beta-reading this chapter. And I want to thank you all out there reading for your awesome support as well (even though we didn't reach our 300 review goal but I think this time around we can do it. Just review all the other chapters like The Dude did before)! Anyways, as a reward, I will present to you guys Chapter 24 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 24: Frenzy at MahoraFest! Gohan's Frantic Dates!

The preliminary rounds were over. After looking at the list of matches one more time, everyone decided to go back and meet up with the rest of Class 3-A for the first-day wrap party. Takamichi, Goku, Vegeta, Goten, Trunks, Kuririn and Piccolo were invited to it as well. As the group walked to the meeting place, they heard the PA announcer go off in the speakers. "Day One of MahoraFest may be drawing to an end, but around the World Tree, the Evening events are just getting started! As always, staying healthy starts with you. Students are reminded to avoid all-nighters and – when appropriate! – not to over indulge in alcohol."

The group walked around the Mahora district, fireworks going off in the sky. They walked until they finally reached to the appointed location…Starbooks Coffee! "Negi-sensei! Gohan-sensei!" greeted the girls as the group approached the coffee store. "Was that a great first day or what!"

Some of the girls approached the young teacher, Negi Springfield, thanking him for helping out with haunted house as well as visit everyone's stand. Negi was a bit confused at the scene since he didn't do any of the things that the girls were talking about just yet. Gohan chuckled at the sight but he was curious as well. Maybe it was the time machine again? Gohan wondered. Gohan was about to go and talk with Goku and friends before being stopped by Misa.

"Gohan-kun!" greeted the purpled haired girl.

"Hey Misa-san!" the demi-saiyan said. "I heard that the haunted house went off with a success."

"It sure did," Misa said but a heavy blush on her face, which caught Gohan's interest. He came a little closer, worried that his student might have a fever, but was stopped when Misa spoke. "Um….Gohan-kun…?"

"Yeah Misa-san, what's up?" asked Gohan.

"W-W-Will you promise not to tell my boyfriend what I did earlier?" stuttered Misa. Gohan blinked a few times, with a confused look on his face. Gohan wasn't sure what she was talking about. So the only response he could think of was…

"Sure."

Misa beamed happily. "Great!" exclaimed the long purple haired girl. "It will be our little secret okay?"

Gohan gave a nod with a smile on his face. "Sure." Misa smiled happily as she walked back to the group. Man, now I am really curious as to what I did, Gohan said to himself. He then took out his little pocket book that he had where his schedule was written down, thanks in due part to Kazumi. According to this, I'm supposed to meet up with Misa-san first, then Kazumi-san for her compensation date, and then meet up with Haruna-san where we are supposed to go to that Mahora costume thingy.

As Gohan began to look at his schedule, he heard a voice behind him. "Um, uh…Gohan-sensei?" Gohan turned around to see a slightly blushed Chisame standing before him.

"Yes, Chisame-san?" responded the demi-saiyan. "What's up?"

"About what happened, today," Chisame stated with her eyes looking away from the demi-saiyan, "do you promise you really won't tell anyone?"

Gohan looked at her with a confused look on his face. "Huh?"

"You better not talk, you hear me?" exclaimed Chisame with a heavy blush on her face as she grabbed hold on Gohan's shirt and began to shake him around. "You promised, remember?"

"Y-Y-Yeah! I remember!" Gohan said. Chisame let out a sigh, let go of Gohan's shirt and walked away. "Man, it looks like I'm going to have go back in time once again." Gohan then looked around for the young boy teacher to see if he could go back in time with him. After all, Negi was going back to see everyone's stand anyways. He located Negi on the upper level near the coffee shop and saw him explaining about the watch to the hanyou, Kotarou. After Kotarou asked to see if he could come back as well, Gohan decided to speak up as well. "Hey Negi-san, can I join with you guys?" asked the demi-saiyan.

"Gohan-san!" Negi greeted. "Sure, but aren't you going to spend time with your family and friends?"

"Well, yeah but later on," commented Gohan. "It seems that I went to some events that I don't even remember going to. Thus, the logical conclusion that I could come up with was that I travelled back in time or somehow made time to spend with the people I was supposed to go with. So is it all right if I go with you guys?"

"Sure Gohan-san," Negi replied. "Let's get going."

Kotarou and Gohan nodded as they held onto the young teacher. "Right!" Then in a bright light, the area around them swirled and they disappeared into thin air.



* * *



Meanwhile, back at Tasumiya Shrine…

"Thank you Tatsumiya-san for losing well ne," Chao said from within a computer room in the shrine. "It would have been bad if the number one candidate for victory lost early on. I didn't expect to have you face such tough competition in the preliminaries. But thanks to your performance against Ma Junior, the crowd is now livelier. Here is some compensation." Chao offered Mana an envelope.

Mana who had changed into a short sleeve white jacket, a black one piece body suit that looked like a swim suit, and the actually leg long boots, that was strapped to a garter shook her head. "No, I'm not going to take it," she told the Chinese girl.

"Oh?"

"As it was, I was serious in that fight. Ma Junior was a strong opponent but he was holding back. I had no chance of winning. Besides," Mana looked at the screen that displayed the pictures of the fighters next to their names of the tournament sheet, more specifically to certain picture, "if I take that, I feel like I'll be hated by that kid."



* * *



MahoraFest first day (round four)…

After travelling back in time, Gohan bid farewell to Kotarou and Negi as he went off to start off his schedule. His first appointment was the one with Misa.

So Gohan was waiting in front of the theater that the film club was using, waiting for the purple haired girl to arrive. Gohan had decided to wear brown Dockers pants and a matching brown jacket over a white button shirt. While he was waiting, Gohan leaned against the wall and looking as people passed by and took in all the joy people were basically radiating over their bodies with a smile on his face. It seems everyone is enjoying the festival to the fullest, Gohan said to himself. I hope this lasts. For some reason, Gohan was starting to feel an ominous feeling spreading over the festival. Ever since his dad had mentioned about that strong ki signature, Gohan couldn't stop but think that maybe that ki signature didn't belong to him. If it truly didn't, then someone or something powerful and potentially evil was in the festival. Gohan knew he couldn't take any chances, however, there was a lack of information to go on with, and thus he was going to wait for this potential opponent to show himself in the future.

"Gohan-kun!" Misa called out. Gohan snapped out of his pondering and looked down the street to his left and saw the purple haired girl. She was wearing a red skirt and a black bomber jacket, under that was a black tube top. She had on black stockings and black boots. The girl ran up to him and smiled. "Sorry I'm late Gohan-kun," she said. "They were a lot of people showing up at the haunted house that it was becoming hard to get out."

"That's okay," Gohan said. "But is it okay for you leave when there were a lot of people? I mean, wouldn't any of the other girls from the class complain?"

"Don't worry Gohan-kun," Misa calmed the demi-saiyan. "Yuna said that she would cover my shift, although she did mention a message to relay to you."

Gohan got a curious look on his face while a nervous sweat slid down on the side of his face. "What is it? What did Yuna-san say?" the demi-saiyan asked.

"She told me that 'You owe me big time Gohan-kun. I hope you keep to your promise,'" stated Misa. "What is she referring to?" And what promise? Misa asked to herself jealously.

Gohan gulped. "N-Nothing," Gohan said as he wailed his hands in front of Misa. Crap, Gohan said to himself, I almost completely forgot. I did promise to Yuna-san I was going to tell her everything. But how I wonder? Gohan shook his head, reminding himself that he should worry about that later. "Anyways, Misa-san, is your boyfriend okay with this?"

"Aw it's okay he trust's me," Misa replied smiling at him. "I had already told him about you so you don't worry about him."

"Oh okay," Gohan said nervously. "So you ready to see this film?"

"Sure am!" Misa beamed. "I heard that the high school film club went all out with this movie. Apparently, all of the senior members of the club are graduating. I heard that the screenplay for this movie was amazing."

"Well then, let's check it out," Gohan said as he and Misa went to the theater where the film club was going to show their movie. To Gohan's knowledge, the movie was a love story set in the early days of the Shouwa era between a young daughter of a traditional family and young boy who both fell in love.

As they watched the movie, Misa laughed, "aw"-ed, and even sniffled a few times while Gohan was confused on the plot, especially on the romantic parts. However, he did notice that the heroine was shy but had a gentle heart which caught his interest a bit. Despite that though, there were a few times during the movie that the two accidentally touched hands when they were reaching for the popcorn, and felt electricity going through their bodies. The two would look away and mumble apologies before going back to the movie. Though as the movie progressed even more, Gohan's eyes widened as he felt Misa's hand slowly came into contact with his before hesitantly intertwining her fingers with his.

I hope this is just her mistaking me for her boyfriend and not anything else, Gohan thought as he did find a strange comfort as her hand was in his, and slowly closed his hands over hers. Gohan looked at their conjoined hands and then to the girl who placed her head on his shoulder as she continued to watch the movie with interest. Gohan didn't think too much of the movie. It was kind of getting boring and he was beginning to lose interest. That was until a particular scene where the heroine made a declaration of her love that sounded almost too real. He had seen some romantic movies before but the performance that the heroine made was incredible. It felt like she really was confessing her love to the main character. As the movie ended the two got out of the theater, not noticing that their hands were connected. As they left the building Gohan saw a familiar face.

"Kuririn-san!" Gohan yelled towards the short blacked haired man.

"Gohan!" Kuririn greeted. "What are you doing here?"

"I was about to ask you the same thing Kuririn-san," replied Gohan. "What are you doing here? I thought you were going to help out with the haunted house."

"Well…it was just…" Kuririn moved his eyes, trying to avoid showing his blush on his face.

"Wait you were scared weren't you?" Gohan said bluntly, causing Kuririn to hit him on the head. "Yow-ow-ow-ow."

"Thanks for saying that out loud," Kuririn muttered with a blush of embarrassment on his face. He then noticed Misa. "So Gohan, I thought you weren't looking for a girlfriend."

"Huh?" Kuririn then pointed at their joined hands. Gohan and Misa blushed before letting go of each other's hands and sputtering excuses.

"She's/He's not my girl/boyfriend," Gohan and Misa said at the same time. Kuririn laughed and shook his head and chuckled.

"Whatever you say Gohan. Anyways, I should get going, I need to look for Goten and Trunks since Goku and Vegeta are doing something else," Kuririn said. Gohan laughed nervously. He knew full well what Goku and Vegeta were doing right now. "Well, I should get going. See you around Gohan. And…"Kuririn went next to Gohan to whisper the next part with a sly smile on his face, "…let me know how all your dates go."

"Kuririn-san!" Gohan exclaimed with a blush of embarrassment on his face.

Kuririn chuckled at Gohan's expression. "No worries Gohan, I'm just messing with you. See you at the Budokai Gohan!" With that Kuririn went walking away from Gohan and Misa and towards the games section of the festival where he might find Goten and Trunks.

"That was weird," Misa stated aloud once the Kuririn was out of hearing range. Gohan nodded in agreement. Misa then turned to Gohan and smiled. "I wanted to thank you Gohan-kun."

"Thank me for what?" Gohan asked.

"For keeping your promise to me," Misa answered. The purple haired girl then stood on her tiptoes and kissed Gohan on the cheek. The two flushed after that. "I'm sorry...I didn't know what came over me," Misa apologized.

"No, no, it's okay. It's not your fault," Gohan replied with a blush on his face. "It was just that…I was a bit unprepared for that."

"Sorry about that Gohan-kun," Misa said with a bit of sadness of her face.

"It's okay Misa-san," comforted the demi-saiyan. "Next time, just give me a heads up okay?"

Misa blushed at Gohan's Son grin. She gave a nod to the demi-saiyan. "Thank you Gohan-kun. I had a great time today. I hope to see you at the concert," Misa said.

"I'll be there," Gohan said. "I can't wait to see it. Have fun during the festival and I'll see you around."

Misa nodded. "Thank you Gohan-kun," she repeated before running off to find her friends.

Gohan sighed. "That was…interesting," he muttered as he walked to meet up with another one of his appointments on his schedule.



* * *



Later in the day…

"So where are we going again?" Gohan asked the girl beside him. Kazumi was hugging his right arm with closely to her breasts, and Gohan was blushing as he felt her mounds on his arm.

"There is this new camera that just came in today!" she chirped happily. "And I was wondering if you could help me test it out."

"Sure I'll help you out," Gohan said. Why me though, Gohan asked himself.

"Great! Let's get going then!" Kazumi said. When the two reached the store she was looking for, the couple entered the store. Kazumi looked around and found the one she wanted. "It's that one!" Kazumi pointed at a rather small camera and Gohan inspected it. It had all the bells and whistles from what he can tell. All in all it was a really good camera. However, the price though was a different matter.

"200,000 yen!" Gohan shouted. "Kazumi-san, this camera is expensive. How are you going to pay for it?" asked the demi-saiyan.

"I was hoping that you would buy it for me," smiled Kazumi.

"HUH?" Gohan gaped. He was at a loss of words. "Well, I…um, uh…I don't know if I should. That is pretty expensive and…" Gohan saw the red head begin to tear up and turn around.

"F-fine if y-you d-don't w-want to buy it f-for m-me it's o-okay," she stuttered while crying, her back towards him. Gohan groaned, not liking it when people cry especially girls. Knowing this will really bite him in the ass later, Gohan sighed.

"Fine I'll buy it," Gohan grunted with a pout. Immediately Kazumi turned around and hugged him.

"Thank you Gohan-kun!" she shouted. "I'll make sure it's worth your while when you help me practice taking pictures with it!" Gohan bought the camera for her. His partner then proceeded to drag him across campus with a big smile on her face.

Along the way though, Gohan and Kazumi saw a huge crowd congregating near the game section of the MahoraFest. Gohan and Kazumi looked at the sight with curious looks on their faces as they walked up to the spot. Once they arrived, Gohan and Kazumi noticed the large crowd surrounding a particular game. "I wonder what is going on?" Gohan said to no one in particular, but Kazumi responded anyways.

"Why don't we check it out then?" Kazumi said as she grabbed Gohan's hand and pulled him through the crowd, trying to reach to the front. Once they reached the front, Kazumi and Gohan were in for a surprise when the two of them noticed two familiar boys, one with spiky black hair and the other light purple hair, standing before a Hi-Striker used for the Strong Man game. "Goten-chan? Trunks-kun?"

The two young demi-saiyans turned around and when they saw Gohan before them, their faces drew big smiles. "Onii-chan/Gohan-san!" yelled out the two of them. While Goten went to hug his older brother, Trunks spoke up. "What are you doing here Gohan-san?" asked the light purpled haired demi-saiyan.

"Well…" Gohan pondered on what he was going to say, but Goten interrupted his thought process when the younger Son saw Gohan's hand intertwined with Kazumi's hand.

"Are? Nii-chan, why are you holding on to that Nee-san's hand?" Goten asked. Gohan blinked a few times before he realized that he was still holding hands with Kazumi.

"Ah! It's nothing Goten," Gohan said as he let go of Kazumi's hand. "We were just wondering what was going on here and so not to get lost, we grabbed each other 's hand, right Kazumi-san?"

Kazumi smiled. "Right," she said but somehow Gohan was starting to get a nervous sweat as he noticed her strange smile. For some reason, there was ominous aura that was starting to surround Kazumi. Gohan gulped immediately. Kazumi then turned her attention to Goten and Trunks. "So Goten-chan, Trunks-chan, what are you guys doing?"

Trunks and Goten looked at each other as they tried to figure who was going to speak first. "Well…" said both of the boys.

"Hey kid!" a voice shouted. Gohan, Kazumi, Goten and Trunks turned their attention to the direction of the voice who was a rather large male. This man had very large muscles; muscles that you would encounter in the World Strongest's Man tournament. He was tall and was carrying a giant black mallet on his shoulder. The mallet had on an inscription on the side saying '5 tons. But the weirdest part about him was his rather very long nose. "Aren't you going to play?"

"Trunks, what is he talking about?" Gohan asked.

"Well…" Trunks said while he scratched the back of his neck, unsure of what to say. He turned to his partner in crime, Goten. "Goten…"

"Excuse me Nagappana (Long Nose)," Goten said with a dumbfounded face, "what was it again?"

The long nosed man face-faulted as did the surrounding the crowd who were watching the spectacle. "Idiots! Don't you remember? You are supposed to beat the best score from the great Captain Hopp! If not, I will have my 8000 teammates come down and beat you up after what you said to me!"

"Really?" Goten exclaimed with sparkles in his eyes. "That is so cool!"

Gohan and Kazumi blinked a few times, curious as to what Hopp was talking about. "Goten, Trunks, what is this guy talking about?"

"Me and Goten were playing some games you see," explained Trunks with a bit of nervous look on his face. A look on his face showed he had done something bad. "And we saw this game with the mallet. Goten and I played it and we beat the high score easily." Gohan chuckled quietly. "But this liar–"

"Hey don't call me a liar!" shouted Hopp, trying to interrupted Trunks but to no avail as the purple haired demi-saiyan continued talking.

"Told us we cheated and made us try it again with his 5 ton mallet," Trunks finished. "Though, it definitely didn't weight 5 tons that's for sure."

"What are you talking about?" Hopp exclaimed. "Of course it is 5 tons! I wouldn't be the great captain Hopp now would I?"

"More like the great liar Hopp," muttered Trunks.

"Hey I take offense to that!" Hopp shouted, ready to beat the living crap out of the two demi-saiyans but was pulled back his teammates. Trunks turned his head and stuck out his tongue, angering Hopp even more. Gohan palmed himself as he shook his head. If he left this as it was, things were not going to turn out so well especially with Trunks being the son of Vegeta who would completely annihilate everyone here. It was best to intervene then.

"Okay, okay," Gohan spoke, trying to calm down the situation, "I think everyone should calm down a bit. Now I think that we can get this argument decided through a game."

"Huh? A game?" asked everyone.

"Yup," Gohan replied with his Son grin. "Besides, isn't what this whole argument started with? The Strong Man game?"

"That's right!" Hopp said.

"But how are you going to decide the winner Gohan-kun?" asked Kazumi.

"That's easy," Gohan replied. "We will decide the winner by who can hit the bell at the top of the Hi-Striker with the heaviest mallet." Hopp turned wide-eyed. He said what? Hopp started to sweat bullets.

"Wait, I don't think we should do it like that," pleaded Hopp.

"Why not?" Gohan deadpanned. "You are carrying a 5 ton mallet. How hard could this contest be then?"

"Well, I…"

"So let's start then!" Kazumi said with a smile. She grabbed a hold of Gohan's arm and snuggled with it. "So cool of Gohan-kun for coming up with this idea," she whispered into Gohan's ear semi-seductively.

Gohan blushed immediately as he scratched the side of his face with his finger. "I-It was nothing Kazumi-san," he said. Kazumi giggled at Gohan's antics as Trunks, Goten and Hopp stepped right in front of the Hi-Striker to get ready to play the game.

The attendant of the game began his announcement of the rules of the games as stated earlier by Gohan. Trunks and Goten were about to go get a mallet but were stopped when Hopp yelled out, "Hey this isn't fair! There are two of them and one of me!"

Trunks and Goten looked at each other. "Goten, let me play this one," Trunks said as he grabbed a heavy mallet that probably weighted over 100 kgs.

Goten shook his head. "No! You played last time so it's my turn now!" Goten protested. Trunks and Goten glared at each other for a while, almost like they were ready to go and fight all out but thanks to Gohan's timely intervention, that didn't happen.

"Say Goten, Trunks, how about you settle this with a game of Jan-ken?" Gohan asked with his Son grin on his face.

Trunks and Goten gaped as they didn't think about that. "Goten let's do that!"

Goten nodded in agreement. "Mm-mmm. I'm going to win this," Goten said as he and Trunks got into position to play Jan-ken.

"Let's do this!" yelled both in unison. "Jan-ken-pon!" Both of them put out their hands, hoping for their hand to win. However, both of them had chosen rock. Trunks and Goten snarled. "Tie! Go again!" It was rock once again. "Tie! Go again!" It was scissors this time. Goten and Trunks kept on tying each other for a few minutes while some of the crowd sweat-dropped at the sight of two little boys trying to beat a buff adult in a game of the Strongest Man. This kept on going until finally, Trunks won with paper as Goten had chosen rock.

"Yatta! I win!" Trunks yelled happily.

"Awww," pouted Goten. Then he felt a pat on the head and looked up to see that it was Gohan who did it. "Nii-chan…"

"Don't worry about Goten," smiled the older demi-saiyan. "You will get it next time." Goten beamed as he gave a nod to his older brother. All the meanwhile, Kazumi was taking pictures of this moment with her new camera that Gohan had paid for. While she was taking pictures of the boys, she was mostly taking pictures of Gohan and his smiles. Kazumi blushed every time she saw Gohan's grin or smile. It was like he was emanating a sense of peace and happiness. Very pure to say the least.

"Finally," interjected Hopp, "let's get this started!" He picked up his 5 ton mallet and stood in front of the Hi-Strikers. He lifted the mallet with such force and yell that crowd stood in awe as Hopp pounded the lever into the ground. "Hopp Hammer!" The ball went up and hit the bell directly which caused the crowd to go a bit wild, mostly coming from Hopp's camp. "Beat that punk," Hopp said as he laid down the mallet and walked over to his buddies, passing by the scowling Trunks.

Trunks went ahead and picked up the mallet like it was nothing. Hopp snickered when he saw Trunks picked it up. He must have noticed it, Hopp said to himself, but he won't be able to get that high score with a puny strength that he has. Trunks tossed around the mallet, drawing awe from the crowd. A grin appeared on his face as he lifted the mallet and smashed it into pieces against the ground. Everyone, except for Gohan and Goten, had turned wide-eyed at the sight especially Hopp. His mouth was gaping open.

"Tsk, man that was light," Trunks muttered. He turned to the attendant and asked, "Hey mister, do you have something heavier?"

The attendant blinked a few times. "H-Heavier?"

"Yeah," Trunks responded. "You have to have something."

The attendant pondered a bit, trying to see if he had something heavier. Based on what he saw, that '5 ton' mallet maybe didn't weight 5 tons. A small kid was able to break it. But nonetheless, he had to do something to get this crowd away from his game so he could get more customers. Then it hit him. He took his capsule pouch and looked for the Hoi Poi labeled #15. With one click, he threw towards the ground. A large poof of smoke appeared and once the smoke disappeared, a giant mallet appeared before everyone. A nervous sweat went down the side of Hopp's face, anxious to see if this mallet was the real deal. The attendant went over to the mallet to check to see if he had taken out the right one as he tried to lift it up. He smiled and motioned to the purple haired demi-saiyan. "Why don't you try to pick this one up?" he asked.

Trunks shrugged and went over to the mallet. As he was walking, Hopp slid towards the attendant and asked him. "Hey, how much does that mallet weigh?"

The attendant smiled. "About 8 tons," he said, drawing a gasp from the crowd.

"8 tons!" shouted the crowd.

"There is no way he can lift that up!"

"He is just a kid!"

"That is too much for him!"

"He could get hurt!"

Kazumi was getting worried as well. Even though she knew that Gohan and his friends were strong, perhaps that much weight would be too much for the little demi-saiyan. "Gohan-kun, is Trunks-kun going to be all right?" she asked. She was about to say some more but she noticed a smile on Gohan's face that drew a confused look on hers and made her stop speaking.

Gohan spoke. "Trunks will be fine," Gohan said. "If he had a problem with that weight, Vegeta-san would be mad."

"Vegeta-san?"

"Yup, Trunks's father," Gohan replied. "I know for a fact that Trunks should have no problem with this." And that he did. Trunks put his hand on the handle of the mallet and lifted it up with ease, causing everyone's face to gasp at the sight.

"Tsk, this will be too easy," Trunks muttered as he moved around the mallet like it had weighted only 2 pounds. He lifted the mallet with his one hand and smashed it on the target, causing the bell to be rung loudly. The crowd was in awe. Their eyes were popping out of their sockets at the sight. They couldn't believe that a little boy was able to lift up such a heavy weight.

Meanwhile, Hopp was sweating bullets. He was going to have to do something drastic. Then an idea hit him like lightning as he searched in his side pouch for a special item while the crowd watched Trunks celebrate his success in a cool way and having Goten jumping up and down. The people of the crowd looked at each other and all of them agreed: Trunks had won this competition. Unless someone had something to say about it. "Hold on a minute!" The crowd turned around to see Hopp holding a mallet over his shoulder and this time, the inscription on the side said 10 tons! "I still have one turn to go don't I?"

The crowd murmured between themselves, curious as to how someone could lift a 10 ton mallet with such ease. Maybe it was because of Hopp's muscles but who knows. Trunks smirked. "Sure, go right ahead," the purple haired demi-saiyan said coolly. Hopp flinched as he was taken aback by the kid's reaction. However, Hopp knew that he needed to keep his cool or else, his scheme will be noticed by everyone.

Hopp walked up to the Hi-Striker, lifted the mallet and hit the target. "Hopp Hammer!" The bell was rung as he walked away with the crowd in awe at the sight. Hopp let out a smile on his face as the crowd applauded the buffed man. He looked back at the Trunks and smirked at the boy, taunting him. Trunks didn't mind it as he walked up to Hopp and asked, "Hey can I use that mallet?"

"Huh?"

"I want to use that same mallet that you used," Trunks said tauntingly. "I highly doubt that there is a heavier one than yours so if I can't lift it, then you win."

"I see," Hopp said nervously. He started to freak out a bit, fearing that Trunks knew about his scheme. However, since the crowd was anxious in watching this, Hopp had no choice but to give the mallet to the kid. "Here you go," Hopp said as he handed the mallet to Trunks.

Trunks then proceeded to inspect the mallet, especially the metal part itself. Trunks let out a smirk as he realized the contraption involved in the mallet. "Very interesting," Trunks muttered which made Hopp sweat even more. Trunks then walked closely to Hopp and whispered. "Hey, later can you show me the blueprints?" Trunks asked. "I could make the design even better."

"Better?" replied Hopp. "What do you mean better?"

"Well," Trunks said as he walked over to the Hi-Striker, twirling around the mallet like it was nothing, "this mallet has some serious flaws in it. For example…" With a quick strike, Trunks hit the target directly which caused the bell to ring. However, because of the force behind the strike was high, the mallet was completely destroyed as the head exploded like a balloon. The crowd gaped at the sight, eyes popping out of their sockets. Hopp was no exception either. His jaw was so wide open that it had fallen straight to the ground. Trunks brushed by the shocked buffed man but did say something as he passed by Hopp. "Try to make the head something other than a balloon. Otherwise, you will have to build a new one from scratch," explained Trunks. "And also…your lies really suck."

Hopp turned around and saw Trunks walking back to Gohan, Goten and Kazumi. He waved at the buffed man. Tears started to come out from Hopp's eyes. He bowed slightly towards Trunks, thanking him for the advice (not the lying part though). With that, he collected his teammates and left the game area. The attendant let out a sigh of relief as now he can get business as usual.

Meanwhile, Trunks approached the group that included Goten, Gohan and Kazumi, congratulated by everyone there. As Goten congratulated the purple haired demi-saiyan, Gohan smiled at the sight while Kazumi took out her new camera and took pictures of the demi-saiyans. The three boys posed for some of the pictures once they noticed Kazumi taking the pictures. During the photo shoot, Trunks and Goten had gotten into a variety of funny poses as did Gohan as he tried to imitate some his Saiyaman poses for the camera. Each of one of them laughed at each other's antics.

After a few minutes of shooting pictures, Gohan noticed the time. It was time for him to go. Goten was sad in seeing his older brother leave but his teary face quickly disappeared when Trunks mentioned about more games to play. Goten turned to his older brother and asked, "Nii-chan, why don't you come with us and play?"

"I can't Goten," Gohan replied with a Son grin. "I have a later appointment that I need to go to."

"Awww," pouted Goten. However, his pouting stopped when Gohan placed his hand on Goten's head.

"Don't worry," Gohan said, "we'll get to play later okay?"

"Promise Nii-chan?"

"Promise."

"What about me Gohan-san?" asked Trunks.

"You too Trunks," Gohan said happily. Then suddenly, Gohan felt a peck on his cheek. He turned his head to see Kazumi giving him a kiss on the cheek. Gohan blushed immediately, putting his hand on the kissed cheek. "K-K-Kazumi-san!" stuttered the demi-saiyan.

Trunks and Goten looked dumbfounded at the sight while Kazumi blushed a bit. "Sorry about that Gohan-kun," Kazumi said with a smile. "I just wanted to do that as a reward for our date." She walked away a bit and turned around a bright smile on her face that even brought an even deeper blush on Gohan's face. "Take care." With that, she waved goodbye at the boys and was off.

Trunks and Goten waved goodbye at Kazumi's disappearing figure while Gohan was left shocked by the kiss. He touched the cheek were Kazumi laid her lips on. Goten was about to ask his older brother what was wrong, but was stopped by Trunks when he said that they leave Gohan for a moment. With that, the two boys said their goodbyes to Gohan and were off, Gohan waving goodbye to the two young demi-saiyans. However, he was still in shock. First Misa and now Kazumi! What's going to happen next?



* * *



Later in the day…

Gohan was seating patiently at one of the many Starbooks Coffee shops that was in Mahora. He looked at his watch and let out a sigh. "Man, where is she?" Gohan asked no one in particular. He was waiting for Haruna to show up for their appointment. After the last time they went out, Haruna had told Gohan about a costume contest. It was basically a 'cosplay' convention. Gohan was very excited in going there, especially after having been taught a lot about manga thanks to Haruna's excellent tutelage.

He looked at his watch once again. Unlike last time he met with Haruna, Gohan had arrived ten minutes early than the appointed time. However, ten minutes had passed since the appointed time and still no sign of Haruna. Gohan let out a sigh. He started to get a bit worried since in most of the 'dates' that he had been on, the girl would usually be here on time, panting, sweating or even waiting even earlier than he was.

He went for his pocket and took out his cell phone. He just recently bought this just to have in case of emergencies, especially if a student is in trouble. With Negi and his group though, he had the special calling card of focusing their ki so he can locate them easily.

He turned on his phone and unlocked it. He checked his inbox to see if any messages were received. There was nothing. Gohan started to get a bit more worried. Maybe something happened to her? Gohan asked to himself, worried about Haruna. However, right then and there, the phone rang catching Gohan by surprise. He juggled the phone until he finally caught it and held it in his hand firmly. "Hello?" Gohan answered.

"Gohan-kun, it's me Paru," said a voice in the speaker. Gohan chuckled. Haruna would sometimes call herself Paru or even Paru-sama. It was kind of cute in a way.

"Where are you Haruna-san? Are you all right?" Gohan asked worriedly.

"I'm okay Gohan-kun," replied Haruna. "I can't make it."

"Huh? What do you mean?"

"I can't make it the costume convention. You are going to have to go without me."

"What happened Haruna-san? You were very excited in going."

"I know, but business at the stand has been hectic and I doubt that I will be able to get away. I am very sorry Gohan-kun."

"No worries Haruna-san. Just be sure to do an excellent job today," Gohan said.

"Thanks Gohan-kun. I promise I'll make it up to you."

"Okay Haruna-san, its promise. Have fun today okay and I'll see you around. Bye!"

"Bye Gohan-kun!" With that the phone conversation had ended after Gohan pressed the end button.

He let out a sigh. He was really looking forward to this costume convention thing with Haruna, especially when he had gotten his costume all set up. He looked at the backpack next to his seat and let out a smile. "Well, it can't hurt to go," Gohan said. "Might as well go and enjoy it. Maybe I'll see someone familiar there."



* * *



A few minutes later, Gohan now stood in a hall full of other people in costume in one of the academy's libraries. Though there was not as many students he thought, but all of them seemed to be enjoying. Gohan awed at the scene. This was incredible. He decided to look around to see what costumes people were going to wear. While looking around, he saw an interesting amount of various other costumes. There were Super Sentai, Kamen Rider, Final Fantasy, Bleach and various other costumes from other manga's, game's and stories.

As he continued to walk he heard some shouting from one of the many halls that sounded very familiar to him. "What are you doing here?" he heard Chisame shouting. Following the voice he ended up bumping into Negi and Kotarou, dressed up as a vampire and a werewolf respectively.

"Huh? Negi-san, Kotarou-san?" Gohan asked getting the attention of the two boys. "What are you doing here?"

"Gohan-san!" Negi said.

The girls, who included Chisame, Ayaka and Makie, all turned their heads around to see Gohan before them, holding a black backpack on his shoulder. "Gohan-sensei!" all three girls shouted, surprised to see another one of their teachers here.

"What are you doing here?" Ayaka asked.

Gohan was about to ask, but was interrupted when Chisame pulled him to a secluded section of the library and away from Negi and the group. "C-Chisame-san, what's going on?"

"I was about to ask you the same question Gohan-sensei!" Chisame replied. "How do you know about this place? It's not even on the official program guide!"

"Well, Haruna-san was the one who told me about it," Gohan responded with his usual Son grin, causing Chisame to blush a bit. But of course, Chisame said to herself. Only a few people know about this event and that Haruna is one of them. Chisame was about to say something but Gohan continued, "Now that I think about it, you had mentioned about this even on your homepage as well."

Chisame gaped. "NYAH? How do you know about my homepage?" she asked, trembling a bit in fear.

"Oh!" Gohan said while scratching the back of his head, "well, Negi-san told me about your homepage a few days ago and I have been checking 'Chiu's homepage' every day."

"And since when are you interested in people's homepages, huh?" Chisame asked while grabbing Gohan's collar. Gohan maintained his Son grin on his face at the face of this adversity.

"But, of course I'm interested! After all you are one of my students," Gohan said and with that Chisame let go of his collar. She went to a corner, a gloomy aura surrounding her, muttering that her life was now ruined. Gohan walked up to Chisame and asked, "So are you in this costume contest that they are talking about?"

"Eh?"

"When I came in, they said that they were holding a costume contest," Gohan said. "So I thought that maybe Chisame-san had entered since you like cosplaying."

"I am not entering," Chisame said which drew a bit of confused look on Gohan's face.

"How come Chisame-san?" Gohan asked.

"Because I am not interested in some stupid contest, okay?" Chisame screamed. Man, he is really getting on my nerves! Chisame said to herself.

"Okay, okay," Gohan said calmly. "Anyways, where are Negi-san and the others?"

"Gohan-san!" shouted a voice. Gohan turned around to see Negi, Kotarou, Ayaka and Makie walking towards them. "There you are. I was looking for you all over. Are you all right?"

"It's okay Negi-san," Gohan answered with a smile on his face. "Me and Chisame-san were just having a conversation. But I must say, what are you guys doing here?"

"Kotarou-kun and I are here to watch the costume contest," Negi said.

"While Makie-san and I signed up as well as Chisame-san," Ayaka continued.

"That's great!" Gohan said happily. "Isn't it Chisame-san?"

"Sure, whatever," Chisame muttered.

"By the way girls, where did you get the costumes?" Gohan asked.

"Oh these," Ayaka said showing off her costume of a nurse while Makie was dressed in a cat-eared gym clothes costume. "We stopped by a costume rental shop and picked these out."

"That's cool," Gohan said with a Son grin across his face. Chisame's meanwhile was different. Her face was full of irk, clenching her teeth. Tch! Stinking amateurs, Chisame said to herself. You can't just put any old thing on and call it a costume! This cosplay is about characters! The only ones who'd like those costumes are dirty old men! Pathetic!

"Then shall we?" Ayaka said as she and Makie started to walk ahead, only to be stopped by Chisame's voice.

"Now wait just a minute!" shouted Chisame. "I will not let you embarrass yourselves like that, do you hear? Come here both of you!" Ayaka and Makie blinked a few times and looked at each other, curious as to why Chisame was taking such an interest in them when she hardly ever spoke to them. "Even for cosplay, we're gonna to go hardcore on this one."

"Hardwhat…?" asked Makie.

"Look," Chisame said, "I'll just loan you something of mine!"

"Um…Thanks Chisame-san," responded Ayaka.

"If you don't try and win, you may as well not bother," Chisame commented. "And it's not as though we have nothing to work with." Ayaka and Makie nodded, thanking Chisame for this.

A few minutes later, the girls were done changing. The three boys then looked at the three girls. Ayaka and Makie were now in sailor suits, although Makie had bunny ears and tail, while Ayaka had the same with cat ears and tails doing a fanservice pose. Gohan blushed at the sight but smile at the scene as he noticed that Chisame was having a bit of fun dressing up Ayaka and Makie. He walked over to her and said, "I must say, you've surprised me. You're normally so terse and uncommunicative, it's just not like you to help out."

"I didn't ask to," muttered Chisame.

"But I am curious though Chisame-san, why aren't you going out there?" Gohan asked. "Isn't this your speciality?"

"B-Because I'm not, and you can't force me!" protested Chisame.

Gohan let out a smile. "I think you want to, but you just won't admit it."

"Sensei, will you drop it, already?" Chisame berated.

Gohan blinked a few times. "Why? Your costume is cute and you look nice in it. Why waste it?" he asked.

"You don't get it, do you Gohan-sensei?" Chisame said. "Sure, the 'Chiu' persona may be 'cute' and all, but I'm not like Makie-san and Iincho. I don't have their skin, their face, their style. They're natural beauties – something I'll never be. By myself, I'm nothing more than your run-of-the-mill junior high-school student." Chisame let out a sigh, her face dejected. "I know what will happen. Why should I bother? Go out there and take a risk like that? No thanks." Gohan chuckled, causing Chisame to look at him with ire. "What's so funny?"

"Nothing," Gohan replied, "I just think that you look awfully pretty in the photos that are on your website, Chisame-san."

Chisame blushed at Gohan's smile. She shook her head to get rid of her blush. "Sensei, why do you care? I mean you have girls who are more interesting than me. Why take the time to see me?"

"Because…" responded Gohan, "I figured, as your assistant teacher and friend, I should take an interest in the hobbies of my students. After all, I don't know much about society and all of this fascinates me. But also, I'm a 'Chiu'-san fan, or should I say, a Chisame-san fan. I thought it would be nice to see you in an actual contest, is all. After all, you are pretty cute yourself." Chisame blushed at the compliment. The two spent a quiet moment just looking at each other for some unknown reason. It was all interrupted when the announcer spoke into the mic.

"And the next contestant is Son Gohan!" Gohan's head whipped directly to the stage with such as speed, that Chisame was surprised he didn't get whiplash.

"Who put me on that list?" Gohan asked. He was then dragged onto the stage and thrown out onto the stage, still in his normal clothes and the backpack carried on his shoulder. Chisame ran up to the side of the stage, and stood next to Negi and the other girls after the two went up.

"Do you know what's going on?" Chisame asked Negi.

"I don't know, apparently Gohan-san didn't know anything about this either," the 10 year old replied. Up on stage Gohan was sweating bullets, trying to figure out what to do.

Crap! Crap! Crap! Crap! I didn't even get changed! How am I going to do this? Gohan thought as his mind began thinking at a fast pace at what to do as over a hundred eyes stared at him with anticipation. Then it suddenly hit him as he remembered something that he had in his backpack. Thank you Kaede-san for this, Gohan said to himself as he threw at the ground a smoke bomb. A small explosion occurred at the stage, causing everyone to cover up their eyes. In a quick movement, Gohan took out his costume from his backpack and changed in lightning speed.

Some people started to protest because of the smoke, saying that it was getting in their eyes and so on. However, the people that stood before the stage noticed a shadow figure in the smoke. Then they noticed the figure quickly moved down his arms, causing the smoke to disappear. They could have sworn that they saw a golden aura surrounding the figure.

The smoke began to disappear into the wind, revealing someone. This person wore an orange tracksuit with black on the upper shoulders area as well as up and down the front and extending from the upper shoulders area to the sleeves. There was also a white swirl with a tassel on the left side and a red swirl on the back of the shirt. He wore orange pants, black sandals, and a black forehead protector that bore a symbol around his head.

Though the costume was impressive enough, the people were in awe at something else. This figure had spiky blonde hair, with his eyebrows dyed blonde as well. Negi and Kotarou immediately recognized who it was. It was Son Gohan! He had transformed into a Super Saiyan! Gohan opened his eyes to reveal their jade color, which caused Chisame to blush a bit. A grin appeared on Gohan's face and did a trademark pose of a special character. "Listen up! My name is Uzamaki Naruto and I am going to be Hokage someday! Believe it!"

The library was silent. Gohan started to sweat nervously, hoping that he got the character right. Then suddenly, the crowd went wild with applause. There were some cheers and screams. Some that included these:

"That's awesome!"

"So cool!"

"Marry me!"

And with that Gohan took a bow and went off the stage towards where Negi and the group were. He was about to go back to his normal state but stopped when he heard Negi's voice screaming behind. "Gohan-san!"

Gohan turned around and waved at the approaching group, cursing a bit his luck. "Hey guys! What did you think?"

"That was incredible Gohan-san!" Negi awed.

"Yeah, especially how you dyed your hair blonde so quickly," Makie added. "How did you do it?"

Gohan flinched as he started sweating bullets. "I-I-I…uh, um…trade secret?"

Makie and Ayaka stared at the demi-saiyan for a while, curious as to how Gohan had changed his hair so quickly. Then Makie let out a smile. "Okay!" Ayaka nodded in agreement.

Gohan let out a sigh of relief. Thanks goodness, he said to himself. He then turned to Chisame whom he noticed to have a bright blush on her face and was avoiding his gaze. He was curious as to why though.

Chisame was cursing at herself. She didn't notice it at first but when she walked up to Gohan, his blonde hair and eyebrows weren't the only thing that was different about him. She noticed that his figure was different as well. It seemed buffier than before. She was curious as to what Gohan looked undernea…No! screamed Chisame in her head. She shook her head to get rid of those thoughts. However, she was curious as to how Gohan was able to change so quickly. But before she could ask anything, she heard her name being called.

Gohan and the group heard Chisame's name being called as well. Then he saw Chisame, much like himself, be forced on stage. Chisame was wearing an all-black sailor suit, compared to the white ones that Ayaka and Makie wore. One her back were red devil wings, with small red devil horns on her head. She also wore black stockings as well as a devil tail. Safe to say Gohan found her even more stunning than before. Sadly, she began to tear up and fall to her knees continuously repeating "I'm sorry" to the crowd. He saw the crowd start to whisper at the display and nearly growled. He then cupped his mouth with his hands and shouted, "SHE'S SO CUTE!" from his spot.

Everyone began to agree with him and chanted how cute she was after that. Gohan's and Chisame's eyes momentarily met, and hers turned a bright crimson but she continued to smile. She was announced the winner and she seemed happy. Though even that came to a screeching halt when Negi and Kotarou pulled on a string that was attached to her clothing and made it fall apart, leaving her only in her her stockings, black thong, and matching strapless bra. She had promptly fallen to the floor and began to cry again. Gohan sighed and he appeared next to her dropping the coat of his costume on her, before taking her out of the room.

"You should know better to not wear defective clothes Chisame-san," Gohan told the girl as he was walking her back towards her dorm to get more clothes. All the while he was wearing a black shirt that an orange swirl in the middle. He still had his orange pants while Chisame was wearing his orange jacket, and everyone was staring at the odd couple.

"Well I wouldn't have had to if those two didn't force me on to the stage," Chisame retorted as she fixed her glasses. Gohan chuckled in response.

"I'm glad you had fun though."

"Who said I had fun?" Gohan gave her a disbelieving look and she huffed. "Fine I had fun happy?"

"Of course I mean you were enjoying yourself no? Besides I thought you looked great," Gohan replied as they reached her dorms. They stopped in front of her dorm and they stood there not saying anything. All of a sudden Gohan felt Chisame give him a quick peck on the cheek before going inside her dorm. Gohan stood shocked, mouth gaping a bit from what just happened.

Chisame opened the door a crack and looked him in the eye before speaking. "Thanks...for supporting me. Goodnight sensei and promise to tell no one about this." She then closed the door, leaving a confused Gohan at her doorstep.

Gohan turned around and headed back to the Starbooks Coffee where everyone was celebrating the first day party. He ruffled around his hair, wondering on what was going, especially of all these girls giving kisses to him. He let out a sigh, causing him to render himself back to his normal state with his black, but still spikey, hair. It must be the World Tree's magic, Gohan said to himself. I better be careful.



* * *



Author's note: Hey everybody! Hope you guys enjoyed the chapters. Sorry that the fights didn't occur in this chapter but a lot of stuff happened with Gohan and the girls that will affect later chapters. I really enjoyed writing these scenes, especially the Hopp scene and the costume scene. I had planned having Gohan dress up as Naruto from the beginning. By the way, there are two anime/manga references in this chapter. If you can find it, you get a special prize! But it has to be specific and it must be said in the review section.

Well, gotta go and work. See you guys around! Peace!





*Chapter 25*: Heroes of the Ages Assemble!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. See Chapter 1 for details.

Author's note: Hey everybody! How is everyone doing? Hope everything is okay with you guys. Work has been extremely busy with me but I love it! The kids are awesome and cute too! Hehehe. Although, some of them, I believe, are the actual spawn of Satan. Grrr! Don't worry though. The classes have been well under control. You have no idea how the game of soccer has been integrated in the lives of little Japanese children.

Anyways, many people have tried to guess what were the anime/manga references that I posted in the previous chapter. Mostly everyone got the Hopp and Naruto part. I was trying to combine the wrestler Hulk Hogan and Usopp from One Piece together but Hopp seemed to have more of Usopp's personality and just Hogan's muscles than both personalities combined. There was one reference that I am not surprised not a lot of people got. When Misa and Gohan go see the movie, the plot line of that said movie was taken a manga called Ichigo 100%. If you read the manga, then you know what I am talking about. Hope that helps out everyone. Nice try everyone! Oh and to SonicAnime2010, I have heard of "Lyrical Nanoha." I have been planning to watch it for some time and I will try to do so in the future.

I want to thank naioka1992 for beta-reading this chapter! She has been awesome! So let me present you guys out there reading Chapter 25 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 25: Heroes of the Ages Assemble! The Mahora Budokai Begins!

Inside the resort of Eva's, Gohan and Negi were soundly asleep against the crashing of the waves. Both of them started to get up as they heard girls playing in the background, boys snickering to each other as they had done something devious and another voice of man eating a large amount of food. Negi and Gohan walked out of the room and saw mostly everyone before them. Asuna, Konoka, and Setsuna were playing on the beach while Trunks and Goten were covering up a sleeping Vegeta with sand. Goku was near the girls and Vegeta, eating a large stack of food that he had brought along. Piccolo was meditating and floating underneath the shadows of the palm trees. Kotarou was staring at the sea. "Good morning!" the duo greeted everyone.

"Good morning!" everyone said.

"Negi! You're awake!" said the hanyou.

"Onii-chan!" Goten hugged Gohan as he lifted the young demi-saiyan in the air like a plane. Piccolo cracked open one of his eyes and gave a smile towards Gohan. Gohan knew that it meant 'good morning' coming from Piccolo.

"Hey Gohan, want some breakfast?" Goku asked.

"Sure Dad," Gohan said as he walked over to where his dad was. "I'm starving!" Gohan grabbed the nearest food and started to eat, causing Konoka to giggle.

"They look so cute together," Konoka said.

"Like father like son I guess," added Setsuna.

"It is nice that we can all rest here though," Asuna said. "Especially since we were forced to go with everyone to the middle-of-the-night festival and the whole thing dragged on until 4 in the morning. We were just thinking about how we'll manage the second day with no sleep but this thing really saved us," explained Asuna.

"Thanks to this resort, one hour gets stretched into a whole day. We're the only ones that have the whole day to spend until the tournament," Kotarou added. "Which reminds me – just how often have you been coming in here anyway Negi?"

"Y-You think?" Negi said nonchalantly. "H-How could I've kept up with my teaching duties, though, if I hadn't?" Kotarou growled at Negi causing everyone to get a good laugh.

The girls went back to playing while Vegeta woke up from his sleep and was pissed that he was covered in sand. As he chased the two boys around the resort, Kotarou turned to Gohan since he had finished eating breakfast. "Are you sure they shouldn't be getting ready for the tournament Gohan-nii-san? They are participating like us," Kotaro questioned as Gohan shook his head.

"I'm sure they'll do fine," Gohan answered.

"Hey guys," Goku said catching the attention of both Gohan and Kotarou. "Do you want to practice a bit before tomorrow's tournament?"

"Sure thing Dad," Gohan replied.

"Yeah good idea, you ready Negi?" yelled Kotarou.

"Yes," Negi said, activating the Cantus Bellax spell without any incantations. This drew an impressed look from Gohan.

"Hooo, he can do it without reciting the words now," observed Gohan.

"Ahh because spells without incantations seem to be basic for a magic fighter," noted Chamo. Gohan was impressed at Negi's progress. Ever since their spar, Negi had been going overtime on his training and thus had been getting stronger since then. The whole kissing incident proved that. Gohan couldn't wait to match with him during the tournament and so did Goku.

"Without incantation, it looks almost no different from a concentration of Ki," Kotarou said.

"Most likely because it is similar in origin Kotarou-san," added Gohan. "From what I understand and based on research as well, Magic power and Ki refer to energies that reside inside an infinite variety of living organisms, but magic power is the spiritual power to collect the natural energies that is full in the atmosphere and bringing it under the control of one's own body. On the other hand Ki is the internal burning of one's own energy that resides within everyone. This is the reason why magic power is referred to as spirit power and Ki as physical power," explained the young scholar-in-training.

"So Negi how long can you hold that for?" Kotaro asked his friend.

"I can go thirty minutes, easy," Negi responded.

"That long, huh?" Kotarou said. "Then the tournament should be no problem." Kotarou then heard Piccolo snicker. "What green man?"

"Don't be so quick to presume things Kotarou," Piccolo said, opening one of his eyes as he talked.

Negi nervously laughed. "Piccolo-san's right though. I can barely go five minutes if I'm fighting all-out against the masters including Gohan-san."

"What? Wasn't that your full power yet?" Kotaro asked.

Negi shook his head. "Not at all! But that doesn't mean I should stop," he said. He turned around towards the sea and mentally chanted 'Sagitta Magica, Series Lucis. Nine orbs or light surrounded him then shot out towards the open sea.

"Oh a bunch came out even without incantations," Kotarou said, impressed at Negi's skill.

"The most is 9 shots but it's more than 1 shot, it's necessary to go from only a few seconds to a charge up period of more than 10 seconds," Chamo explained.

Kotarou then took this opportunity to challenge Negi as the two of compared their attack on the sea as Gohan stood back from them, watching with a smile on his face. "They're getting better every day aren't they?" Goku said as he walked up next to Gohan.

"Yeah it's surprising that he progresses so fast in his training but his opponent tomorrow is Takamichi-san," Gohan said with a worried face. "He's got his work cut out for him that's for sure." Gohan looked down, a bit dejected until he felt a pat on his shoulder. He turned his head to see Goku smiling before him.

"I'm sure he will do fine," Goku said with a Son grin on his face. "Negi has a lot of potential. I think he can win against that dude."

"Takamichi-san, Dad," Gohan corrected.

"But you know Negi, no matter how much power you have if you can't make contact with your enemy then there's no meaning right?" Kotarou said as Negi pushed his fingers together.

"That's true; even now my physical techniques are still no match at all for Ku-sensei or master or even Gohan-san's."

Seeing a chance to one-up him Kotarou made clones of himself. "Ha, can you do kage bunshins, Negi?"

"You know I can't do that Eastern-mysticism stuff!"

"Well then can you do Shundo?" Kotarou asked.

"Shundo?" Negi said.

"Like this. You concentrate Ki into your feet. Though for you it's magic power," he explained as he appeared at the opposite side of the beach in an instant. Negi then began practicing but it was pretty rough for him. But still he kept going at it.

Gohan and Goku chuckled a bit until they were interrupted by Vegeta, who was carrying two unconscious demi-saiyans that had swirls in their eyes. "Kakarotto, we should get going."

"You're right Vegeta. We should get going," Goku said as sparkles started to appear in his eyes. "I want to see all the strong fighters there!"

Gohan smiled. "Hey you guys!" called Gohan, catching everyone's attention. "We are going to head up! We'll see you there okay?"

Everyone nodded. "Sure thing Gohan-san," Negi said as he clenched his fist. I should take this time to practice and get stronger, Negi said to himself. I am going to win against Takamichi and Gohan-san. With that, Gohan and his friends left the resort, leaving behind Negi and his group to prepare for the Budokai.



* * *



Outside in the real world…

The air was full of excitement as the many spectators were all traveling towards the Tatsumiya Shrine, for the Martial Arts tournament. Kids were telling their parents to hurry up so they can go watch the fights and get tickets, fighting clubs were rushing towards the site to watch and maybe gain new senseis to teach them fight. All the while most of the class of 3-A were stuck at the Haunted House working. "That's not fair!" Ayaka shouted as she paced around the room. "I finally got a ticket but I can't go!"

"That's for you to say," Yuna muttered. "I wanted to go too and see Gohan-kun fight but they ran out of tickets." She sighed. "Oh well, maybe somehow we will be able to see it soon."



* * *



Meanwhile…

Negi, Kotarou, Asuna and Setsuna all entered contestant preparation room all at the same time. As they entered they saw that everyone was already there. Standing together in right in front of the door were Ku and Kaede. Ku Fei was still wearing her Chinese dress, though the sides of this one stopped at her thighs. Kaede was wearing the same tux she wore when the class had set up the maid cafe. "Good morning everyone," saluted Negi as Ku and Kaede greeted their teacher. As soon as they entered the room, another door opened. Everyone turned their attention to the door to see a group of fighters come in. Negi, Asuna, Kotarou and Setsuna immediately recognized who they were. It was Gohan and his friends!

However, some of them were dressed differently. Vegeta wasn't wearing his Saiyan battle armor but rather the same clothes that he wore during the fight against Hildegarn. Goku, Trunks and Piccolo were wearing the same clothes as before, while Goten and Gohan had changed clothes. They were using the same clothes as they wore during the battle against Hildegarn with Gohan dressed exactly the same as Goku in the Kame uniform of orange and blue. "Gohan-san!" greeted Negi.

Gohan waved at the boy teacher with a smile. "Good morning Negi-san! Good morning everyone!"

"Yo!" greeted Goku. Both groups greeted each other and began to talk to each other. As the group started to mingle with each other a bit, Negi walked over to Gohan. "Gohan-san?" Negi asked catching the attention of the demi-saiyan. "Why are you wearing those clothes? I thought you were going to wear your usual blue dogi."

"I actually thought about that," Gohan replied. "However, when my Dad was young, he would participate in the Tenkaichi Budokai wearing these colors of the Kame school of martial arts in order to hone his skills. So, since I am entering, I thought that I would enter with the same colors to hone my skills as well."

"Wow," awed Negi. "You must really look up to Goku-san."

"Sure do," responded the demi-saiyan. "I'm sure that's the reason why you are wearing the same clothes that your father wore too."

Negi flinched. "H-How did you know?"

Gohan grinned. "Don't worry about it Negi-san. I looked up some information on the Thousand Master in order to better understand him. There is so much stuff about him. I have to thank Takamichi-san. He was one that he told me about him the most."

"Why thank you Gohan-kun," thanked Takamichi, catching the group by surprise. He turned his head towards Negi and his group. "Good morning Negi-kun," Takamichi said. Setsuna, Kotarou and Negi just nodded at him, while Asuna was blushing and bowing her head.

"Good Morning!" she nearly shouted. Takamichi smiled at her and she blushed even more; however, something inside her was shouting that she was betraying Gohan. This made her frown but she beat down the thought.

Takamichi then noticed Goku, who stood behind Gohan. He walked over to the Saiyan and shook his hand. "You must be Son Goku," Takamichi said. "I heard a great deal about you. You must be proud of your son teaching at this institution."

"Well…" Goku trailed. "I would say Chichi would be the proudest but I'm happy as long as Gohan is happy."

Takamichi smiled. "That's a father for you."

Goku grinned at the compliment. He turned to the others and asked, "Yo, you guys ready for this?"

"Of course we are," Kotarou smirked. The two girls nodded in agreement, while Vegeta simply smirked at Goku.

"Of course Kakarotto," Vegeta said. "Today is the day that I will finally beat you."

Goku grinned at his rival. "I wouldn't be too sure of that Vegeta." He then turned to Gohan and Negi and asked them the same question as before. "You ready?" Gohan nodded, while Negi put on a determined face.

"That's right I'm ready," Negi answered. He looked towards Takamichi and said, "...Takamichi I'm going to try my best today, because I'm not going to lose to my father. So let's not hold back." The red head's voice was so full of determination, it had Gohan smirking.

"Hehehe, Negi-kun has become a young man, but that's not something to get worked up over for. I mean you are you and your father is your father." Takamichi then leaned down and whispered, "But I think we should hold back just a little. If we go all out and our magic gets exposed, it'd be problematic ne?"

"Takamichi is right Negi-san," Gohan blurted in. "Things will get bad if we do expose things like that out into the open. Which, by the way, Dad and Vegeta-san," Gohan said as he turned his attention at Goku and Vegeta, "…please don't destroy the stage."

"Whatever, brat," Vegeta mused. Goku simply nodded.

Takamichi then walked up to Asuna and said, "Asuna-kun..."

"Yes, Takahata-sensei?" the girl asked hopefully.

"I know it may be a little early but I think we need to talk about something," Takamichi told her in a firm yet kind tone. This had Gohan quirking and eyebrow but no one could see it.

"Good morning contestants!" a Kazumi's voice rang out through the speakers of the room. All the contestants looked towards the front of the room, where she and Chao were standing along with the board of who is fighting who. They were currently wearing the same things from last night, though they were in different colors. Where Kazumi's was white, it was now black and Chao's was white instead of red.

"Welcome and thanks for gathering! Thirty minutes from now, the first match will start! Let me explain the rules for this round. This will take place in a 15 m by 15 m arena, and each battle will take place in an allotted time of 15 minutes. Get knocked down for ten seconds, be out of the ring, lose consciousness, cry or give up and the match goes to the opponent. In the event of overtime, the winner will be decided via viewer e-mail. Furthermore, the same rules about yesterday's matches apply as well."



* * *



Outside of the tournament grounds

"What am I doing here again?" Chisame asked herself, as she stood front row to for the tournament. "Oh yeah, Negi-sensei and Gohan-sensei invited me to go. At least this is better than working at the stupid haunted house."

At another part of the shrine stood the library club who were still decked out for the haunted house. "I wonder if Negi-kun is going to be okay? I mean there are so many adults in this too," Haruna stated to both Yue and Nodoka. "And what about Gohan-kun? There are some pretty tough opponents out there."

"Don't worry Haruna. Negi-sensei and Gohan-sensei are very strong, so it's ok. Right, Yue?" Nodoka asked her best friend. Yue seemed to be broken out of her thoughts as she stuttered.

"Y-yeah that's right," the blue haired girl replied.

"Huh? Yue did something happen?" Haruna asked. Yue immediately regretting the stutter in her voice at her answer.

"Eh...no not really," Yue said not meeting the other girl's eyes.

"Really?" Haruna asked her face darkening.

Damn she is scary when she does that, Yue thought off handedly. The blue haired girl was really hoping that Haruna doesn't find out about the little talk she had with Negi, as well as her feelings.

Also at the shrine were Natsumi and Chizuru. Chizuru was also in an elegant Chinese dress except black, and had her hair in a ponytail in the back. Natsumi was wearing a fairy costume, complete with wings and antennas along with a pink dress. "Chizu-nee, Kotarou-kun is in the first match!" Natsumi told the older girl.

"Well well, I wonder if he will be okay," she said of handedly.

"No problem he's strong! Negi-sensei is in the fourth match, while Gohan-sensei is in the sixth match. I have rehearsals for my play sadly. I wonder if I can still get to see it."

"Natsumi who do you do you want to win?" Chizuru asked her friend.

"Huh?"

"Who do you want to win?" she repeated.

"Ah...I want Kotarou-kun to win," the red head said embarrassed. Natsumi nodded with a small smile. "How about you Chizu-nee?"

"I want Gohan-sensei to win."

"Ara? Why?"

"Oh no reason at all," Chizuru replied still smiling. "I just wish him the best."

"Oh. I thought you wanted him to win for other reasons," Natsumi whispered.

"What was that?" Chizuru said in a sickeningly sweet voice.

"N-nothing!"



* * *



Back at the tournament grounds…

"To all the audiences, thank you for waiting!" Kazumi shouted to the crowd through the mic. "Starting now we will be starting the first match of the Mahora Budokai!" As she spoke Kotarou, and surprisingly Mei walked onto the arena. Kazumi pointing to Kotarou said, "In this corner, we have the mystery shounen ninja, contestant Murakami Kotarou!" She then pointed towards Mei. "And in the other corner, the second year middle school girl contestant, Sakura Mei!"

"What with this? Those are just some brats!" one of the audience members shouted out.

"What's the meaning of this organizer?" another one demanded.

"But their abilities were proven in the preliminaries!" Kazumi shouted back. Within the crowd Kotarou had made a small fan club of girls calling him cute.

"Eh! You're that onee-chan from the other day!" Kotarou shouted.

"Thanks for helping the other day Kotarou-san," Mei said with a bow.

"Why are you in this place?"

"Uh...um...I don't actually want to be here but..."

"What's the meaning of this?" Negi asked from one of the contestant benches. Gohan, who was with Negi, Asuna, Setsuna and the others, was curious as well. If Mei was here then that means that…

"Fufufu," Takane chuckled as she revealed herself. "Good morning Negi-sensei."

"Eh you're the one from yesterday!" Negi exclaimed standing up surprised. "What are you doing here?"

"Are you surprised? The reason I'm here is to discipline you!" Takane stated. "You keep doing reckless things like getting infected by the world tree and joining this odd tournament! If we don't punish you, we will never be in agreement, that's the reason we joined this tournament! That and also seeing Gohan-sensei fight as well..." she mumbled the last part with a blush on her face and avoiding Gohan's gaze. "Besides you should worry about your friend. Mei may look like a sweet child but she graduated from a magical school in America with straight A's. At her age she can do many spells without incantations. And when we win, we will take the 10 million yen as your punishment!"

Back on the arena the two contestants were still talking. "I...don't want to do this but this is senpai's orders. I have to defeat you Kotarou-san,' Mei said as she discarded her cloak.

"Big words coming from a cute face," Kotarou smirked getting in to his fighting stance.

"Match No.1…begin!"

Kotaro put some distance between him and Mei as he was concerned about fighting Mei. If it was Kaede-nee-chan or Tatsumiya-nee-chan then ok. But against such a weak girl like this how? Kotarou said to himself. Then Mei pulled out a card and chanted, "Adeat!" The card shone in a bright light, materializing into a broom.

Kotarou looked at the girl curiously. What? It's just a broom, if I hit a child like her and get her injured it'd be going too far. As I thought I can't hit a girl…can't hit her…well then, he thought with a grin on his face. Kotarou then sped forward and did an upward palm thrust, not hitting the girl but using the air pressure of it to send her flying out of the stage and into the water.

"T-This is?" shouted Kazumi in the mic. "Contestant Kotarou, with an unbelievable speed, has ended the match that easily? T-That was a palm upper hit just now wasn't it? It blew a girl's body 10m up into the air. That's harsh!"

"Idiot, that was just the air pressure," muttered Kotarou.

"How bad are that year-two schoolgirl's injuries? Contestant Mei has only ten seconds to get back in the ring!" continued Kazumi.

"Help I can't swim!" Mei shouted during the ten count, forcing Kotarou to help her.

On the sidelines, Negi and Asuna were a bit in shock at Kotarou's skills, especially how he sent a girl flying without even hitting her. "Setsuna-san, do you know what happened?" Asuna asked the swordswoman.

Setsuna shook her head. "I'm not entirely sure since I use ki only in my sword attacks."

"Kotarou-san used kiai," Gohan stated, catching Negi and Asuna's attention.

"Kiai?" Negi asked.

"Kiai is a form of attack by ki users in which we just expel ki from our body towards a desired location," Gohan explained. "Since Kotarou-san has a policy of not hitting girls, he probably thought that using Kiai would be the best option in winning the match." However, I thought that Mei-san would be ready for it since I had showed to her earlier, Gohan said to himself.

"Interesting," muttered Negi. He was curious to see if he could do that as well. As he pondered, Kotarou walked up to the group who were standing on the sidelines. "You did it Kotarou-kun!"

"Aww, 'tweren't nothing," Kotarou smiled with a thumbs up. He then felt a pat on the shoulder from Gohan. "Gohan-nii-san?"

"Don't get your hopes up," Gohan stated. "There are stronger fighters ahead." Kotarou nodded, fully knowing that after seeing Gohan fight against a monster like Broli, the Legendary Super Saiyan. Then he turned his head to see Ku Fei walking towards. "Hey Ku Fei-san!" greeted the demi-saiyan.

"Ku-roshi!" added Negi.

"Hey Chinese girl," said Goku as the three of them walked up to Ku Fei.

"Hey everyone," Ku Fei greeted.

"Are you ready for your match Ku-roshi?" Negi asked.

Ku Fei nodded. "Yup! I can't wait-aru." She then looked at Gohan then Goku and smiled. "Don't lose you two. I want to fight you-aru."

Goku grinned as he locked fists with the Chinese martial artist. "Same here. I want to continue our match from last time." Ku Fei smiled and walked towards the stage, ready to fight against her opponent.

Meanwhile, Kazumi continued on with the next match. "Very impressive! As expected from the mystery shounen ninja Kotarou who, by the way, is also friends with the incredible boy teacher, Negi Springfield!" Murmurs were heard all across the arena, discussing on what happened in the match and on the bit of information that Kazumi gave on Kotarou. "Now let's continue to our second match. In this corner we have the winner of last year's ultimahora! Contestant Ku Fei!" yelled Kazumi, motioning towards Ku Fei who did a martial arts bow before the crowd. "And in our other corner, the mysterious and agile Ku:Nel Sanders!" Kazumi then motioned to the other corner to a white cloaked figure who didn't do any gestures or movements.

Gohan and the others turned their attention towards the stage, eager to wait for the match to start. Then it happened. Ku Fei went in at a fast speed to try and land a palm on Ku:Nel Sanders's chest. However, the cloaked man simply dodged the attack and separated himself from Ku Fei. But Ku Fei didn't stop as she launched forward with various combinations of punches and kicks at Ku:Nel Sanders.

Negi started on cheering her master, with Goten joining in as well. Gohan wanted to join in too but then he suddenly felt something. It was an incredible power source. Gohan turned his attention towards the source and noticed that it was coming from the cloaked figure, Ku:Nel Sanders. This is bad, Gohan said to himself with a frown of worry on his face.

"You noticed it too," Goku said as he stood beside the demi-saiyan. Negi, Asuna, Kotarou and Setsuna all turned their head to Goku, curious as to what he was talking about.

"Goku-san, what are you talking about?" Negi asked.

"That Chinese girl can't win," Goku stated bluntly.

"HUH?"

"What do you mean Goku-san?" Setsuna asked.

"That can't be true," added Negi. "Ku-roshi is very strong! There is no way she can't win." Negi was about to continue even more with his comments but was stopped by Gohan. "Gohan-san?"

"Negi-san," Gohan sighed, "my dad is right. Ku Fei-san can't win." Negi, Asuna and Setsuna turned wide-eyed at the shocking comment.

"How can that be Gohan?" Asuna asked. "Didn't you say that Ku Fei was very strong?"

"She is, but…" Gohan looked at the cloaked man as he dodged another attack. "That man is much stronger. He is hiding an incredible amount of strength away."

"But Gohan-san…" Negi was about to protest but he noticed Gohan's hands were clenched hard. Negi realized that if Gohan was like this, then it must be true. Gohan, meanwhile, couldn't believe what he was seeing. This was bad. How could he not have sensed this power before? Could this be the guy that Goku was talking about before the preliminaries that got him all worried?

Back at the arena, Ku was back in her fighting pose as Ku:Nel Sanders walked a bit closer to the Chinese martial artist. "You are good," spoke the cloaked man, catching Ku Fei by surprise. "No wonder Negi-kun chose you as his martial arts master. However, you can't win."

"We'll see about that-aru," Ku said before rushing in. She sent a palm thrust towards Ku:Nel Sanders's chest, to which he parried to the side. Ku followed it with another palm thrust toward the same spot. Ku:Nel sent his fist up to parry it again, but he slipped when he saw Ku put her foot behind his to make him fall down. She brought her palm down on him as his back hit the floor. When the hit was about to connect, Ku:Nel's arm shot up and grabbing the wrist to stop it just above his chest. His other hand flew to her neck and grabbed it. This action caused her to choke momentarily. This was all he needed to push her away from him, and stand up.

Ku:Nel dusted off some dirt on him. He then egged her on by doing the come here motion. Ku frowned for a moment before lunging at Ku:Nel. She then did a flying side kick with her right leg extended out. Ku:Nel carefully sidestepped out the way, but when Ku landed she put her hands on the ground and spun on them. Her feet flailed towards him and forced him to jump back more. When his feet the ground, Ku:Nel almost fell to the ground himself. He looked back and saw that he was at the edge of the arena.

Ku:Nel turned his head back to face the girl and his eyes widened. Her fist was about to hit his face. Ku:Nel instantaneously jumped back. As he was going down, he stretched out his legs forward kicking Ku Fei in the gut. Ku:Nel touched the floor outside of the arena before doing an instant movement back inside of it. The crowd gasped when they saw Ku clutching her abdomen.

"Wow!" awed Negi. "Ku-roshi is incredible! Gohan-san, Goku-san, I'm sure that you two have changed your opinions already."

"No," both Father and Son immediately responded which caught Negi by surprise so did Asuna and Kotarou.

"What?" Asuna commented. "You got to be kidding me! Ku Fei is matching evenly against that cloaked man!"

"Yeah," added Kotarou. "I'm sure that guy is tired already. She has won this."

"No he isn't," Vegeta stated, catching the three of them by surprise. "He is just toying with her."

"Vegeta-san," muttered Negi.

"Kakarotto and the brat are right," Vegeta said. "This match is over. I wish he would stop playing with her so we can get out with this stupid tournament."

Kotarou shook his head. "How could that be? I mean that onee-chan is matching evenly with the cloaked man!"

"Kotarou, you are blinded by your eyes," Piccolo added in.

"Huh what do you mean?"

"You are looking at the fight with your eyes instead of sensing their ki. If you watched it with your ki sense, you will realize that Gohan and the others are right," explained the Namekian. "That girl has no chance." Kotarou and Negi clenched their fists as they tried to prove that Gohan and his friends' assumptions were wrong.

"Is that the best you can do," Ku:Nel called out to the girl who uneasily got up to her feet again. She had bruises covering every visible part of her body, and was panting heavily. She noted though that he never aimed for her face after the first hit. Being unable to hold herself up Ku fell to the floor on her back.

"What an incredible upset! Without landing a single hit Contestant Ku goes down!" Kazumi shouted. The crowd gasped, again, when they heard this. Kazumi began counting slowly as Ku:Nel hovered over the girl who's eyes bore into his very own.

"You did well," Ku:Nel stated smiling down on her. "You were able to take hits that only a few people were able to survive. You are truly a great fighter." Ku was breathing in deeply as she closed her eyes.

"Seven! Eight! Nine!" After the number nine, Ku suddenly shot up surprising everyone, including Ku:Nel. She latched the palm of her right hand under his chin, and the other one went directly under the elbow of the right.

"It's not over yet!" Ku exclaimed happily. Using the force of her left hand, she pushed upward sending Ku:Nel into the air. Ku didn't stop there though. As he was barely lifted up, she let loose a flurry of punches and palm strikes to his body. Each hit could be heard throughout the shrine as all went silent when she actually landed a solid hit. After doing the combo she jumped up and kneed him in the stomach, before doing one final palm strike to the chest, sending him into the wall right above the contestant seating.

After a few seconds the crowd went wild with excitement seeing their champion being able to land a hit on the mysterious hooded man. "That was a marvelous reversal by Contestant Ku! Waiting for the right moment to strike and beautifully pulling off an amazing amount of hits on Contestant Ku:Nel! I wonder how he is doing?" The crowd looked to where Ku:Nel had hit the wall and the rubble it had made. Negi and the others were cheering, seeing that Ku may have won! However, Negi shot a look at Gohan's face and noticed that it hadn't changed much. Gohan's expression was still that of worry. Could it be that Ku:Nel survived that? A few seconds later, Ku:Nel stood up from the rubble with no injuries!

Ku couldn't even move much after exerting that much Ki, and energy into doing that combo as Ku:Nel came into the arena. "Impressive," Ku:Nel said. "You almost had me going there for a second."

"Heh, really?" Ku asked tiredly.

"Yeah, I am truly impressed," Ku:Nel as he started to gather energy in his hand. "However…"

"It's over," Gohan muttered, fearing for the worst.

"It's my win." With a flick of Ku:Nel's wrist, Ku suddenly felt a whole lot of pressure on top of her. It felt like she was carrying 10 tons of weights on her shoulders. Ku couldn't hold on much longer and thus let it as she landed hard on the ground, creating a crack on the arena floor. Everyone gasped at the scene including Kazumi.

"Oh my! It seems that Contestant Ku can't go any further due to an invisible attack from Ku:Nel. I shall begin counting..." Kazumi stated as she began to count. Negi ran from the sidelines and towards the arena to see if Ku was okay. Gohan followed suit as well. On the way there, he passed by Ku:Nel Sanders and gave a look at the cloaked man who simply smiled at the demi-saiyan. "Ten! And Contestant Ku:Nel has advanced to the second round! With a costume that completely hides the face, the mysterious Ku:Nel breaks through!" Though the crowd cheered, they were also disheartened that the Ku Fei had lost.

"Ku-roshi!" Negi screamed as he checked Ku Fei's condition. Her eyes were closed. Negi feared for the worst.

"She is not dead," Gohan said as he picked up the Chinese girl. "She is just simply unconscious."

Negi let out a sigh of relief. "That's good."

"Still, we should take her to the infirmary," Gohan said. Hope Dad brought some Senzu beans, Gohan said to himself as he carried Ku Fei in bridal style to the infirmary. Gohan feared that he was going to miss Piccolo's fight but luckily, the tournament was going to take a break while they fixed the arena stage due to damages.



* * *



A few minutes later…

Ku started to open one of her eyes. She then saw a few figures standing before that were a bit fuzzy. She blinked her eyes to clear out the blur and saw Negi, Gohan, Asuna and Setsuna standing before her. "She is awake!" Negi said with a bright smile on his face, happy to see Ku Fei finally awake.

"Ughh," Ku gargled. "What happened-aru?"

"You lost," Gohan said.

Ku bowed her head down in disappointment. "Sorry."

"Don't be Ku Fei-san," continued Gohan. "It was an incredible match. I was very impressed by your skill."

Ku let out a small smile. "Thanks Gohan-sensei but now I won't be able to fight you." Then she felt a pat on her shoulder and looked up to see Gohan's Son grin on his face.

"We will get to fight another time," Gohan said. Ku smiled and nodded at the demi-saiyan.

"I feel bad though-aru," Ku said. "I showed an uncool side to my disciple."

"Are you kidding? You were great Ku-roshi!" Negi said. "Even though that cloaked man was strong, you kept going at it. You never gave up! I will carry on your will Ku-roshi!"

Ku Fei smiled at the boy's determination. "Good. Show what you learn-aru!"

Negi nodded. "You bet!"



* * *



Back at the arena…

"Thanks for your patience, everyone!" Kazumi said. "We've been busy putting up new boards, and will be starting match no. 3 any moment now. This is turning into a real high-powered event, isn't it!" Chisame had to disagree with that as she watched from the sideline. High-powered, yeah right, Chisame said to herself. No normal people could move like those two did especially Mister Satan and he is the champion of the world. What is going on?

"Let's meet our contestants! In this corner we have, according to close and reliable sources, Gohan-kun's sensei…Challenger Ma Junior!" The crowd cheered on as Piccolo didn't show any expression but had his arms folded and his eyes closed. "An-n-nd in this corner, now in her second year at St. Ursula's high school for girls…Takane D. Goodman!"

"Onee-sama!" cried out Mei. "You be careful!"

"Fhn, fhn," chuckled Takane. "At last, the time's come to show my true power! Negi-sensei! It'll be too late for panic once you've seen what I'm about to show! Today's the day you finally get some tough love to straighten out that poor attitude of yours!" She turned her head, ready to show off to Negi and his group, more specifically towards Gohan. However, when she tried to look for them, they weren't there! "Hey! Where did they go?"

"To the nurse's office," Mei responded. "All of them, a while ago."

Takane cursed under her breath. She wanted to Negi to see her match but more specifically, she wanted Gohan to see her match. She wanted him to cheer her on and compliment her skill. She blushed at her thinking but she shook her head to get rid of those thoughts right now. Though she was curious as to why Gohan wasn't here to watch. She was about to fight against his sensei, wasn't she? Wouldn't he be worried about her hurting this Ma Junior too badly? "Listen green man!" shouted Takane. "It's going to take a lot of power to defeat me. So be ready!"

Piccolo didn't say anything as he unfolded his arms and opened his eyes. He stared at the blonde girl who was taken aback by the Namekian's gaze. "Then come at me with your full power," Piccolo said.

Takane gritted her teeth in anger. This guy was pissing her off. "You asked for it!" She yelled as she dashed towards Piccolo. Takane opened up with a right, straight punch, the attack soaring at her opponent with increased backup momentum. Piccolo easily blocked it with his left arm, fist connecting with rock hard muscle. Takane yelled and pulled back her right leg while still hovering in that position. With a powerful thrust, she sent her knee into his chest, only to have that blocked by the same left arm.

She didn't stop there though. The blonde girl followed that up by landing and sending a left jab, a right hook, a left uppercut, a right roundhouse kick, and a left side kick. Her attacks were deemed useless when her opponent easily blocked them all with his left arm, stopping her dead when he grabbed onto her left leg. Here, he wasn't afraid to show her this small portion of his strength. After seeing she was unable to yank her leg from his grip, she moved to an alternative. She back flipped, kicking up with her right and forcing him to let go. Piccolo did so, but that was his choice. From here, he watched her leap away from him, performing a few more back flips before stopping crouched low. Teeth gritted, the angered girl pushed off the ground she had landed on and leapt at him again, this time jumping to a greater altitude.

Stopping at the pinnacle, the girl then dove down at him, left foot extended. With a yell, she unleashed a shadow infused kick, intent on knocking the stuffing's out of her opponent. Piccolo gruffed, stepping to the side at the last minute with the girl flying straight past him through his cape and kicking the ground instead of him. She cracked the ground with that blow, yet wasn't hurt herself. Growling, she pursued her opponent, spinning round to her right and leaping at Piccolo, bringing her left leg back. Reaching him within seconds, she threw a triple-roundhouse kick at him with the same leg, the Namekian holding up his right arm and blocking the series of blows with an expressionless face.

The girl stopped on the third, kicking off of him with her left leg a second later and flipping back. She landed on the solid ground a second later, pulled into a defensive stance. Piccolo gazed down at her, still showing no expression at Takane. Takane saw that her opponent wasn't going to attack any time soon, so decided to attack instead. With an angry yell, she launched herself at him and began attacking him ruthlessly. Flurries of punches and kicks came flying at Piccolo, who slowly backed away while avoiding and parrying her blows easily, using only his left arm whenever it was necessary.

His eyes kept an eye on the blonde girl's lightning fast movements and attacks. She had incredible skill, her technique, combinations and magic skill perfected in every way. However, every technique had its flaw, but he didn't bother marking it out. He just wanted to wait for the right opportunity to end this fight, since he was starting to realize that the blonde girl wasn't that strong. Maybe she could prove him wrong.

The crowd was in awe at the display of fighting from both fighters, particularly on Takane's side. The crowd was definitely not impressed at Piccolo just simply standing there and defending. They wanted to see some action!



* * *



Meanwhile…

"Sounds like fun over at the main hall," Negi said as he was sipping a cup of tea. Gohan was doing the same as well.

"Negi, Gohan," spoke Asuna, "we're heading back to the tournament field."

"Yeah shouldn't you two get going?" Kotarou asked. "I mean, your match is next right Negi?"

"I'll be there," Negi said.

"What about you Gohan-sensei?" Setsuna asked. "Aren't you coming with us?"

"What do you mean Setsuna-san?" Gohan responded.

"Isn't your sensei fighting right now? Shouldn't you watch his match?" Setsuna questioned.

"Piccolo-san will be fine," Gohan answered. "Me and Negi will go over there soon. We'll meet you guys later." With that the group left, leaving behind Negi and Gohan sipping tea while watching over Ku Fei, laying in her bed.



* * *



Back at the battle arena…

Takane continued to drive him back with her assault, fists and kicks flying through the air. She decided to step up the ante by infusing her shadow magic in her arms and legs. As a result, her punches and kicks's power had increased than before. However, little did she know was that her attacks were nothing to Piccolo. Bringing her left fist back, she drove it forward, aimed for his face. Piccolo swiftly caught it in his left hand, holding her in place right there. Takane gritted her teeth and growled angrily, eyes flaring and wavering. However, the blonde girl was rather surprised he was able to move her fist, but after realizing they were still glaring at each other there, Takane brought her right fist back and drove it forward.

Piccolo pushed her left fist away and caught her other fist, holing it right there with little or no effort. After which, the girl yanked her fist out of his grip sharply and sent a left roundhouse kick aimed at his face. The Namekian moved his hand around to block it, easily stopping it by raising a finger. Takane didn't stop. Bringing her leg back down, she leapt into the air and spun around, sending a backwards round house kick aimed at his head with her right leg. Piccolo ducked it and slipped under her, the girl landing behind him when he stood up. Takane wheeled around, seeing her opponent standing there. Yelling out in frustration, she took another stance before flying at him, infused with her shadow magic. His back was turned, so this was her chance!

She began sending punches aimed at the back of his head and upper back, but she got one hell of a surprise when she saw her opponent avoid them easily, his movements leaving afterimages behind where he stood. When she launched the first six punches, she stopped, left arm extended on the seventh. It was then Piccolo's form stopped blurring and he spun around, grabbing her wrist and pulling her forward. Takane gritted her teeth and tried to yank her arm free of his grip, but was unable too. So, she moved to a new move and kicked off of her opponent's thigh. She used his build to push off of him, with Piccolo releasing her so that she didn't hurt herself. It was a foolish move to try with such a strong opponent, yet he couldn't but figure that it must have worked with other opponents around her strength. So, he just returned to a normal standing position and watched his opponent back-flip away, landing 20 meters away and dropped into yet another fighting stance. Both of them glared at each other, Takane panting slightly and Piccolo just standing as he was. The crowds were cheering wildly, with the Z senshi and Negi's group staring quietly from the sidelines. This fight was sure moving up fast.

Takane gritted her teeth and backed down a bit, watching her opponent stare at her. "Very impressive I must say," Piccolo said, catching Takane by surprise, "especially when you started to infuse your shadow magic in your attacks." Takane turned wide-eyed.

"What?" Takane yelled. "How did you know?"

Piccolo smirked. "I have lived longer and have seen things that you couldn't possibly imagine. Though your technique is impressive, it still needs improvement. Watch." Suddenly, Piccolo disappeared, catching the blonde girl by surprise. She started to look around for the Namekian but couldn't find him. "You look too much with your eyes," said a voice behind her.

Takane turned around and sent out a roundhouse kick but hit nothing. Only an afterimage! Takane's eyes started to flicker as a sweat went down the side of her. She turned around to see Piccolo standing before her. I-Impossible.

Piccolo then put out his hand and sent out a series a low level ki blasts towards Takane. Takane dodged with the best she could at the ki blasts. "Come on!" yelled Piccolo. "You can do better than that!" Takane was about to protest but she was too busy with avoiding the blasts. Pieces of the stage were getting torn to shreds because of Piccolo's attacks. "Show me some skill; otherwise you won't be able to help Gohan at this level!"

Takane turned her head at the very mention of Gohan. But because of that, she stopped dodging and took a ki blast headlong. A small explosion occurred on the arena stage. "Onee-sama!" screamed Mei with anime tears coming out her eyes, worried about Takane's wellbeing.

The crowd got worried over Takane's safety, hoping that the poor girl would at least be all right. However, Piccolo didn't stop there as he fired a series of ki blasts at that same spot. "Not enough!" Explosion occurred in succession with the crowd cheering on the spectacle while Chisame murmur the logistics of shooting beams from a hand was highly unlikely. A few seconds, Piccolo stopped firing and simply stared at the smoke.

The smoke cleared up to reveal Takane! "Why you!" growled Takane. "Now you've done it! Now you're gonna see my real power, the power to protect Goha…" But Takane stopped herself when she noticed a slight breeze coming onto her body. That wouldn't be possible unless she was naked right. The whole arena was silent. She looked down noticed her clothes were missing! All that was left on her due to the attack was the top of her school uniform, from the shoulder up and her hat. A few tattered pieces of clothes flew away on the breeze that rolled through.

"Well," Piccolo said, "aren't you coming at me or not?"

Takane started to tremble in embarrassment as she quickly engulfed one of her arms with shadow magic. "Wh-Why-y-y…" She ran up to Piccolo, who was clearly not showing any expression at seeing a woman's body, "YOUUUUUUU!" She gave a straight uppercut at Piccolo, catching the Namekian by surprise and launching him into the air.

The crowd and Kazumi thought that the match would be over then however, Piccolo had other plans as he stopped himself in mid-air and descended towards the stage. Everyone was gaping with their jaws wide open at seeing Piccolo fly in the air. Chisame couldn't believe it herself either. There was no way a person could fly! It was not possible!

"Impressive," Piccolo said, rubbing his chin. "But it is going to take more than that to defeat me." Takane started to shake in embarrassment. She couldn't fight like this, especially if Gohan were to come in right now and watch the fight. She was about to ask Mei for a spare jacket or something to cover up but when she turned, she noticed a certain figure standing next to Mei. It was Son Gohan! OH MY GOD! Takane screamed to herself. Gohan-sensei is here! Holy Shit! Takane's face was turning scarlet due to the embarrassment of having Gohan see her naked now.

"I-I give up!" Takane yelled. "I GIVE UP THE FIGHT!" The crowd was stunned to say the least! All of them face-faulted, thinking that Takane would at least get something to cover herself up and continue the match. However that didn't happen as Takane then took this opportunity to dash off stage, scarlet in embarrassment.

Kazumi blinked a few times before she collected herself so as to announce the winner, Piccolo. Afterwards, Kazumi talked into the mic to explain what was going to happen next as the crowd was starting to get antsy with the upcoming match. "Sorry to have kept you waiting, folks, we'll be starting the fourth match just as soon as we have repaired the stage. Please note that the use of cameras are forbidden. Your understanding is appreciated."

Goku, Goten, Trunks, Kuririn and Vegeta were all in the sidelines, awaiting for the next match. Vegeta was starting to get very impatient at the slowness of the tournament. "I swear, if they don't hurry it up, I will blow this whole area to kingdom come!"

"Vegeta relax," Goku said, trying to calm down Vegeta. "I'm sure they are doing the best they can."

Vegeta growled. "Shut up Kakarotto! You just want them to waste time to delay the match since you know that I am going to defeat you!"

"That is not true Vegeta," Goku responded.

"Whatever," Vegeta said, turning his back at the Z senshi. "I want them to just hurry it up so we can fight. That is the only reason I came here for."

"I know Vegeta, but still I really want to see that kid, Negi's fight," Goku said with a Son grin on his face.

"What is so special about that brat Kakarotto?" Vegeta asked.

"You'll see," Goku said when he noticed Piccolo walking towards them. "Hey Piccolo, good match!"

Piccolo growled. "What match? It was a complete waste of my time," stated the Namekian. "I should have taken her out beforehand. She lacked technique and training."

Kuririn let out a smile. "Always the strict teacher."



* * *



Author's note: Hey everybody! Hope you guys enjoyed the chapter, especially on the two prominent fights in this chapter: the Ku:Nel vs Ku Fei and the Takane vs Piccolo. I wanted to have that same embarrassing scene that Takane has during her first match and see what Piccolo's reaction was. But of course, being Namekian, he has no idea about women's parts and whether to be embarrassed or not. Hehehe. That was very enjoyable when I was writing it. Hope you guys enjoyed the fights.

By the way, the poll will end when the next chapter is posted so if you haven't voted yet, now is the time to do it. READ AND REVIEW! I love hearing from you guys! It makes me feel like my work is being appreciated! So review please! See you guys around! Peace!

Oh, and Happy Halloween!





*Chapter 26*: I Will Surpass You!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. See Chapter 1 for details.

Author's note: Hey everybody! How is everyone doing? Hope you guys have been enjoying the few weeks that I have been away. Sorry about not updating quickly as I normally would. Work has been hectic and I am still trying to learn more about the area that I am currently living. It is a beautiful place and I have great neighbors. But it's definitely getting colder that's for sure.

Oh, by the way, I have been planning to put up two chapters per month if possible. I'm trying to do as many chapters as possible but with work being a little hectic and me trying to survive while learning Japanese at the same time, its going to take a while. But I won't stop writing. I love writing this story too much and I have put a lot of energy and time into it. And I have you guys out there, giving me reviews and support. So thank you guys for giving me the energy to continue.

I want to thank naioka1992 for beta-reading this chapter! She has been an amazing beta for me! So, let me present to you guys Chapter 26 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 26: The Battle of Destiny Begins! I Will Surpass You!

After seeing the embarrassing ending to Piccolo and Takane's match, Gohan decided to see what Negi was up to. He walked down the hall and as he turned the corner Gohan bumped into someone. At the speed the person was going, Gohan ended up falling down. As he fell he reached out his hand and to grab something to stop his fall. Hearing someone gasp, he knew that he grabbed onto a person and was bringing him or her down with him. His back hit the floor with a thud, and he felt some weight hitting his waist. Gohan closed his eyes as he winced in a little pain. As he opened them, the demi-saiyan found Takane straddling him. "T-Takane-san?"

Takane was beet red when she was looking down on Gohan. She didn't even try to move. She was clutching his shirt with both hands as she sat on top of him. The two heard a sharp intake of breath, and looked to the doorway. The two of them looked over and saw a blushing Mei, who was trying to cover her eyes with her hands. "O-onee-sama," she sniffed. "You're a liar! You tell people not to do vulgar things and you do them yourself!" she nearly shouted. Takane and Gohan used this time to get up from the floor and take a big step away from each other.

"It's not what you think Mei-san," Gohan told the girl red haired girl. "Takane-san just fell on me. Right, Takane-san?" Gohan turned to the blond girl who was looking away, spouting out phrases such as 'Gohan-sensei needs to take responsibility' and 'No one will marry me now...' This had Gohan sweat dropping. Turning back to the sniffling middle schooler Gohan tried to explain his situation. "Look your Onee-sama is...uh...Having a little problem at the moment and is not herself. Can you take her put some clothes on her and have her sit down?" Mei stared at him for a moment before taking Takane away.

Gohan let out a sigh. He got up, wiping off the dirt from his clothes and went back to his original destination. As he walked, he saw Negi, Kotarou and a bandaged up Ku Fei walking towards. "Negi-san," waved the demi-saiyan, catching the boy's attention.

"Gohan-san!" waved back the child teacher. "What are you doing here?"

"I was about to see if you weren't getting cold feet, or falling asleep like Dad did in his first match," Gohan replied. "So do you think you are ready?"

Negi nodded as he put on a determined face. "Hai. I'm ready."

Gohan smiled. "That's good to hear, however you won't be able to do anything if you don't take off your weights."

Negi perked up. "That's right! I should take them off." As instructed, Negi took off his weighted clothes, leaving some big cracks on the ground. Kotarou whistled at the amount weight Negi was carrying on him.

"Remember what I taught you before right?" Gohan said.

Negi nodded. "Feel as if the weights were on you. Got it!"

Gohan smiled at Negi's determination. "Good luck then!" Gohan said, patting on Negi's shoulder. "You are going to need it."

"Thanks Gohan-san," replied the child teacher as he continued to walk towards the stage while Gohan went towards another direction which was in the direction of the stands.

After a couple of minutes of walking, Gohan finally reached his destination and met up with Goku and the others. A few seconds later, Asuna, Setsuna, Kaede, and Kotarou joined him and the others. The group started to mingle with each other but stopped they heard Kazumi start speaking again. "Now, on this side is the formidable school district instructor whose name is known to all the delinquent's, Takamichi T. Takahata!"Gohan heard the crowd go wild as that was announced. "In the other side is the child teacher of rumors who started working in Mahora last year! Negi Springfield!" The dark haired demi-saiyan also heard the crowd go wild in response to his entrance. The two fighters assembled onto center stage and got to their respective spots. "Takahata, the man whose ability to single-handedly resolve almost any student fight has earned him the nickname, 'Death-Specs'! Truly, the most powerful guidance counselor at this academy. However, will the child teacher stand up to him? That he's the odd-on favorite for this match goes without saying! Then again, what sport is there in handicapping a match that looks to be over before it even starts?"

At the commentator's table, Chachamaru and the guy who Negi defeated last night, discussed about the match. "Don't be so quick to judge!" spoke Gotokuji. "Whether he looks it or not, that Negi kid is one tough customer!"

"S-So, um, Gotokuji-san," Chachamaru asked, "does Negi-sensei? I mean, challenger Negi have any chance for victory?"

"Well," responded Gotokuji, "let's see… I'd say his best shot is to keep a good distance. That damned Takahata…make that challenger Takahata, was last night using some unknown technique to drop opponents left and right! In facing an opponent of unknown technique, it's basic strategy to calmly observe the situation from a distance."

Back at the sidelines, Vegeta let out a loud snicker. "Tsk. Only weaklings would do something so cowardly," commented Vegeta.

"I would have to disagree with you Vegeta," Piccolo said. "It is better to understand your opponent rather than face them head on."

"So does Negi have a chance on winning?" asked Asuna to Piccolo and Gohan, both of whom were standing next to each other. "I mean, do you guys know what that guy was talking about?"

"Heh, only an amateur wouldn't have noticed that weakling's technique," Vegeta replied. Asuna glared at the Prince of Saiyans, which caught on with Vegeta. "What?"

"Don't talk badly about Takahata-sensei!" Asuna screamed.

"Tsk, whatever, like I care," Vegeta muttered. Asuna clenched her teeth in anger at Vegeta's attitude towards Takamichi. He was so pissing her off. She was about to go chase after him and give him a piece of her mind but was stopped when Gohan placed a hand on her shoulder.

"Don't let Vegeta-san bother you too much," Gohan said.

"Gohan, how can you be so calm about this?" Asuna asked.

"Because, even though Vegeta-san may appear to be a jerk, he is actually quite a nice guy once you get to know him better," explained the demi-saiyan. "But concerning with Takamichi-san's technique, I think Negi-san will be ready."

"You think so?"

"Sure," Gohan replied with a Son grin. "After all, Negi-san is strong."

The crowd started to get agitated at waiting for the match to start. Kazumi spoke up, finally announcing the start of the match. "Now let Match No. 4 Begin!"

Immediately Negi activated Cantus Bellax then Deflexio so as to protect a deadly point, his chin. From there he used Shundo to get behind Takamichi but found that his Deflexio was hit and blown away by an unseen attack. Gohan was surprised like the others to see Negi's improvement in Shundo. He let out a smile. Vegeta noticed it as well. He let out a small smile. It seems Kakarotto was right all along.

He took out his hands…Takamichi's technique can't be used close up, Negi said to himself as he observed Takamichi's movements. Takamchi then proceeded to move ahead and punched Negi in the face. However, the child teacher used Shundo once again to avoid the hit but his landing sent him further than he wanted. Despite that though, Negi quickly flipped to give Takamichi an elbow to the chest before casting Sagitta Magica, thus creating and dingle arrow and releasing it with his punch.

"Wow," awed Goku. "He's a lot better now than the last time. He is amazing. You must have trained him hard Gohan." Gohan blushed at the comment while Eva gave gruff at the Saiyan.

"Yeah," added Kuririn, "after what Goku told me, I thought that the kid would be some wimp. You got him into shape didn't you Gohan?"

"It was nothing," Gohan muttered as he was a bit embarrassed by the comments. Eva, meanwhile, was getting tick marks all over her face and clenching her fists.

"Hey I trained him too you know!" Eva shouted with a blush on her face.

Goku blinked a few times. "Who is that girl?" Goku asked to Gohan, pointing at Eva. Everyone face-faulted.

"Dad! That is Evangeline-san, remember?" Gohan replied.

"Oh yeah! That vampire right, right." Everyone around Goku sweatdropped at his comments, wondering how the Earth's greatest hero could be so dumb sometimes.

Meanwhile, Negi continued to push forward with his assault on Takamichi, not allowing him to gain any distance. However, Takamichi was able to observe the incredible skills that Negi was showing. He let out a smile. I see, Takamichi said to himself. Chinese martial arts relies on coming at you from all directions, making it tough to counter. Both his speed and his power are quite impressive, possibly due to Eva and Gohan-kun's training. In this case, Negi-kun's small physique is actually an advantage – he's really hard to hit! Negi, in the meantime, kept on using his kenpo to keep Takamichi suppressed.

"This is an eye dazzling wonderful exchange of attack and defence. Also this is contestant Negi…the child teacher is pressing," Kazumi said with Sayo over her shoulder observing.

Asuna and her group were estatic. "Incredible!" Asuna awed.

"Negi-sensei may be able to win this after all," Setsuna added.

"I wouldn't be too sure of that," Vegeta commented, who was leaning against a wall and drawing a few glares at him. "The brat is impressive but he won't win."

"What do you mean?" Asuna exclaimed, clenching her fist in front of Vegeta.

"Asuna-san, calm down," Gohan said with pleading smile. "Vegeta-san was a bit rash on his comments. Let him be."

"Grrr, that guy really pisses me off," Asuna said angrily. "You don't believe that crap do you Gohan?"

"No I don't. I think Negi-san has a chance to win. However..." Gohan paused as he saw Negi do an original move.

I'll finish it here CONVERGENTIA FULGURALIS…1…2…3… Negi thought as he started to creat three orbs of lighting around him. Here we go, my original technique…Raika Houken! The orbs combined, tripling the strength of the attack. The attack sent Takahata out of the arena and into the water, steam covering the surface.

"Has contestant Takahata sunk into the pond? He's nowhere in sight. Is this the end no is his life in danger?" Kazumi questioned, trying to over hype the drama a little.

Everyone, save for Gohan, Goku and the other Z senshi, was speechless. "Even with the move he just did, it will not be enough to handle Takamichi-san," Gohan finished his sentence. The girls looked at him in confusion.

"What do you mean Gohan-sensei?" Setsuna asked. Gohan just motioned to the water.

As the steam cleared, everyone saw Takahata walking on the water…unharmed! "Contestant Takahata is safe! He is completely unharmed after taking that attack!" Kazumi announced.

"Hehe like I thought," muttered Negi.

"You really did quite well Negi-kun. I expected nothing less," Takamichi said as Negi shundo-ed as fast as he could to get in close with Takamichi as the two of them exchanged blows outside of the stage. I can't let him get distance. I've gotta stay close and find my chance! Negi thought as the two of them continued to exchange blows. Running across the area around the stage, the two exchanged blows once again at unbelievable speeds. The crowd couldn't follow their movements but the Z senshi could as they moved their eyes back and forth.

"Wait a minute you two that's out of the stage…!" called Kazumi as Takamichi saw an opening and kicked Negi away from him gaining some distance for his technique.

"Oh boy this is bad..." Gohan said.

"Why?" Setsuna asked.

"This gives that glasses dude a chance to use his moves," Goku explained. The crowd gasped as Negi was hit multiple times, without Takahata even getting close to him. "Things are going to get serious now," continued Goku. As he finished that sentence another hit had smack Negi, sending him sprawling onto the floor.

"Just as I thought," Piccolo said with a stern look on his face.

"What did Takahata-sensei just do Piccolo-san?" asked Asuna.

"That guy's special move is one that very few can keep up with," Piccolo said. "I'm surprised he knows about it too."

"What do you mean Piccolo-san?" Setsuna asked.

"That move is called Iai-ken," explained the Namekian. "Basically like the use of Iaijutsu in sword techniques, Takamichi is pulling the sword from it's sheath then replacing it, or in his case attacking with his fists then replacing them in his pockets faster than you can see. That boy, Negi, has no chance of recognizing the movements at his level," finished Piccolo as Negi took another blow to the face.

I didn't see that last punch at all! As that's the case, I have to get in close and use the shundo to beat him, Negi thought, trying to get in close only to have Takamichi trip him with his foot.

"Negi-san is getting desperate," Gohan said with worry in his voice. Negi fixed himself and landed near the edge of the stage. "And within the small confines of the arena, Negi-san is going to be pushed to his very limits," he said as he started to grab the railing very tightly, squishing it. Suddenly, Takahata appeared behind Negi.

"I learned this WAZA or move, Negi-kun, from one of Nagi's comrades," Takamichi started as the air around him was moving around weirdly. Gohan's eyes went wide as Takamichi's ki level began to rise. "A move taught to me by a person that can be counted as my master. See he's the person on the right end side in that picture you saw from Eishun-san" he said surprising Negi.

"My father's comrade…?"

"Yes…he was a good man," Takamichi said. "Today's been one good thing after another, Negi-kun. To think I'd have enjoyed sparring with you this much. You're my friend Nagi's son, no mistake. How else could this have gone?" Takamichi said smiling as Gohan was starting to get a little worried for Negi's safety. Sure, Gohan would be safe from the incoming attack of Takamichi but for Negi, that was a different story.

"That last exchange of blows drove it home – you've become a fine young man," continued Takamichi. "Which is why, starting now, I'm about to reveal my full, all-out strength! In a fight between men, to do otherwise would be unforgivable." And with, something strange was happening with Takamichi's hands that caught the crowd's interest. "In my left hand, magical power and in my right ki!" An incredible amount of power was appearing on Takamichi's hands. Then suddenly, he put the two together, causing a massive explosion of light in the arena.

Everyone covered their eyes from the unexpected wind pressure coming from Takamichi. Gohan's eyes turned even wider as he realized what Takamichi was doing. No way! Gohan said to himself. Is that even possible? Gohan wasn't the only to be surprised. Goku and the Z senshi looked a bit surprised at Takamichi's technique, including Vegeta. However, he wouldn't admit it due to his pride.

"A small tip, from me to you…you'll want to avoid this," Takamichi said. Negi was curious as to why when suddenly a chill ran across his spine. Then, out of nowhere, a ray of light came crashing down onto the stage! It left a massive hole, which caused the crowd to be in awe at the amazing fight. Gohan was in awe as well. Then he suddenly remembered something. During his fight against Negi before the festival started, Negi did something similar when he performed the Kamehame-Ha wave at him. So that's it, Gohan said. I was curious as to how Negi-san was able to perform the Kamehame-Ha but now I know. It is possible to combine magical power and ki. This is exciting. I can't wait to train him on this. However, Gohan noticed that when Negi got up, he was shaking in fear of the power of whatever Takamichi had used.

Gohan gritted his teeth. "If he keeps like this he won't be able to reach that level," Goku said sternly, catching everyone's attention.

"What level would that be?" Kotarou asked this time.

"The level at which Negi-san's father and Evangeline-san's stand at," continued Gohan. "The amount of skill and power one needs to reach that level is unbelievable. If he keeps trembling from that small show of power...he won't make it there. Not in this lifetime," Gohan sighed.

"Indeed he won't get to his or even your level if he can't get past this hurdle," commented Eva.

Takahata let loose a barrage of punches while chasing after Negi. All the while, Kotarou gritted his teeth, unhappy to see his rival being beaten around like that so easily. "There has to be a weakness!" Kotarou shouted.

"What do you mean Kotarou-kun?" asked Asuna, in awe at Takamichi's amazing skill.

"Sure, it's flashy, and if Negi gets hit by it, it's all over, but a large impact like that also has to leave a large opening!" Kotarou said. "He also telegraphs it a lot more than his other move! Plus there's that other weak spot Negi's already found – how the move can't be used close-in!"

"That is true," Goku said.

"Besides, with so much power unleashed, Takamichi's gonna havta worry about the crowd – directly sideways is the one direction he can't risk!" continued Kotarou. "In a way, those invisible punches were safer for Takamichi to use. This big move's got big risks!"

"I agree to a point with you Kotarou," Piccolo said, "but…" Takamichi then used one of his weaker punches and hit Negi in the face. He then unleashed the big move once again but Negi was able to dodge by the skin of his teeth. "If this new move is used together with those invisible punches you mentioned, the weakness is gone," explained the Namekian.

The red head tried to shundo out of the way again, but Takahata appeared behind him and attacked again. As Negi dodge, Takahata threw another punch that Negi blocked with a magical shield as he chanted, "FLANS PARIES AERLIALIS!"

To the red head's dismay, the older teacher appeared before him. "While I agree that the wind-barrier is a good anti-kinetic energy defense-magic capable of neutralizing the impact of up to a ten-ton truck," Takamichi said, "it's effects are ephemeral and its major weakness is that it can't be used repeatedly." He then threw one of his strong punches...point blank at Negi. Negi managed to avoid being completely hit, but Takahata didn't back down and threw another punch sending him to the floor.

"It's over isn't it over? Is contestant Negi alright?" Kazumi said as the smoke cleared from the recently made crater. "Th-This is bad! Challenger Negi seems barely to be hanging on! I-Is Cha…Negi! Negi-kun, are you okay?"

"Negi/-bouzu/-kun/-sensei," the girls whispered.

Kazumi turned to Takamichi. "Sh-Shame on you, Takahata-sensei! Did you have to do this? We already knew who was going to win!" Takamichi was then announced the winner of the match without having to do the countdown.

"Negi-kun…is this, then? Negi-kun? You give up then? You care no more than this?" Takamichi asked as he looked down on the boy. The crowd started murmuring about the match result, noting that Negi had no chance against Takamichi at all. He was lucky to be even alive. Gohan, and the other Z senshi thought differently. Everyone is wrong here, Gohan said to himself. Negi-san was going all out like someone of his caliber should be! When it comes to fighting, there is no such as going too far or bullying! It is just you and your opponent! If you were not strong enough, then you got to train harder and come back again!

Gohan was about to shout something to Negi but he was beaten to the punch by Asuna. "BAKA NEGI! WHAT THE HECK ARE YOU DOING? STAND UP!" Asuna shouted.

"NE-NEGI-SENSEI GET YOURSELF TOGETHER!" Nodoka followed suit. One by one Negi's and Gohan's students, save for Chisame since it would be weird to do so, shouted for him to stand. Even Trunks and Goten got in the mix.

Gohan smiled. Maybe he should say something. "COME ON NOW NEGI-SAN! GET UP! YOU WON'T EVER REACH HIM IF YOU JUST LAY THERE!" Gohan shouted his own input. The crowd cheered as Negi shakily got up, and Gohan smirked at the kid.

Negi then charged forward but ended up being kneed in the face before sent into the water by another powerful blow which sent him flying into the water that was around the stage. Not yet…Sagitta Magicca, Series Fulguralis, thought Negi not giving up as he jumped out of the water and onto one of the lamp posts with orbs surrounding him.

"Takamichi! This is where it ends!" proclaimed the boy teacher.

Have you come up with something Negi-kun? What, though? Just firing magic-arrows won't have any effect against my attack, Takamichi said to himself. However, he let out a smile"…Very well! I accept that challenge! The exchange will be our last!" he shouted back.

"Ooh the two have made a finishing declaration! It's true that that match time is also getting close to the 15 minute limit," Kazumi announced but most of the audience were too fixed on what was happening.

Shundo…Sagitta Magica Series Fulguralis Negi chanted as he pushed himself into the spell to empower his charge. Takamichi returned with his Ultimate Iai-ken but Negi used Flans Paries Areialis the block the heavy attack and rammed straight into Takamichi's torso.

"The challengers have collided! Was that a tackle challenger Negi just showed us? With all the smoke, I can't see a thing!" Kazumi shouted in the mic.

In the middle of the smoke, Takamichi was on one knee coughing. I see…! He used that brief moment after the launch of my own WAZA to surround himself with magic-arrows and then tackle me! He needed me to launch directly forward. He stood before me and issued that final challenge, blocking my Iai-ken with his wind barrier. It worked! Well done, Negi-kun! Takamichi said to himself as he was about to get up. "Still, it's not enough to defeat me. Negi-kun, where are you?" Takamichi asked.

Then suddenly he felt a hand on his back. He turned around and at that moment, he heard a chant, "DOMINUE AERIALIS." Takamichi turned around fully to see Negi with more orbs surrounding him. "EMITTAM!" Takamichi turned wide-eyed. A delayed spell?

"Heh heh. Can't use your 'Waza' at this distance, eh, Takamichi?" Negi said smiling. "Ultimate…Ouka Houken!" Negi called as he slammed his fist down on Takamichi combining it with the Sagitta Magica and like Takamichi's blow earlier, it left a large crater on the stage.

"D-Did you see that? Did Challenger Negi's 'Hissatsu-Waza' ultimate technique just light up the heavens or what?"Kazumi shouted into the mic. "As if that weren't enough, he then knocked his opponent flat on his back with a powerful blow! Talk about your big upsets! Like it or not, the 15 minutes are up! This match is ovah! Challenger Negi is a mess! Who's the winner of this thing? Where's Challenger Takahata? Ahh! Truly, this is the complete opposite of what we saw earlier! I-Is he dead? Let's start the count!" Kazumi started the counting, but when she reached five, Takamichi sat up.

"T-Takamichi…You're amazing!" Negi said in awe. "Didn't you feel that?"

"Oh, I felt it, all right," Takamichi replied with a grin on his face. "There aren't too many who could've withstood that, apart from Gohan-kun and his friends!"

"You're still going to fight?" asked Negi.

"Hahaha…ohh, I dunno about that. You got me pretty good. C-Considering I was going all out against someone a good 20 years younger than me, I'd say…yeah, you got me pretty good, all right," Takamichi said.

"So I?"

"Yes, Negi-kun…you win."

"Contestant Negi wins! The ten year old teacher advances to the second round!"



* * *



A few minutes later…

As the crowd surrounded Negi as he tried to get back into the arena headquarters, Takamichi was smoking a cigarette as he looked at the sight with a smile on his face. "Just like with Nagi," he said as he let out a puff of smoke from his mouth. "For just two month's time…in a year, he may even surpass me!"

"Takahata-sensei!" screamed a voice. Takamichi turned his head around to see Asuna and Setsuna walking towards him.

"Asuna-kun! Setsuna-kun! What a pleasant surprise," Takamichi said.

"T-Takahata-sensei! A-Are you okay?" asked Asuna loudly.

Takamichi let out a smile. "I'm fine," he replied. "It is, in face, what I've trained for. Besides, that was a serious thing – it ought to be expected. Though, I wished I could have faced Gohan-kun. It's a pity that I won't get to fight him. That would have been a great match."

"Huh?" sounded both Asuna and Setsuna in unsion.

"Nevermind. However, I feel I should apologize to you, Asuna-kun," Takamichi said. "It doesn't exactly sit well with me, my going so hard against a child like Negi-kun. You must have been worried."

"Eh?" Asuna sounded before flailing around her arms in protest. "N-Not at all! Wh-What's he to me anyways? B-Besides, it was you who was facing him, sensei."

Takamichi chuckled. "Yes, of course," he said. "Still, I am sorry. I did want to see Negi-kun's true strength after all."

Asuna tried to say something else but couldn't find the words as she was blushing really hard. Setsuna decided to take stage and spoke up. "Oh yeah, about what Chao-san's been up to…"

"Have you learned anything?" Takamichi asked.

"I sure have!" replied the swordswoman. "I've had my Shikigami here checking out the back of the tournament area, and she's got some interesting news to report."

Suddenly, out of nowhere, a chibi version of Setsuna appeared, surprising both Asuna and Takamichi. "Why, hello there!" greeted C-Setsuna. "I'll show you where it is, okay?"

Takamichi pondered on whether or not he should check the place out that Chibi Setsuna found. After all, he wanted to watch Asuna's and Setsuna's match but the one he wanted to see especially was the match between Gohan and Eva. Oh well, safety takes priority. "All right then," Takamichi finally said. "Now that my match with Negi-kun's over, I suppose I'd best check it out. Come to think of it, don't you two have a match next?"

Asuna flinched. She had completely forgotten about it! "You can relax," Setsuna said. "Chibi Setsuna is almost completely independent."

"And because of that, I'm really kind of stupid," added Chibi Setsuna, scratching the back of her neck.

Takamichi smiled. "Well, then, we'll be off. I'm sorry I won't be able to stay and watch your match Asuna-kun," he said.

"No-no-no!" Asuna protested. "That's okay! Really! I-I think I'd be more embarrassed if you were here, so…please! Go right ahead!" Asuna started to blush even more. She wanted him to watch her match of course, but there was something else as well. It most likely had to deal with a certain dark haired demi-saiyan.

"Asuna-kun," spoke up Takamichi, snapping Asuna out of her thoughts. "It's tomorrow I promised to go around the school festival with you, isn't it?" Asuna nodded, a heavy blush appearing on her face. "I'll be looking forward to it. There are some things I've been wanting to discuss with you."



* * *



Meanwhile…

When Negi got to the room, he slumped over and Kotarou had managed to catch him before he hit the floor. "Oi you okay Negi? Can you fight the next match?" Kotarou asked his rival/friend.

"I-I guess I'm more hurt than I thought," Negi said as Eva and Gohan walked in.

"Negi-san…you should know that he did all that he could to make sure you weren't injured, right?" Gohan said with a bit of worry in his voice. He was proud that Negi had won but he had hoped that by winning against Takamichi that it wouldn't get into his head. He remembered how Muten Roshi told him on why he participated in the Tenkaichi Budokai when Goku and Kuririn were young and how he wanted to make sure that his two students didn't get too cocky about their skills.

"But I won against Takamichi didn't you and master see?" Negi asked. Gohan facepalmed himself as he shook his head, realizing his worst fear for Negi. He was about to say something to the boy teacher, but within a second later Negi was hit in the face by Eva's fist.

"'Beat Takamichi,' my! He practically put on a bow and got under a tree for you, you…you dim-wit!" scolded the Dark Mage.

"But master…" protested Negi. He was about to ask Gohan for help but once he saw the demi-saiyan's face, he knew that Gohan wasn't going to be on his side.

"She is right Negi-san," Gohan said. "Takamichi-san could have taken you out permanently in about 10 seconds if he had gone all out from the start. He merely showed you what level you need to reach. I know you want to savor your victory but as great as your victory was, there will always be someone better. There are many more warriors more powerful still. As Muten Roshi-sama would say, the way of the warrior is not so easy that you can now be satisfied with today's performance! Your true training is only now beginning! Remember that Negi-san," Gohan said patting the kid on the head. "But regardless, you did extremely well Negi-san. I am very proud of you."

Negi nodded. "Yeah Takamichi was great. I mean, I knew he was strong, but…that strong? It was incredible." Negi said. He then turned to Gohan with determined look on his face. "Gohan-san, I will take what you said to heart!"

"I'm glad Negi-san," Gohan smiled.

"Hard to believe he can't recite spells at all," muttered the Dark mage, getting confused looks from the boys.

"What do you mean Evangeline-san?" asked Gohan.

"To have been born into the magical world and not be able to do that…that must've been rough," explained Eva. "He doesn't have a single bit of the natural ability someone like you boya was born with. Still, he's had quite a past. Then again, nearly dying in training will do that to man. So, just like what the assistant said earlier, don't you get overconfident – learn from him."

Negi nodded. "I will!"



* * *



Meanwhile…

Takahata could be seen walking in the sewage system of Mahora with a chibi-Setsuna. He had gone here to learn more about Chao's plans. "I didn't know that the drainage system was this extensive underneath Mahora," Takahata commented.

"Yes, I discovered Chao-san and her associates' room in the tower by the tournament grounds, but from there on there is a direct passage leading to this drainage system," Chibi Setsuna told him. "In the deep end of this, there is a giant space that looked like a hanger, and a room with lots of machinery."

"A research facility of some sort?"

"Most likely, but I'm not good with machines so I can't say."

"By the way chibi Setsuna-kun, being autonomous means that you and the real Setsuna-kun are not connected right?" Chibi Setsuna nodded. "You give off a cheerful feeling unlike the real one...however that seems to be changing. Does it have anything to do with the new assistant teacher?" Chibi Setsuna blushed and laughed nervously.

"Oh dear, oh dear. You ended up coming to a place like this? Are you sure that you are okay from those attacks during Negi-sensei and your battle?" Takahata looked at each end of the tunnel he was in and saw Chao and Mana standing at opposite ends.

"What's the meaning of this?" Takahata asked.

"It's my job," Mana replied.

"I'm here to make sure that you will behave properly from now until the end of the festival tomorrow," Chao explained.



* * *



Meanwhile, back at the arena…

Gohan was walking back to the spectators stands to watch the upcoming match. He decided to leave the temporary infirmary room that Negi was in when all the girls from class came bursting in. He let out a smile when all the girls surrounded their boy teacher, although he got a few questions himself especially on the outfit. Gohan tried the best he could in not telling some of the girls on how strong he was or how he could potentially face against Negi in the finals. Gohan definitely didn't want to think too far ahead. After all, he might potentially face against Goku or Vegeta if he wins against Eva. But then again, he would have to face either Asuna or Setsuna. He let out a smile. This was going to be a lot of fun.

As Gohan continued walking, he passed by the temporary dressing room where he heard two voices discussing. As he got closer to the door, he immediately recognized one of the voices to be Asuna. This can't be good, Gohan said to himself. What are they up to in there? Don't they know that the stage has been fixed? Oh well, might as well wish them luck. He was about to open the door when he heard Asuna continue her ranting. "...He's just such a kid, you know?" He heard Asuna say. "Stupid Negi. He's no cool-looking-grownup-with-amazing pecks-and-can-transform, I'll tell you that. And him all standing there and smiling like that…"

"Wh-What is it, exactly that's bothering you?" Setsuna asked. "Is it because he won't take sides? I think that's pretty teacherly of him, if you ask m–"

"And the worst part," Asuna interrupted, "is I don't think he even cares who wins the match."

"That's not true, Negi-sensei isn't a kid like tha-" Setsuna was interrupted again when Asuna replied.

"I know what he's up to, even if he doesn't! How could he have come as far as he has if he weren't?" ranted Asuna. "Just watch – he'll try and do it all by himself! He's surrounded by so-o-o many people, yet he hardly seems to notice! I think the only person he would willingly ask for help from is Gohan or Eva-chan." Gohan raised an eyebrow at that. "Why does he think I've been working so hard these past two months? And to have gotten you involved by asking you to train me."

"But Asuna-san," Setsuna said, "I kind of liked training you. Besides, Asuna-san, didn't he thank you – thank all of us – for helping him get back up?"

"You really think that?" Asuna retored. "He only thanked us because that's what a proper English gentleman does." Gohan frowned on that statement. I don't think so Asuna-san, Gohan said to himself. I think that Negi-san really did get up because of our encouragement. Gohan kept listening as they continued to talk about Negi.

"He can't help himself," continued Asuna. "He got up because of what Takahata-sensei said to him about his feelings for his father. It wasn't us cheering him." Gohan turned a bit wide-eyed. She heard him say that? Gohan asked himself. How much has Asuna-san improved?

"St-Still, don't you think that you're maybe…?"

"What, overthinking?" finished Asuna. "I don't think so. You remember that story about his past, don't you? That's just how he is. If we'd let him, he'd just keep going…all the way to the end. Overdoing it…not taking care of himself…going until he reached his father's side."

"Asuna-san, you really love Negi-sensei after all do you?" Setsuna asked. Now Gohan was interested.

"Why did it come back to that? Even though I told you Setsuna-san over and over again!"

"Well, it's just that you understand him so well..." Setsuna mumbled.

"I don't like him like that! Seriously...besides what would Gohan-kun think if he saw me liking a little ten year old brat?" Asuna asked.

"'Gohan-kun?'" Setsuna asked curiously. Even though Gohan couldn't see it, he knew at that moment Asuna was blushing red at the slip up, and that Setsuna had a twinge of jealously in her voice. "When did you stop calling him by his name alone and started using such an affectionate suffix with his name Asuna-san?"

"I didn't mean to say it like that!" he heard Asuna defend herself. "It just came out that way...Yeah! It just came out that way." It sounded as if Asuna was just trying to convince herself that instead of Setsuna. "Anyways, what I need to do is keep moving ahead, too – winning my matches! I need to come face-to-face with Negi in the ring, make the idiot see things my way!" She then fisted pumped, letting out a proclamation. "Yes, sir! I'll smack some upside that stubborn head of his if it's the last thing I do. And then, I'll hit Gohan even harder for making Negi this way. Just you wait, stupid Gohan!"

Setsuna let out a chuckle. However, she did feel slightly jealous on Asuna's statement that she was going to meet Gohan in the arena. Setsuna would not let that happen. She wanted to get in a match with Gohan and then maybe, confess her feelings for him too. "Just to let you know, I won't let you win so easily," Setsuna said.

Asuna turned her head with a grin on her face. "I wouldn't have it any other way Setsuna-san or rather 'Master.'" Setsuna nodded in agreement.

Gohan chuckled quietly as he leaned against the wall after hearing the whole conversation. The girls are highly motivated, Gohan said to himself. I wonder if I should even wish them luck. Oh well, might as well do it. As he got off the wall, Gohan noticed Kazumi walking towards his direction. "Hey Kazumi-san," he greeted her.

"Hello Gohan-kun. What are you doing here?" the reporter turned announcer greeted back.

"Well, I was going to wish the girls luck but it seems like they weren't done changing," Gohan replied. "How about you?"

"The crowd is getting restless. I'm here to get the girls." Gohan nodded and watched as the girl opened the door next to him. "Hey, what are you doing? Hurry up and change you two! The audience is waiting!" After three minutes Asuna and Setsuna walked out and saw Gohan.

"Gohan! What are you doing here?" Asuna asked surprised. He looked at them giving the two a sweet smile that made them blush. He noticed that both of them were in maid costumes. Setsuna had her hair down and had black neko ears in her hair, while Asuna had a hat.

"Just wishing you two luck that's all," Gohan replied. "Oh Setsuna-san, can I speak to you alone for a moment?"

"Sure Gohan-sensei," Setsuna replied. Asuna was a bit confused on why Gohan wanted to speak to Setsuna alone, but she decided to give them space.

"I'll be outside waiting Setsuna-san," Asuna said as she walked out the door. Once the door was closed, Gohan and Setsuna were left all alone.

"What did you want to say Gohan-sensei?" asked the swordswoman.

Gohan looked at Setsuna sternly. "I heard your conversation earlier with Asuna-san," Gohan said which caused Setsuna to flinch. Did he hear about Asuna-san's feelings towards him? Setsuna asked herself. "It seems that Asuna-san really wants to face against me, so I was going to ask to you to not be too hard on her."

Setsuna frowned her eyebrows at the statement. "Why Gohan-sensei?" she asked with a hint of anger in her voice.

"Well, I know you are stronger than Asuna-san and you can easily beat her but I want her to have a fair chance at this tournament," Gohan said.

"You know Gohan-sensei, you don't seem to have a lot of trust in Asuna-san's skill," Setsuna said sternly.

"She does have some skill," Gohan stated, "but I don't want her to get too hurt."

Jealously began to rise in Setsuna's face. "You are worried about Asuna-san's safety?"

"Well yeah," Gohan said. "I care about her safety and I care about yours as well." Setsuna flinched as she was caught by surprise by Gohan's words. He cares about me as well? Setsuna asked herself. "When I was watching Negi-san's match, I couldn't help but get worried about Negi-san's safety," explained the demi-saiyan. "I know I shouldn't because you guys volunteered for this tournament but I care about you guys. You are my friends so its obvious that I am going to worried." Setsuna started to chuckled which brought a confused look to Gohan's face. "What's so funny?"

"Nothing, nothing," waved off Setsuna. "It's nothing. I misunderstood what you were trying to say Gohan-sensei and I apologize."

"Huh?" Gohan blinked a few times. "Misunderstand what?"

Setsuna smiled. "Come on, we shouldn't let the crowd get anxious," Setsuna said as she turned around to grab her broom. However, as she was walking, Setsuna tripped herself and started to fall down.

"Setsuna-san!" Gohan cried as he rushed to save Setsuna. He stopped the swordswoman from falling down as he held on to her tightly with a hug. If someone were to come in and see this scene, they would have suspected that Gohan was embracing Setsuna tenderly. After a few seconds of 'embracing', Gohan let go a heavily blushed Setsuna. "Are you okay Setsuna-san?"

Setsuna nodded frivously. "Y-Y-Yeah I'm fine, Gohan-sensei," she said. "Let's get going."

"Sure," Gohan said as the two of them walked out of the room, thankful that no one saw what just happened. However, unknown to the two, Asuna had seen the entire thing. She was coming back to get something that she had forgotten and when she opened the door, she noticed Gohan 'embracing' Setsuna tenderly. She quietly closed the door and left. Her eyes stung with tears and her fists were shaking in both anger and sadness. She furiously wiped away the tears from her eyes, but it didn't stop the heaviness in her heart as she walked away and back to the arena.



* * *



Author's note: Hey everybody! I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter. I know it was relatively shorter than my usual chapters but in actuality, this chapter and Chapter 25 were one big chapter that I had written. And because it was so big, I had to separate it into two like I did before earlier with another chapter in the series. Even though I like writing big chapters, I think you guys would have been put off by how long the chapter really was.

Anyways, hope you guys enjoyed the fight between Takamichi and Negi. I added a few things in there so as to involve more of the DB crew especially Gohan's comments on the Kanka that Takamichi unleashes against Negi. I thought about having Negi learning both ki and magic during the Training arc before going to the Mundus Magica world, but thanks to RyumaOmega's review to an earlier chapter, I decided to add that part of having Gohan thinking of training Negi in using Kanka especially since Negi was able to perform the Kamehame-Ha against him.

And the last scene, you probably would have guess what happened there since it is well known in the manga as the most misunderstood scene in the world I believe. This is going to influence the next chapter. Trust me on this. But enough of my ranting.

READ AND REVIEW! Keep the reviews coming! Although I am in Japan working, I still enjoy reading them so keep them coming! See you guys around! Peace!





*Chapter 27*: Memories Filled with Sorrow!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. See Chapter 1 for details.

Author's note: Hey everybody! How is everybody doing? Hope everything is going well for you guys. Work has been amazing but its fricking cold here in Iwate. I knew it was going to be cold but not this cold. Oh well. It's Japan so I'm excited in spending my winter here. I also came prepared just in case.

I apologize for the short chapter in my last one. Originally, Chapter 25 and 26 were one big chapter but I decided to cut it in half to help ease your eyes in a way. I hope you guys don't mind. I know some of you were wanting to see the later matches but we will get there in time. Just be patient. I also want to thank the reviewer "Animelover2011" for reviewing every chapter. Thank you everyone for ongoing your support and keep on reading! I really appreciate it!

Anyways, I want to thank naioka1992 for beta-reading this chapter. She has been a great help as well as you guys with your awesome support. As a reward, I present to everyone Chapter 27 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 27: Misunderstandings! Memories filled with Sorrow!

"Thanks for waiting everyone!" Kazumi announced as the two girls appeared on the stage. Everyone, even some girls, blushed at the girls in their costumes. "They are the flowers of this tournament, Contestant Kagurazaka and Contestant Sakurazaki!" At that both Setsuna and Asuna blushed and sweat dropped.

"Wait a minute Asakura!" Asuna shouted.

"Thanks to the appearance of the two incredibly cute girls in maid costumes, the crowd will go wild with a different kind of anticipation!"

"What's with these costumes?" Asuna demanded.

"Well, you guys don't have the pulls like being 'last year's champions' or something of the sort. SO I'm told to make you guys cute, it's Chao's orders."

"Well, at least give me back my tights! If I move around with this, people will see my panties!" Asuna stopped talking and looked at Gohan who was talking to Goku. Gohan looked toward her and smiled causing her to blush. But then Asuna remembered the scene between him and Setsuna, making her frown and look away.

"Ara, what's wrong with Asuna?" Goku asked.

"What do you mean Dad?" the demi-saiyan said.

"Well…"

"The idiot is probably thinking that Asuna has no chance against the swordswoman," interrupted Eva. "Kagurazaka seems intent on winning, but she has absolutely no chance against a warrior from the Shinmei school."

"That's not necessarily true," Ku:Nel stated. This caused the group of girls as well Gohan and Goku to look at him. Asuna looked behind her and saw the mysterious cloaked man behind her. She was startled when he began ruffling her hair. The action made Gohan scowl but covered it up quickly.

"Wa-wa-wait a minute! What the heck are you doing all of sudden?" Asuna demanded while blushing. Eva's eyes then widened as she took notice of Ku:Nel up close.

"Wha- Y-you're..." she stuttered. Ku:Nel didn't give her time to finish and began talking to Asuna.

"Fufu...Even if I look at you this close, I still can't believe it Asuna-san," Ku:Nel stated. "You look just like a doll. For you to grow up into such an energetic and lively girl. You also seem blessed with so many friends as well."

"You seem to know a lot about Asuna-san. Are you a stalker Ku:Nel?" Gohan threatened.

"Fufu. I wouldn't say that if I were you Gohan-kun," Ku:Nel chuckled.

Gohan flinched. "H-How do you know my name?" Gohan asked.

Goku's face drew a stern look on it. "Who are you really?" he asked.

Ku:Nel chuckled. "Fufufu. Like father and son eh," the cloaked man said. "You shouldn't worry about me. Let's just say that I am on your side."

Gohan raised his eyebrows a bit. "O-Our side?"

Ku:Nel nodded his head. "But before you ask any more questions Son Gohan and Son Goku, I wish to speak more to Asuna," Ku:Nel said as he turned his attention towards Asuna. "Gatou Kagura Vandenburg was right in entrusting you to Takamichi-kun. Don't think about anything. Try making yourself into nothingness, Asuna-san. If you do just that, you should be able to do it."

"W-who are you?" Asuna asked.

"Listen when you receive Negi's magical energy don't think about anything and turn yourself into nothing," Ku:Nel continued on, completely ignoring the question. "Doing that you should be able to do the same thing that Takamichi did earlier."

"Takahata-sensei?"

"O-oi! Why are you here right now? Aren't you being sought out by a lot of people?" Eva asked Ku:Nel as he began to disappear and faded away. Angry that she lost her chance to speak to him, she turned to Gohan and pointed a finger at him. "And you how do you know this idiot?"

"I don't," Gohan replied. "I'll be going now. I want to look for Negi-san and see what is he up to. Oh and Asuna-san," Gohan turned to the girl and smiled "...good luck." Asuna had to beat down her blush before looking away with a huff. Gohan was still confused by this but didn't think much of it.

Once Gohan was out of the picture, Goku scratched the back of his neck, curious at what just had happened earlier with that cloaked man. "Man, who was that dude?"

"Grrr," growled the Dark Mage. "He's a friend of the boya's father. I can't believe he simply disappeared like that on me. I still had some questions for you Al–"

"It's Ku:Nel Sanders," said the reappeared cloaked man. "Just as listed on the tournament boards. Call me 'Ku:Nel' please."

"You've got to be kidding!" screamed angrily the chibi vampire. "Where have you been all this time? And how is it you know about Kagurazaka?"

"Don't tell me you didn't know, Evangeline-san," chuckled the mysterious cloaked man. "In that case, let's just…keep it secret. At least, for the time being." Ku:Nel let out a smile, drawing some tick marks on Eva's face. Goku looked at Ku:Nel, then Eva, then back at Ku:Nel, then at Eva, noticing the growing tick marks on her face. If she was getting irritated by this cloaked man, then this guy must be strong. After all, he had noticed his strength during the fight against Ku Fei. Goku let out a huge grin on his face. This was getting exciting!

"Asuna-san," said Ku:Nel as he walked up to Asuna. "You want strength, you say? To protect Gohan-kun, yes? If so, allow me to lend you a hand. If only so that, for your own sake, you need never watch someone die again."



* * *



A few minutes later…

The battle was set to start. Gohan, while walking, watched as Setsuna walked onto the stage with a broom in place of her sword and Asuna had her harisen. He let out a small smile. This battle was surely going to get interesting; however he needed to get a seat close enough to watch the match. Maybe Negi had found a place to watch. Gohan immediately walked towards the standings, looking around for Negi's ki but couldn't find it. Damn, Gohan said to himself, Negi-san is getting better at masking his ki. I guess I should be proud of that fact since I was the one who taught him that technique. Maybe I should look for Kotarou-san's instead.

He looked around until he finally spotted Kotarou's ki. He let out a smile as he walked through the crowd until he finally arrived to his destination. He noticed two small people standing at the front of the railing. One was covered in a magic cloak and the other was wearing a beanie hat. Gohan immediately recognized who they were. "Hey guys!" Gohan greeted.

Negi and Kotarou turned around, flinching at seeing Gohan standing before. "Gohan-san!" greeted the boy teacher.

"Yo Gohan-nii-san!" said the hanyou.

Gohan let out a smile but then he noticed the people around Negi and Kotarou and recognized them as Chisame and Chachamaru! "Chisame-san! What are you doing here?" asked the demi-saiyan.

Chisame turned around, shocked to see her assistant teacher here before her. A slight blush appeared on her face as she closely looked at Gohan's appearance. He definitely looks good in orange that's for sure, Chisame said to herself before shaking her head to get rid of those thoughts. "Negi-sensei invited me here," Chisame answered. "What are you doing here Gohan-sensei?"

"I'm here to watch the match," Gohan said with his Son grin. "Besides mine is after this."

"You're fighting too Gohan-sensei?" Chisame asked, unsure if she heard right.

"Of course!" Gohan replied. Chisame's eyebrows twitched a bit. What is up with these people? She asked herself.

Setsuna and Asuna stood opposite each other on the stage, both with smiles on their faces. "Here we go master," Asuna said as she prepared herself.

"Okay," Setsuna replied in kind as she got herself in a fighting position.

'Remember turn yourself into nothingness Asuna-san. The world in your left hand and yourself in your right hand, the world and you are one, yourself is merely the window to…' spoke a voice in Asuna's head.

"Wait a minute; don't just suddenly talk to me in my head. I can't understand all that confusing stuff," Asuna said out loud, confusing the people around her a bit. Gohan was curious though at who she was talking to. Could it be telepathy? Gohan asked himself. But from who?

'Well I suppose it mean for you to blank out,' spoke the voice as Asuna recognized it to belong to Ku:Nel.

"If it's blanking out, I'm good at that but…"

Before she could continue speaking though, she was interrupted by Kazumi. "Now then round 5…Start" Kazumi shouted. At Kazumi's signal, Setsuna struck first but surprisingly Asuna managed to block the first strike. The two quickly ran by each other, trading swings of their weapons: Asuna's harisen and Setsuna's broom. "Round 5, the match between contestant Kagurazaka and contestant Sakurazaki, begins with anticipation but…this is…"

Setsuna then used shundo to surprise attack Asuna but Asuna managed to block again. Asuna pivoted on her foot, and brought her harisen towards Setsuna's head. Setsuna ducked downward, with her feet on the back. Using the momentum of the dodge, she brought her feet up and kicked Asuna into the air. While there they kept exchanging blows between them, creating small shockwaves that if the audience was a wee bit closer, they would have felt it.

As they kept exchanging blow in the air, Gohan kept watching in awe as the two girls were fighting. After a couple of seconds they came back down and landed on the floor. "This is unexpected!" Kazumi shouted. "The maid-uniform-wearing high school girls are fighting way beyond everyone's expectation! It seems that the intensity from the previous matches has not dropped at all! It's obvious, but the male crowds who are seeing this are applauding with praises!"

"She certainly has gotten better…" Gohan said.

"She is simply amazing!" complimented Negi.



* * *



Meanwhile…

"Why does Kagurazaka Asuna seem to have that much physical ability? I'd understand if she trained with the assistant and the others but simply because she's a brute strength baka doesn't explain it!" Eva said incredulously.

"Those are the original talents of Asuna-san," Ku:Nel said appearing once again, surprising everyone around Eva except for Goku who knew where the cloaked man. Eva then remembered him ruffling her hair when back then, she didn't think too much about it.

"That's right what did you do to that girl back there?" Eva asked.

Ku:Nel smiled and in a sing song voice, he answered, "As it…all I did was give her a little push. How about this Evangeline…old friend, shall we make a bet? I will bet on the victory of Asuna-san," Ku:Nel suggested.

"What? And what is your wager?" Eva asked.

"Information about Asuna-san," Ku:Nel replied.

"Hmph…fine it doesn't matter what you did, I can't imagine that girl defeating Sakurazaki," Eva said with a confident smile on her face.

"Then it means that the bet is on right?" Ku:Nel smirked as he started conjuring something in his head. "That's right…then in the occasion where the Shinmeiryuu swordsman loses…" From out of nowhere he pulled out a school one piece swim suit, "I will have you enter the next match wearing this school swimsuit," Ku:Nel said with a chuckle and a perverted grin on his face. Goku sweat-dropped. This guy and Muten Roshi would make great friends.



* * *



Meanwhile, Asuna and Setsuna continued to parry each other's attacks. While Setsuna was pondering how Asuna had achieved such skill so quickly, Asuna was looking around for Gohan. When she finally spotted him, she stopped her attack and turned her attention towards the demi-saiyan. "Gohan!" Asuna shouted making Gohan look at her on the stage. The girls stopped fighting and she was staring at the moment. Gohan looked at her specifically, his onyx eyes meeting her heterochromatic ones. "I'll show you that I'm a better choice than her..." Asuna said as she pointed at Setsuna. This got confused looks from everyone.

"Oh is this be a brave confession right in the middle of a match?" Kazumi shouted in the mic. Gohan also noticed a twinge of jealousy in the voices of both girls. Asuna's face blushed.

"You're wrong! I didn't mean it like that!" Asuna defended. Gohan however was glad for what she just said though, it made all the guys looking at her murmur and look at him. "Damn it in front of the giant crowd again…" she muttered as she suddenly felt a little weak.

'Seems your low on gas, can't be helped since it's your first time,' spoke Ku:Nel's voice in Asuna's head.

"You again?" she asked

'Now one more time, do what I told you to do earlier,' Ku:Nel said in her mind.

"But I still don't get anything at all…" she tried to say.

'It's okay just do it.'

With that she took out both her hands as they started to emit a strange glow around them. "Umm, magic power in the left hand, Ki in the right hand and then…combine." When she brought her hands together, a shockwave similar to that Takamichi's was released as Asuna was surrounded in a bright glow of power. Everyone in the crowd was in awe at the sight.

Gohan turned a bit wide-eyed. "Asuna-san knows that technique as well?" Gohan exclaimed. When did she learn that technique?

"I-Incredible," muttered Negi, obviously in awe at Asuna's power and the fact that she even knew a technique that Takamichi had just shown to him for the first time. "What is that skill?"

"It's called Kanka," said a voice behind the group. Gohan, Negi, Kotarou and Chisame all turned around to see Piccolo walking towards them. Chisame shrieked when she saw the Namekian, due to the fact that he was green.

"Piccolo-san," Gohan said. "You know what this technique is?"

Piccolo nodded. "Of course. Kami knew about it when he was overlooking the Heavenly Realm. Kanka is a technique that requires great skill in order to enrobe one's self in a fusion of ki and magic as a means to great power," Piccolo explained. "But not just anyone can combine these two opposing energies."

"I see," Negi said. It must have taken a great deal of practice for Takamichi to achieve the Kanka technique. However, the fact that if Takamichi can do it, so could he. He definitely needed to do some research on this skill. It might help him in using ki attacks such as the Kamehame-Ha. Chisame, meanwhile, looked at Piccolo and his explanation weirdly. Kami? Ki? Magic? Heavenly Realm? What the hell is this guy talking about? Chisame asked herself.



* * *



Meanwhile…

"Impossible! Magic Ki syntheses took Takamichi years to learn at my resort. For her to do that easily…" said Eva in not believing what she was seeing.

"True, but for Asuna-san, who's an amateur at many things, she is unable to go head to head with the current Takamichi-kun, but even then she still has a lot of power," Ku:Nel explained.

"And why can that girl use it?" Eva asked, worrying that she'd end up in the swimsuit now.

"Huhuhu I wonder why," Ku:Nel smirked as Goku held Eva back from hitting the man.

"Vampire lady calm down and just watch the match," he told her as she turned to the stage where the two girls were still battling on equal terms.

As the match continued on, Eva's teeth started to clench together. This was not good for her. "Ehh Setsuna what are you wasting time for on the likes of Kagurazaka Asuna? Beat her in 5 seconds! No, strike that…kill her," she shouted.

Ku:Nel smiled as he decided to step in. "Evangeline…shall we take the stakes even higher?" he asked. "My wager is Nagi Springfield…information on the Thousand Master," offered the cloaked man, catching Eva off guard. "What do you think? Will you stay on the bet?"

Within a second, Eva gave her answer. "Of course I'll stay on the bet," she said, not realizing that she was getting played.

"Huhuhu understood, well then for you…let's add neko mimi and glasses and sailor clothes" he said with a gleam in his eye. Goku and Eva face-faulted when they saw that.

"Stop Screwing Around!" she said furious at the man. Goku let out a laugh. This dude and Roshi would have made great friends.

"This is the 5th match, contestant Kagurazaka vs. contestant Sakurazaki. An astounding display of attacks and defences; as if both of them were dancing" said Kazumi.

Eva was currently lost in thought as she watched the match. If Setsuna wins in this match, it's my victory and I will obtain information about the Thousand Master. But if Kagurazaka Asuna wins, it's my defeat and I'll get stuck having to enter the next match in a ridiculous outfit and in front of him too,' she thought with a blush. "Thousand Master…Nagi…" she muttered

"Really looking forward to the result aren't we?" chuckled Ku:Nel.

"Shut up!"

The fight meanwhile went on between the two. 'How is it that a civilian like Asuna-san can use the Kanka technique? However, she's doing it…depending on how she trains, she really could be an incredible fighter! thought Setsuna.

'Seems like I'm getting a steady flow of power…I don't think I'll be able to best Setsuna-san. But at this rate I can really show Gohan I am as strong as the others and that I can look after him and Negi…' thought Asuna.

The crowd continued to gawk in amazement at the battle and Asuna's skill including Takane, Negi Kotaro and Gohan. 'Asuna-san' called Ku:Nel mentally.

"What is it Ku:Nel-san? I'm in the middle of something right now…" she asked back.

'Setsuna-san is still underestimating you, rather she is holding back. If you seize this chance you will be able to easily defeat her right now. Are you listening? Please move according to my instructions…'

Setsuna attacked but Asuna ducked under the swing and attacked back at her right arm before using her right shoulder and diving into Setsuna. This knocked Setsuna down as Asuna stood over her shocking Setsuna as she didn't expect Asuna's moves then again Asuna didn't expect them to be so effective. However Setsuna flipped back on to her feet smiling "Incredible…those movements just now were wonderful Asuna-san," spoke an excited Setsuna.

"Eh…wait a…Setsuna-san…that wasn't…" Asuna stuttered.

Back at the stands Gohan and Negi stared at the match with interest. Gohan had a big smile on his face. This is incredible! Gohan said to himself. For Asuna-san to have come this far with Setsuna-san, it is impressive! I know she trains really hard but I am curious as to what kind of training could she have possibly done in order to get to this point? Gohan moved his eyes to Negi and noticed that the boy teacher was focusing all of his attention to Asuna. But because of that, Negi was unconsciously channeling more magical power into Asuna distracting her momentarily. Seeing her chance, Setsuna went to attack but under instruction Asuna ducked under the blow and struck back at Setsuna.

"This is…contestant Kagurazaka with her harisen made of unknown metal is slowing and suppressing contestant Sakurazaki's attacks with her deck brush, will she take control at this rate?" shouted Kazumi as Setsuna was beginning to be pushed back.

"Sakurazaki!" screamed a voice, causing the two girls to stop fighting momentarily. "As a Kyoto Shinmeiryuu swordsman just like Eishun, how can you not be able to handle an amateur who's only powered up a little? Defeat her now, I will not allow you to lose!" Eva fumed. The vampire then jumped onto Ku:Nel's shoulder and began to choke him. "You better win Sakurazaki! If you lose something embarrassing will happen to me! If you dare lose-I will make you do something just as bad, no worse humiliation then me! I will see to it that your precious ojou-sama see it as well!" Eva finished the sentence as a dark aura engulfed her and was sweating like crazy. Gohan tried to imagine what she would do...a sudden cold chill went down his spine. I rather not imagine that, Gohan said to himself.

"Seems like there's some trouble from the contestant seats. But both the grounds and the match's content are heating up, now who will win?" Kazumi said to the crowd.

'Hmm…if possible I didn't want to have to use Shinmei-ryu techniques in front of this huge audience but it can't be helped. Besides Asuna-san has worked hard to come this far, it'd be rude if I didn't fight seriously now,' thought Setsuna as she prepared to take the battle to the next level.

'Now then next…' Ku:Nel began to say

"Ku:Nel-san I don't need advice so uh please stop!" Asuna said.

"Why?" Ku:Nel replied.

"Because it's unfair!"

"Wasn't there a reason for you winning this match?"

"A-anyway there is no meaning in this if I don't fight with my own strength! If I don't show my seriousness, I feel like I won't be able to face those two idiots...so let me do this myself!" Asuna shouted.

"Is that all right with you then?" Ku:Nel asked Asuna. "If you don't you will lose..."

"Shinmei-Ryuu Ougi, Zankuushou San!" Setsuna cried as she fired multiple Ki shots out of her blade at Asuna. This attack made Asuna fall to the floor. 'Certainly just like you said, there are dangers for both Negi-kun and Gohan-kun. Even I know that Son Gohan still hides pain, don't you want to be there to help him through it?' Ku:Nel said, which unintentionally, did something to Asuna. Gohan noticed her eyes seemed to glaze over as something occurred to her.

"Negi-san, let me look into her mind," Gohan told his friend.

"Why?" the young mage-in-training asked. "What is wrong with Asuna-san?"

"Just do it please!" Gohan told him. Negi nodded and continued to chant some spell. Gohan grabbed onto Negi and saw what was happening in Asuna's mind.



* * *



-Asuna's Mindscape-

Gohan found himself floating in the air as he was in the forest somewhere looking around he saw a group of people. An old man, a younger man who looked familiar to him and a young... "Is that Asuna-san?" Gohan asked himself.

"Yo Takamichi, can you give me a light? This is my last smoke..." the old man grunted. The old man took a drag from the cancer stick. "Ah-sweet. Go on now, I'll mange here somehow." That was when Gohan noticed how severely injured the man was. The old man turned towards the young Asuna and chuckled a bit. "What's wrong little lady? Are you crying? Showing your tears...That's a first. Hehe I'm happy."

"M-master..." the young man stuttered.

"Takamichi...," Gohan's eyes widened as he saw the young Takamichi. "About her memories, erase the parts about me will ya?"

"Wha-What are you talking about Master!'

"She won't be needing it from now on..."

"N-no. Nagi is gone. Now Ojiisan is too..." Chibi Asuna cried. The old man patted her head and smiled at her.

"Live a happy life little lady. You have that right..." Gohan had to turn away from the heart breaking scene as it was too much for him.

"You can't Gatou-san! I don't want you to die!"

After that the images in Asuna's mind started to storm around in confusion as Gohan kept watching. He was surprised as all the emotions of sadness and anger latched onto a scene that made his eyes nearly pop out of his sockets. The scene where him and Setsuna were apparently hugging only minutes before the fight. "No, that's not what it looks like," Gohan said. "Setsuna-san tripped and I caught her. Crap what have I done? I need to explain this to her. Where is the exit?" That was when something went wrong. The area around Gohan started to swirl as the demi-saiyan began to show nervousness in his movements. He looked around, trying to figure out what was going on. Then, something happened as Gohan grabbed his head in pain. "WH-WHAT IS GOING ON? MY HEAD…IN PAIN!" He shouted as the swirls congregated and shot themselves at Gohan, encasing him in total blackness.



* * *



Asuna shook her head. "Where am I?" She said as she looked around area. "The last thing I remember was the guy who was Takahata-sensei's master dying before me and then the Budokai arena. But what is this place? And why does it feel so familiar?" She looked around to see she was standing in a plateau area with plenty of cliffs and grass around here. However, the more she looked around, the more she noticed the different cracks and craters that were in the area. She walked around a bit, trying to figure out where she was until finally, she heard a scream.

"HYAAAAAH!" screamed a voice that sounded awfully familiar to Asuna's ears. She ran towards the voice, jumping over the rocks and other obstacles in her path. She had looked down on where she was going, she would have the piles of dead bodies around her. Asuna kept on running and running but the more she ran, the farther the voice got. She decided to jump in order to see if she had gotten any closer, but as she jumped, she felt something weird. She was flying! No way, she thought. Then that means...

Asuna had to be sure. She flew towards the voice when suddenly a giant shockwave flew right at her. Asuna braced her for impact. Once the shockwave passed, she continued on until finally she reached to an area where there were a lot of people in. And these same people had familiar faces to them! Asuna turned wide-eyed as she recognized certain faces. She immediately recognized Piccolo and Vegeta. It took her a while to recognize Goku in his Super Saiyan state but had some bruises and cuts on his body. She recognized Kuririn due to his face but the guy was bald! She was going to make fun of him later because of that.

Then she noticed four people that she had never met before although one looked very similar to…Trunks? What is Trunks-chan doing here? Asuna asked herself. And why does he look a lot older? Could this be the future? She looked at the other two people. One had spikey black hair and a scar running across his face. He wore the colors of the Kame school of martial arts like Goku and Kuririn. The other person was wearing a white shirt and green pants. The most interesting feature of this person's appearance was his third eye. The other person was a tall white male with orange hair. He wore a green vest with a black undergear underneath. On his vest, there was the insignia of the Capsule Corporation. Where am I? Asuna wondered.

Then she felt a shockwave behind her. She turned around to see pebbles flying towards her. She covered herself, bracing for impact. However, she didn't feel a thing as the pebbles went right through her. She looked back and forth at the rocks and at her body. She was still clothed but somehow felt different. A bright light shone from the direction of the pebbles, causing her to turn her attention. Before her there were two figures, one taller than the other. The tall figure had a light-green colored exoskeleton with black spots and had black sections located on his shoulders and chest. On his back there were two black wings. The metal plates on his ankles were shaded black. His skin was pale white all in his face and hands. His face had purple lines on both sides of his cheeks, and a yellow line ran across from his ears to chin. Asuna immediately recognized who this figure was when she saw his pink eyes. It was…Cell! The maniacal Artificial Human! N-No way! If Cell is here then that means…

Asuna turned her head towards the other figure who was walking towards Cell. This figure donned a purple dogi with a blue sash around his waist. He wore brown boots and had blue wristbands. He was relatively built for someone of his size, but what caught Asuna's attention was his wild spikey hair, his jade eyes and that his hair was gold too! This guy was a Super Saiyan! Asuna looked closer at the young Super Saiyan's face and noticed something familiar about it. Then she realized who it was. It was Son Gohan! If this is Gohan then that means I'm in the past, Asuna deducted. Did I go back in time? No, if I did, then someone would have spotted me. This means that I am in Gohan's memories. Maybe I am getting to the part where Gohan crushes that monster! However, she heard some words that she never would have expected to hear from Gohan.

"L-Let's stop this already," spoke the young Gohan. "This fight is meaningless."

Asuna was caught completely by surprise. Gohan…saying a fight was meaningless? Was this the same Gohan that she knew? It couldn't be! Gohan would have definitely fought against this monster with all his might after killing so many people. Meanwhile, Cell laughed at the young demi-saiyan's words. "Are you losing your nerve, kid?" Cell said. "Of all the things you could have said, you're telling me to put a stop to the Cell Games because they're meaningless?"

Gohan nodded. "Yeah," he said.

"There is meaning to them!" Cell responded. "For me, this is a pastime. I am going to defeat you, and then little by little, I will take my time to kill all of humanity. If you wish to save the Earth…"

"I-I really don't want to fight you," interrupted Gohan. "I don't want to kill you. Even though you're as evil as you are…" Asuna couldn't believe what she was hearing. What was Gohan thinking? Cell was a monster and needed to be stopped! So why not fight him? She wondered. But the demi-saiyan continued, "I don't like fighting and stuff the way Father does."

Cell smirked. "I can understand well enough why you don't like to fight," Cell said. "But I can't understand what you mean by saying you wouldn't want to kill me. You couldn't kill me in a hundred years! How about it? Am I wrong?"

Gohan didn't show any different expression as he remained firm in front of the diabolical Artificial Human. "I'm beginning to understand more and more why it is that Father said I'm the only one who could defeat you, Cell," he said, catching Cell by surprise a bit.

"What is this?" Cell said. "You say you can defeat me?"

"Ever since I was little, whenever I flew into a rage, things have happened that not even I understood," explained Gohan. "When I fly off the handle, I seem to go beyond my own will and start fighting hysterically with amazing power. And now that I've trained in the Room of Spirit and Time, I've powered up. Father took that into account…But if it comes to that, I'm sure I will kill you."

Asuna's eyes were wide after hearing that story. It made sense on why Gohan didn't like to fight. If he lost himself in the fight, no one would come out unscathed. She turned her head to see what Cell's reaction would be and let's just say his reaction was quite unexpected. Cell let out a smile as he started to chuckled. Then the chuckle turned to a full-blown laughter as Cell looked at Gohan with interest in his eyes. "That's an interesting story! You blew it." Gohan turned wide-eyed a bit and so did Asuna. "Did you think I would be scared off by hearing that story?" Cell asked.

"Eh?"

"You really are a brat," Cell said. "On the contrary, now I want to make you angry, no matter what. I want to have a look at this so-called hidden power you have!" With that, Cell sent out a devastating punch to Gohan's face, sending him flying backwards.

"Come on, come on, come on!" Cell yelled as he continued to punch and kick the defenseless demi-saiyan until finally Gohan landed on the ground face first. Cell then planted his foot on Gohan's head, trying to smash it and get him angry. "Come on, now…" Cell taunted. "Get angry! Get angry and show me your true power!" Cell grabbed the demi-saiyan by the collar and continued his assault on Gohan with a variation of kicks and punches. "Get angry!" Cell kept on punching and kicking poor Gohan. Asuna clenched her fists as she watched Gohan get tortured by the monstrous Artificial Human. After being sent flying by Cell's punches, Gohan decided to fight back as he avoided a punch by the Artificial Human and jumped in the air. He quickly engulfed himself in a blazing golden aura and gave a hard kick to Cell.

Cell was sent flying to the ground. He got up but without any injury as a stream of purple blood came out of his mouth. With a swipe of his thumb, Cell cleaned off the blood and looked at it for a second before brushing it away. "Son Gohan, no matter what it takes, I'm going to make you angry," Cell said with a grin on his face.

Asuna clenched her fists. Gohan was in trouble! There was only one person who could save him…Mister Satan! She rushed over where she noticed where the big and hunky Mister Satan was at. As she approached his position, she heard the commentator that was there. He wore a dark blue suit with a red tie and had an armband that said ZTV. He wore glasses and had a mustache on his face. "If nobody defeats Cell in these Cell Games, every person on Earth is going to be killed," mentioned the commentator to the camera. "And yet, is that young boy the only one will fight the ferocious Cell? Isn't there anybody else?" He turned to Mister Satan and asked, "Mister Satan, is your stomachache still bothering you?"

"It's still stinging!" Satan said as he clenched his stomach strongly, trying to pass off his fake illness. Asuna semi-closed her eyes at seeing Mister Satan fake an illness in order to avoid fighting.

"Our star of hope, Mister Satan, is still suffering from his stomachache! Is there no savior who can reclaim our future for us?" the commentator said to the camera. Asuna shook her head. How dumb was I to believe that Mister Satan could have actually helped Gohan? She asked herself. I better check on Gohan! With that she floated away, back to where Gohan and Cell were at.

Back at the battlefield, Cell and young Gohan continued to stare down at each other. Cell had an evil grin on his face as he spoke, "Son Gohan, you will show me your so-called hidden power."

Cell launched Freeza's Death ray repeatedly, causing Gohan to dodged each one. "That's the technique that Freeza used!" screamed Kuririn, remembering full well that technique.

After dodging the beams for a while, Gohan flew backwards and away from Cell as to avoid the beams. However, Cell anticipated that as he suddenly disappeared. Catching Gohan off-guard, Cell appeared right in front of him and bear-hugged Gohan. He laughed out loud as Gohan screamed out in pain. "Well, what's the matter? This hurts, right? Get angry! You don't want to die like this, do you?"

"Gohan…" muttered Asuna, clenching her fists as she watched the scene, unable to do anything.

"Well, what's wrong?" asked Cell. "Why do you hesitate? Your bones are going to break! You couldn't dislike fighting so much that you would rather endure this."

Gohan continued to scream. Asuna looked at where Goku and the others were at. "What is Goku-san thinking? He should help out his son!" she shouted as she floated near their position.

As she got close-by, she heard part of Piccolo's conversation with Goku. "Dammit, I can't take this any more!" screamed Piccolo. "Goku! I don't care what you say, I'm going to go help Gohan!"

"Wait, Piccolo!" Goku said. "Frankly, he ain't the sort of opponent you can handle! Just a little longer…wait, just a little bit longer."

"Wait, you say?" retorted Piccolo. "What do you mean? Are you saying that I should wait while he gets killed like this?"

Asuna clenched her teeth. "That's right! Can't I do something?" She shouted to no one in particular. She rushed over to Gohan's position. "Gohan! Fight it! You must!" However, she realized that her cries could not be heard since these events were past events and thus could not be changed. They were the memories of Son Gohan.

"Get angry," Cell taunted. "This isn't enough? It must hurt, right? Your anger has to be welling up!" The evil Artifical Human continued to squeeze the life out of the young demi-saiyan. Suddenly though, he let go of Gohan, surprising everyone including Asuna. She thought that Cell would kill Gohan right then and there but why did the monster do that? What was his reason?

Gohan panted heavily for air as Cell looked at the young demi-saiyan from above. "You're a stubborn one! It would appear that your own pain alone will not bring your anger to a boil…Okay then, how about we take it up with your friends?"

Gohan turned wide-eyed when he heard that and so did Asuna. "N-N-No way!" she said. This guy was a monster!

"Stop!" yelled Gohan as Cell flew towards Goku and the other's position, stealing a brown bag from Kuririn's grasp. But why? Asuna wondered. What's in that bag?

Cell flew back to where Gohan was with an evil grin on his face. "It's not even worth my trouble to take on the likes of them," Cell said.

"W-What are you planning to do?" asked Gohan.

"Whatever I want to!" Cell answered. "If that's what it takes to make you angry enough to exhibit your so-called true power. You have a peculiar way of enduring pain, so now your friends are going to get hurt."

"D-Don't do it, please! I can't control it under my own power! That's why…"

Cell chuckled. "That's why I'm going to hurt your friends, in order to draw your power out!" Cell said.

"Damn you!" screamed Gohan as he tried to attack Cell, only to be brushed aside by the evil Artificial Human.

"If you're going to get angry, then get full-on angry!" Cell said. However, he felt something behind him and turned around to see a giant man coming towards him! The giant man grabbed him hard, getting a surprised look from Cell's face. "N-No. 16!"

Asuna raised her eyebrow. "No. 16?" she said. Some reason, that name felt very familiar to her. That was when she remembered something that Gohan had once told her. I remember him! Gohan told us about an Artificial Human by the name of No. 16 who loved and cherished life. Originally his mission was to kill Goku-san but had changed his mind when Cell had appeared. So that's him huh, she said to herself as she looked at the Artificial Human and wondered what he was going to do. She was surprised that the Artificial Human was able to get behind Cell so easily.

"Let's get in there too!" shouted Piccolo.

"W-Wait! Stay back!" No. 16 shouted back at the Goku and his friends. "I'm going to blow myself up, together with Cell!"

"What?" Asuna spoke to no one in particular.

"I've got a powerful self-destruct device equipped within my body," explained the Artificial Human. "It is my final, hidden power. Forgive me for forcing the rest of you to get caught up with this and become casualties!" No. 16 then turned his attention towards Cell. "Cell! No matter how powerful you might be, at this close range, you'll be blown to bits! This is where it ends, Cell! Both you and I are going to be blown to smithereens!" Cell tried the best he could to escape from No. 16's grasp but was unable to. "This is where the schemes of Doctor Gero," continued No. 16," who created us Artificial Humans, and planned to conquer the world, all fall apart!"

"Here goes!" No. 16's body then started to light up, as if something big was going to happen. Everyone, including Asuna, covered up their eyes from the light of the explosion. However, a few seconds later, nothing happened. The light died down from No. 16's body.

"W-Why?" asked No. 16. "Why don't I explode?"

"N-No. 16!" spoke up Kuririn. "You…can't self-destruct!" Everyone turned wide-eyed at the statement! He couldn't explode! "I heard it from Bulma-san," continued Kuririn. "The doc…the doc removed the bomb that was concealed within your body!"

Cell laughed. "Hahahahaha. Too bad about that, huh No. 16? Although, I doubt I would have died from your bomb anyhow." Cell broke away from No. 16's grasp and put out his palm to the Artificial Human's chest. Suddenly a ray of ki came out of Cell's hand, effectively tearing apart No. 16's body! Everyone was shell-shocked! Gohan and Asuna couldn't believe it! No one could!

Cell turned around and placed his foot on the No. 16's head that was still intact. "No. 16, it would appear that you were one of Doctor Gero's failed models after all," Cell said as he kicked away No. 16's head, which incidentally landed near Mister Satan.

Cell turned his head towards the cliff where Goku and the others were. "Well now, is there no one who will come after me next?"

Asuna clenched her fists. If she was there, she would have gone and helped out the younger version of Gohan. However, she couldn't now and felt so helpless as she watched Cell turn his attention towards Gohan. "Son Gohan, apparently you still haven't come around, huh? But you watch, I will make you angry, no matter what!"

Cell then turned around again as he counted the number of fighters on the hill. "One, two, three, four, five, six, seven…Seven altogether, huh? All right!" With a swift movement of his arms downward, Cell let out a yell as his wings opened up, revealing a small tail. The tip of the tail expanded and shot out several things out of it!

Asuna was shocked when she saw these things stand up. These things looked a lot like Cell except they had a blue exoskeleton instead of green and they were small! "Kekekeke," sounded the small blue Cell-look alikes.

"What are they?" Asuna asked to no one in particular as she was shell-shocked at the sight.

"Now then, my Cell Juniors," Cell said, "your opponents are those seven who are on that rock over there. Do them harm. If you like, you can kill them. I don't mind." Gohan and Asuna turned wide-eyed. He said what! Cell folded his arms and let out a command to his Cell Juniors, "Go!"

The Cell Juniors flew towards the Z senshi. Vegeta and Trunks turned into Super Saiyans as the Z Senshi prepared themselves for the incoming attack. Cell chuckled. "It's useless," he said. "There's absolutely no way you will beat them. They may be small, but they are still my children."

The Cell Juniors then appeared right in front of the Z senshi. Each Cell Junior fought against a warrior of the Z senshi. All of them were fighting equally and though the Z senshi seemed to be winning at first, the tide started to turn towards the Cell Juniors favor as some of the Z senshi such as Kuririn, Yamucha and Tenshinhan struggled against the Cell Juniors and they were being beaten badly. Goku was as well, probably because of him using his energy beforehand. Gohan and Asuna could only watch the horror, clenching their fits and teeth. Asuna turned her head, ready to ask on why doesn't Gohan show his power already. She noticed that Gohan's hair was moving up and his power rising as he was clenching his teeth and watching the scene with anger on his face.

"Kuririn-san!" yelled Gohan as Kuririn landed in front of him, Asuna and Cell. Suddenly a Cell Junior came flying down and landed a devastating knee strike to Kuririn's back, effectively breaking it! Kuririn could only yell out in pain as the Cell Junior continued to punish the poor monk. Gohan clenched his fists and teeth in anger.

"Oh?" Cell said, turning his head as he noticed a subtle difference in Gohan. "Your ki has started to swell up ever so slightly, huh? Good," grinned the monstrous Artificial Human. "Apparently, you've started to feel angry. Unless you show your true power soon, nothing else is going mend matters. Take a good look, Vegeta and Trunks are barely holding their own. And with his strength gone, Son Goku is at risk, too."

Asuna looked up, noticing that Cell was right. Vegeta and Trunks were holding against the onslaught of the Cell Juniors, but the others weren't so lucky as one of the Cell Juniors broke Yamucha's arm, while Goku was kneed in the gut hard by another one of the Cell Juniors. Asuna clenched her fists as well. If someone had noticed her, they would have noticed a significant amount of ki coming from Asuna and rising!

Tears started to come out of their eyes as they couldn't watch anymore of this horror show that was being displayed in front of them. Their anger was boiling! "S-Stop!" yelled Gohan, hoping for someone to listen to him, but to no avail. The Cell Juniors kept on hurting the Z senshi with a look of pleasure on their faces. "I'm asking you to stop, aren't I?"

Asuan turned her head. "Gohan…"

Cell let out an evil smirk. "All right, Cell Juniors! That's enough playing around!" He shouted as he gave out one last command. "You can kill them if you like." Gohan's and Asuna's turned wide-eyed at the statement! No he couldn't! Gohan and Asuna clenched their fists and teeth even harder! "Do it! Kill them!"

Suddenly out of nowhere, a head came rolling towards their position. Asuna looked closer at the head and noticed that it was No. 16! What was he doing here? Wasn't he dead? "N-No. 16…" said Gohan.

"S-Son Gohan…" spoke the head of No. 16 which caught Gohan and Asuna by surprise. "It is no sin to fight for what is right. There are opponents with which you cannot talk things out. Set your spirit free to your anger. I know how it feels. You just can't take it any longer."

Cell chuckled as he unfolded his arm and turned towards No. 16's head. "Oh?" He said as he walked towards the head. "That's good advice. However, I'm…I'm doing things my way."

No. 16 let out a smile as he continued to talk. "Gohan…" he said. "Nature, and the animals that I, too, liked…D-Defend them for me…I'm counting on you…" Suddenly, a foot came crashing down on No. 16's head, tearing it apart, with parts and fluids gushing out. One piece of machinery that seemed to be the life chip of the Artificial Human which flickered for a few seconds until it finally died down and was off permanently. Gohan and Asuna turned wide-eyed at the sight.

"Nobody asked you, you factory defect!" Cell said. Asuna couldn't believe, after being told of the stories of No. 16, that he had met such a fate against Cell. It was not fair! Not fair at all! He was a peaceful, loving person and although he was an Artificial Human, he still loved the Earth much like everyone did. It was not fair! Not fair! It was like with her before as well. She had seen an intimate scene between Gohan and Setsuna and couldn't believe it! It was not fair! Asuna's anger kept rising and rising until suddenly, something in her mind started to slip away...



* * *



-Real World-

"RAAAAAAAAGH!" screamed out Gohan as he held his head in utter pain. Everyone around him took a step backwards except for Negi, who was getting worried.

"Gohan-san!" Negi said. He was about to say something else until he noticed Gohan's face. His face was showing extreme pain as tears started to come out of his eyes. Negi was gaping at the sight. What was going on with Son Gohan? Suddenly the air around the demi-saiyan started to pick up, pebbles rising and surrounding Gohan. Everyone was in awe and with curiosity at what was happening at Gohan. Negi tried to analyze every possibility of what was happening to Gohan. Could it be that the memory sharing spell backfired somehow?

Then something out of Gohan's mouth surprised the boy teacher as the demi-saiyan kept repeating the same word. "Cell…Cell…" Negi and Piccolo turned wide-eyed when they heard that name. Negi knew to whom Gohan was referring to. After Gohan had told them a bit about his past during the Kyoto trip, Negi did some research on the character named Cell and what he found shocked him to say the least. Cell, the maniacal Artificial Human and destroyer, was a terrible monster. He couldn't believe that Gohan had faced against such opponent. But then again, some of the opponents that Gohan has faced lately have been on the same level of destruction and madness as Cell was.

Negi needed to do something. Gohan was acting differently. His hair kept on changing color, going from black to gold in one second and then vice-versa. It was as if…Of course! Negi said to himself. He is transforming into a Super Saiyan! I need to stop him before he hurts someone. Negi ran towards the transforming demi-saiyan. "Negi-sensei!" screamed out Chisame and Chachamaru as they tried to stop the boy teacher. Negi continued to run but every time he got closer, he was pushed back by an invisible force emanating from Gohan. However, that wouldn't stop the boy as various cuts appeared on the boy's cloak as he got closer to the demi-saiyan. And right before Gohan transformed into a Super Saiyan, Negi, with all his might, placed a hand on Gohan's shoulder.

"Gohan-san!" shouted Negi. Gohan's eyes flung opened as the air around him started to die down and the pebbles fell towards the floor. Gohan fell onto his knees, panting heavily. "Gohan-san, are you okay?" asked Negi.

Gohan turned his head around, his onyx eyes looking straight at Negi's eyes. "Negi-san? What happened? What is going on?" But before he could get his answer, Gohan felt a huge tug in the air. He quickly turned back to the match where he saw Asuna's harisen transform into a large bladed weapon and sliced Setsuna's broom in half and some of parts of the arena as well. Setsuna jumped back and threw away the broken broom.

"Oi Asuna that isn't allowed!" Kazumi shouted.

"Why you?" Asuna asked the swordsman, completely ignoring the announcement. Setsuna stared at her and saw that her eyes were lifeless but Asuna's face was contorted with rage and depression. "I don't see why he chose you..."

"Huh?" Setsuna asked. Asuna slowly stalked forward her blade readied at her side.

"I have a better figure than you, I am just as athletic as you, I even met him first. You are only better than me at kendo and smarts. Heck he didn't even bat an eye at you until the Kyoto trip," Asuna said as she got closer. This got everyone murmuring about who they were talking about. "Yet he chose you... How long?"

"What?" Setsuna asked confused.

"HOW LONG HAVE YOU AND THAT IDIOT BEEN DATING?" Asuna boomed as she brought her blade down onto the girl.

"SETSUNA!" Everyone shouted at the same time. Gohan, however, couldn't keep quiet as he rushed to the railing.

"GUYS STOP IT!" screamed the demi-saiyan. He somehow knew what Asuna was talking about but it didn't have to be like this. Her anger was getting the better of her. He needed to stop her before anything bad happened. However, as soon as he stepped on the railing, Setsuna dodged to the left, grabbing Asuna and flipping her over and pinning her.

"Challenger Kagurazaka is down!" shouted Kazumi.

"Commentator Gotokuji-san, what was that?" asked Chachamaru at the commentator's desk.

Gotokuji cleared his throat as he tried the best he could to explain. "It seems to have a throw from challenger Sakurazaki! I've no idea what kind of throw, but she nailed the landing just the same!" explained Gotokuji.

"Even so…" added Kazumi as she heard what Gotokuji just talked about, "however she did it – by skill, or parlor trick – Challenger Kagurazaka's got herself a monster sword! The judges say it's real folks! Spectacular as it was, though, the use of bladed weapons is expressly forbidden in this tournament! So for that reason…Challenger Sakurazaki wins!" shouted Kazumi as she declared the winner. The crowd cheered on as they were shown an incredible match of two maiden girls. Negi kept applauding and cheering on while Gohan walked away quietly, hoping to catch Asuna and clear up the misunderstanding.

However, he was stopped by a familiar voice. "Gohan," said Piccolo, "are you alright?"

Gohan collected his breath as he turned around to face Piccolo with a grin on his face. "I'm fine Piccolo-san, I just need to do something," Gohan said as he walked away. Piccolo's face was that of worry. Gohan seemed to be in a lot of pain just a few minutes ago and had kept repeating the words Cell. Piccolo was worried but at the same time, it shouldn't be something that Gohan couldn't handle. Piccolo turned his attention back at the arena as they were about to announce the next match.



* * *



A few minutes later…

Gohan waited in the combatant's headquarters while leaning against a wall. He was near the entrance to the arena, ready to catch Asuna before she got changed or disappeared from sight. As Gohan saw Asuna walking by, he grabbed her and dragged her into a secluded room. "Eh? Gohan what are you doing?" she asked as he closed the door.

"Did you or did you not see me and Setsuna-san 'hug' sort of speak?" Gohan asked seriously. Asuna blushed and looked away, tears were forming in her eyes. This made Gohan's eyes soften. He walked up to her and held her chin to make her look at him. "Asuna-san..." She swatted his hand away.

"Why don't you go see if your girlfriend is okay Gohan," she mumbled refusing to face him.

Gohan let out sigh. "Asuna-san," spoke the demi-saiyan, "Setsuna-san is not my girlfriend." Asuna stopped crying immediately.

"Huh? What do you mean?" Asuna asked, hoping that what Gohan was saying was true.

"What you saw there was a complete misunderstanding," Gohan explained. "Setsuna-san had tripped herself and I grabbed her from behind. It may have looked like I was embracing her tenderly but it wasn't like that at all." He noticed Asuna's eyes were looking away from him. "Asuna-san you gotta believe me!"

A few seconds of silence occurred between the two. "Wh-why didn't you tell me?" Asuna asked as she turned and clutched his hands. Gohan felt her hands trembling as she gripped them.

"Tell you what Asuna-san?" Gohan asked. Now he was starting to get worried.

"About what happened during the battle with Cell," Asuna responded. Gohan turned wide-eyed when he heard the very mention of the name Cell.

"What did you see?" Gohan asked.

"Huh?"

"Asuna-san, what did you see?" Gohan asked again.

"I saw the part where Cell tortured you until you would show your true power to him," Asuna answered. Gohan gaped. "I saw the part where he bear-hugged you, where the Cell Juniors were spawned and attacked your friends and I saw…No. 16's death."

Gohan's eyes widened even more. She even saw that part! Gohan said to himself. "Asuna-san, I…"

"Gohan," Asuna said as she looked at Gohan's onyx eyes, "I know you feel guilty about his death. I know you. You hate to fight and most importantly, you hate seeing a friend get hurt or even killed. You want to protect everyone that is close to you. That's who you are."

"Asuna-san…"

Asuna let out a smile. "But you shouldn't keep these feelings of guilt inside of you," continued Asuna. "You carry the weight of the world on your shoulders. I know you have great strength but let me help you carry that weight. You are not alone Gohan. Share the burden with us. We…no, I am here for you."

"Asuna-san…" The two of them looked at each other's eyes. Their faces closing in on each other as it felt like time was slowing down for them. Both of them closed their eyes as they went for the kiss. Gohan moved forward, brushing his lips against hers, and for a moment, Asuna didn't resist, closing her eyes, losing herself. Gohan pressed in closer, a real and deep kiss, sliding his lips across hers slowly. He could lose himself here, could kiss her for hours, forever…

But then Gohan pulled back, suddenly, as if waking from a dream. "No, I shouldn't have done that."

"Gohan," Asuna said.

Gohan turned around, having his back face towards Asuna. "Asuna-san, I care about you…and all of my students, but this…this kiss should have never have happened, especially when you have feelings for Takamichi-san," Gohan said. Asuna flinched. She had completely forgotten about Takamichi. She was so into the kiss that it seemed like the whole world didn't matter. But now, everything was crashing down, back to reality. Gohan had a point. "I'm sorry Asuna-san." With that, Gohan opened the door and walked away, leaving behind a sobbing Asuna.

Asuna fell onto her knees and started to tear up. How could have this have happened? She definitely had feelings for Takamichi for a very long time but when did she start to have feelings for Son Gohan? Her mind was a mess right now. As she began to replay the events in her head, she realized that Gohan did the right thing by stopping the kiss. Any second longer and they would have kept going to God knows when. Asuna let out a small smile. Gohan was always considerate of his friends, and thanks to him, Asuna decided to go ahead with her date with Takamichi. She wanted to make sure what she felt towards him was real enough. She walked through the door and went back to the stands, ready to watch the next match of the Mahora Budokai.



* * *



Author's note: Hey everybody! Hope you guys enjoyed the chapter especially the last scene. I had a little trouble writing it in order to express the feelings better but I think I did a pretty good job on it. And also, I told you guys Broli wasn't going to be the only DB villain to appear in this story. Cell has come into the fray. Even though it was only a memory playback, I thought it was necessary for Asuna to understand a bit more on Gohan and why he fights so strongly for his friends. Let me know what you guys think of those scenes.

Oh and by the way, the poll has closed and apparently there is a tie between two villains: Majin Boo and Janemba. After much thinking, I think I will take out one of the villains that was in the tie. I am not going to reveal who it is just yet. You are going to have to wait and read. :P

Glossary:

Heavenly Realm: Where Kami-sama's temple lies. Basically think of it as heaven in a way or the upper world. That is how they express it in the Japanese anime and manga of DBZ.

Room of Spirit and Time: It is basically the Hyperbolic Time Chamber in which you can spend a year inside the chamber while in the outside world, one day has passed.

Read and Review. I'll try to post up the next chapter as soon as possible, but with all the work going around here, it's not going to be easy. See you guys around! Peace!

Oh! And Happy Thanksgiving to everyone!





*Chapter 28*: Battle Within the Dream!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. See Chapter 1 for details.

Author's note: Hey everybody! How is everyone doing? Hope you guys had a good Thanksgiving (if you celebrate it that is). Mine was enjoyable. In Japan, they really don't celebrate Thanksgiving, plus I had to work on that day! :( I miss my turkey. Oh well, its Japan so screw it! I take Japan over Thanksgiving any day.

We are close at hand to the matches that you all have been waiting for. I wanted to present the other matches because the next round and the ones that follow are going to be very different from what you would expect it to be if you have been following the manga hehehe. A lot of things will be different so I'll leave it up to your imaginations to think up the differences.

I want to thank naioka1992 for beta-reading this chapter! So now let me present you guys Chapter 28 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 28: Battle within the Dream! Show Me Your Saiyan Power!

Outside at the arena…

"Sorry for the delay folks but we are once underway with the Mahora Budokai! Moving on to Match no. 6! It's a match between teacher and student!" shouted Kazumi in the mic. "In this corner we have Evangline A. K. McDowell of the Mahora Jr. High 'Go' Club!" Some people in the crowd cheered at the mention of Eva's name. These included Negi and Kotarou but they noticed something different about Eva. A lightly visible dark aura surrounded the vampire; her eyes fixated on something. "In the other corner," gestured Kazumi, "we have the dark haired fighter and assistant teacher to Negi Springfield, Challenger Son Gohan!" The girls of Class 3-A that were there cheered loudly for their assistant teacher as they saw Gohan walked up the steps of the stage and go to his appropriate corner. His friends and family cheered loudly as well.

"Go Nii-chan!" screamed Goten.

"Beat her Gohan-san!" joined in Trunks.

"Heh," sounded Vegeta as he leaned against a nearby wall, "you shouldn't waste your voice like that Trunks. It's obvious that the brat is going to win this match."

"Come on Papa, don't you want to watch Gohan-san fight?" Trunks asked.

"Tsk, I am more interested in fighting Kakarotto," Vegeta responded. "Though, I hope that the gaki will finish the fight quickly so I can fight."

"Oh come on Vegeta, I'm sure that the match will be interesting," Goku said, catching some of the Z senshi by surprise, except for Vegeta.

Vegeta let out a grin. "What makes you say that Kakarotto? Is that small girl supposed to be a challenge to a Saiyan warrior? Come on, be real about this. I could easily kill her with just a finger."

"It takes more than power to a win a battle. Trust me Vegeta, this girl is hiding a lot of skill," Goku said as he stood near Goten and Trunks. "If Gohan isn't careful, he might actually lose this match." Of course, I didn't expect him to come out like this either, Goku said to himself sternly. Something must have had happened between him and that orange girl. Gohan, be careful.

"Go Onii-chan!" continued Goten, drawing some attention to him, particularly from some of the girls that were in the stands, noticing how cute Goten looked.

Konoka, Yue, Nodoka and Haruna were all cheering for their assistant teacher; however Konoka noticed something was different about Gohan. His body posture was different than that of usual. His face looked like it was lost in thought. It was worrisome for Konoka. "Ara, what is wrong with Gohan-kun?" Konoka asked.

"Huh? What do you mean Konoka?" Yue asked. "Gohan-sensei looks fine. He just looks a little nervous that's all."

Konoka shook her head. "No he doesn't," responded Konoka. "Gohan-kun is usually calm and happy. He never looks nervous unless it is against a really strong opponent like that guy Broli."

Haruna's ears perked up. "What do you mean strong opponent? And who is this Broli character?" She asked, causing Yue, Konoka, and Nodoka to flinch.

"N-Nothing," Konoka said nervously as she wailed her arms around, trying to make Haruna avoid more of the subject. If Haruna knew about Gohan and Negi's abilities, the campus will hear about it in less than an hour. That was why she hadn't been told what has been going on.

Haruna let out a smile. "Never mind then," Haruna said. "I don't think there is any one stronger than our teachers out there. Gohan-kun is sure to win this match."

"I hope so," Konoka muttered. She looked back at Gohan's posture and clapped her hands in a prayer. Gohan-kun, please be careful, she said to herself.

Back at the arena stage, Gohan continued to look dejected, unaware the match was about to start. It was by luck that he managed to get to the stage and at the right corner. Otherwise, he would have been walking through the city for hours. His mind was still focused on what happened earlier with Asuna. While he enjoyed the kiss, he felt that it was against his responsibility as a teacher. He cared for her, as he cared for all his students, but somewhere deep within his heart, he cared for Asuna more than anyone else. Probably more than he ever did for Videl and that meant a lot. Gohan knew that he needed to reorganize his feelings. He was a teacher for crying out loud! Regardless of how they felt about each other, each of them had a duty to follow which hurt Gohan's heart even more.

Eva, even though she was extremely happy about what Ku:Nel Sanders had told her earlier about the Thousand Master, noticed something strange was going on with Gohan. He wasn't his usual 'idiot assistant' mode as she liked to call it which got her worried. Ever since the training at the villa, Eva had been feeling admiration for the demi-saiyan. He was like Nagi Springfield in certain ways which immediately grabbed her interest. She hoped, in her heart, that their relationship maybe could be taken to the next level. But her pride of being a vampire and as a Dark Mage would get in the way. However, she was interested on why Gohan was looking so dejected. Perhaps I can use that spell, Eva said to herself with an evil grin on her face. I always wanted to fight the assistant at full power. However, I need to corner him in order to use it. I guess it's time to use that technique that I have been practicing in order to capture and defeat someone like him.

Kazumi walked over to the center of arena, shouting into the mic as she walked. "Ladies and gentlemen! Say what you will, but challenger McDowell's some kinda ten-year-old doll! But what's her combat like? And the same thing can be said about Challenger Son Gohan. His father, Son Goku, had trained under the martial arts specialist Muten Roshi!" The crowd awed at the mere mention of Muten Roshi whiles some of the girls sweat-dropped. How can someone so perverted be a great master in the martial arts? "Well anyways…let Match No. 6 begin!" At the sound of the bell ringing, Eva dashed forward towards Gohan's position, raising up her arm to strike on Gohan's face.

A loud crack was heard as Eva's fist connected with Gohan's face and sent him skidding across the floor, catching everyone by surprise including Negi and the group. "Gohan-san!" screamed out Negi in worry as he leaned over the railing. Chisame was a bit wide-eyed at the sight of small little girl being able to send someone like Gohan flying across the stage. What is going on here? She wondered. As Gohan laid on the floor, Eva walked over to his position and started to kick him in the gut, drawing some irritation from the group particularly from the Gohan's admirers.

"Get up," muttered the Dark Mage as she continued to kick the demi-saiyan. "Seriously, if you are not going to even fight back, you might as well give up the match," Eva sighed as she stopped kicking Gohan and walked away. "If you are going to be like this, then I might as well finish right here. And then I am going to torture that girl for making you so weak." Gohan's eyes flung wide open when he heard that. "Seriously, you are a Saiyan warrior. Aren't you supposed to be fierce fighters not peace lovers?"

"I am not one of them."

"Hmm," sounded Eva. "What did you say? I couldn't hear you."

"I said," Gohan stood up, clenching his fists, "I am not one of them!" With a flail of his arms, Gohan let out a war cry, drawing out some of his ki and causing the air around him to swirl. Everyone in the stands covered their eyes from the dust that was swirling around Gohan's position. Gohan then positioned himself in a fighting stance. "My name is Son Gohan and I am an Earthling!"

"Then prove it, monkey brat!" With that, Eva dashed towards Gohan's position and launched a series of combinations of kicks and punches. Gohan dodged one of them with ease. As he dodged a straight fist with a side-step, Gohan began his attack as he went with punch to Eva's face; however, the Dark Mage easily dodged the attack. Gohan growled at himself as he went for another attack, this time with a kick. The vampire saw the kick coming and blocked it with her fan that she pulled out just in time. As the kick came into contact with the closed fan, a swirl of dust surrounded the two fighters and was pushed back to the stands with great force.

The crowd was in awe! "I-Incredible!" shouted Kazumi into the mic. "Who would have thought that challenger Eva, with her doll-like appearance, would be a match for Gohan-ku…I mean, challenger Gohan?" Everyone agreed with Kazumi's assessment, except for Vegeta of course who still thought that Eva was just an insignificant being compared to the power of a Saiyan warrior.

Despite that though, some people in the audience were getting a little worried for Eva's safety due to her stature and Gohan's overwhelming display of strength. But if they knew about the true nature of Eva, they would definitely have a different opinion about her. Eva let out a smirk on her face. "You seem to underestimate me still assistant," she said, catching the demi-saiyan by surprise.

"What?"

"Do you really think that I wouldn't notice that you are not going full force with your punches and kicks?" Eva said as she pulled away Gohan's leg with a swipe of her fan, bringing and pinning down the demi-saiyan on the ground. "Trust me, even though I am not at full power, I am more than enough than those mundanes out there." Gohan cursed at his position. His leg was pinned down! Evangeline-san is good, Gohan said to himself as he tried to break free, in which he did as he jumped into the air and away from Eva's position.

Gohan let out a grin. "You're right," he said. "I should take this seriously. I apologize for my attitude earlier but you now have my full attention. However, I won't transform into a Super Saiyan if that's what you want."

Eva frowned. "Fine," she said. "But you are going to regret saying those words." Gohan and Eva positioned themselves into a fighting stance once again and this time, Eva's stance caught Gohan's interest. She knows martial arts? Gohan asked himself. Before he could get an answer, Eva suddenly appeared before him and tried to palm him in the chest. Gohan brushed aside the palm and went with a kick, trying to swipe Eva's legs. Eva jumped up at the last second; however she was unprepared for Gohan's punch that hit the vampire's chest that sent her flying across the stage. Gohan dashed as he reached towards Eva's falling position. But once he reached there, Eva was gone!

Gohan began to look around, trying to find the Dark Mage. "Over here," said a voice behind Gohan. Gohan flung his eyes wide open. How did Eva get behind him so quickly? He turned around and set out a series of combination of punches and kicks at her; each one of them connecting with its target. The crowd was gaping at the sight. It looked like child abuse with the way that Gohan was fighting against Eva. Despite that though, the crowd knew better than that especially after seeing the fight between Negi and Takamichi.

Gohan pressed on with his attack. Then suddenly, Eva dodged one of his attacks and started on her new offensive. Gohan dodged one of her attacks but the next one connected easily to his face, sending flying mid-air momentarily. Konoka, Asuna, Setsuna, Kazumi, Chisame and Haruna all gasped at the sight. However, their worries quickly disappeared when Gohan flipped over in mid-air and landed on the stage with a skid. But he looked up, he saw Eva right in front of him, catching him a bit by surprise. Where did she get that kind of speed? Gohan wondered as he dodged another palm attack by Eva. Gohan started to wonder on what kind of form of martial arts Eva was using. It was completely foreign to him! He didn't have the time to ask though as he barely dodged another one of Eva's attack and this time, her fist was shaped like a knife as it went crashing down to the stage floor, ripping it apart a bit.

Gohan pushed him back, trying to get some distance from Eva as to analyze her stance and form. Eva, however, wasn't going to allow that to happen as she immediately pulled her hand out of the ground and dashed towards Gohan's position. Gohan proceeded to dodge another knife attack to the head and then a palm. Eva sent out a series of combination of kicks and punches at the demi-saiyan, who began to dodge them easily. However, he started to notice something was off with his movements as he kept on dodging Eva's attacks. Gohan jumped into the air, ready to send out a flying kick when suddenly, his movements were stopped! "What?" exclaimed the demi-saiyan as he was floating in the air.

The crowd gasped. "I-It seems that Challenger Gohan has stopped in mid-air, but what could he be doing up there?" Kazumi asked as she talked into the mic. "Is Son Gohan planning something?"

"Kuso," Gohan cursed. "Why can't I move?"

"So you finally noticed." Gohan's eyes looked down at Eva, the one who spoke. Then he noticed something at the fingertips of Eva's hands. Threads! There were very thin pieces of thread coming out of her fingertips. "It took a while, but I have you in my grasp now."

Gohan chuckled. "Don't get so full of yourself Evangeline-san," responded the demi-saiyan. "You really think that something like this will stop me?" With a loud war cry, Gohan broke free of his confinement and flew towards Eva's position.

"That is what I was counting on," Eva muttered as she side-stepped Gohan's attack. Then with a wail of her arms, Eva brought out a red web of threads and threw it at the escaping demi-saiyan. Before Gohan could even counter, he was trapped and confined by the red thread. Gohan tried to free himself like the last time, but he noticed something differently about these threads. They were sapping his ki away!

"What is going on here?" Gohan asked to no one in particular. "Why do I feel like my ki is being sapped away?"

"Because these threads are special," Eva replied with an evil smirk on her face. "I designed them to capture people and steal their ki."

"You what?" Gohan's eyes flung wide open when he heard that. I-Impossible, Gohan said to himself.

"I know what you must be thinking, 'how could she do that?'" Eva explained. "Well, after much research, I came across a very interesting clan known as the Demon Clan, especially on the information on the Demonic Four Monarchs. One of their specialties I would say was the thread known as ki thread. Normally, you assistant or any of your friends would easily break the stranglehold of normal threads due to your incredible power. It wouldn't be much of a match if I couldn't stop you but then I then thought on the Monarchs ki thread. So I created my own thread as to use it against you." Eva's grin widened. "It seems to have worked."

"Kuso," muttered Gohan as he tried to escape from the thread's hold on him. However, it was becoming apparent that he wasn't going to get anywhere like this. How did it come to this? Gohan wondered. Was I really caught off guard that easily? I should have known better. Actually, I have been training to avoid this kind of situation. Dammit!

"Now," Eva said as she moved her fingers to bring Gohan closer to her, "let me look into your eyes!" Eva's and Gohan's eye met, leaving behind a tranced look on both of their faces. The crowd was confused on what had just happened.

"Wh-What's this?" Kazumi asked. "Both Challengers have stopped moving and have their eyes locked. What's going on?" Kazumi sounded off with a hint of jealousy and worry in her tone. Goku, Negi, Konoka, Asuna, Goten and Piccolo looked at the stage with worry on their faces.

"Otou-san, what is happening?" Goten asked.

"I'm not sure Goten," Goku replied with a worried look on his face. "Piccolo? Do you know?"

"I have no clue Son," Piccolo said.

Asuna clenched her hands together as she began to worry on what was going on with Gohan. "What's happening?" she muttered.



* * *



Meanwhile…

Gohan opened one of his eyes slowly due to the brightness of the area. He lifted himself off the floor with a daze, staggering left to right as he tried to get his bearing on his center of balance. "Evangeline-san, what the hell…was…that?" Gohan trailed as he took to his surroundings. He was at the villa right now! But that's impossible, Gohan said to himself. "We were clearly at the Budokai arena. So where am I?"

"Well?" yelled a voice, causing Gohan to get into a defensive position. "How do you like it?" The demi-saiyan looked up and saw the Dark Vampire floating before him. Gohan's eyes widened a bit as he remembered that Eva's magic was sealed by the Thousand Master. So how was it that she could be flying? "I've made this place just for you assistant," Eva interrupted Gohan's thought process. "And though it may be for my own amusement alone, none can see – so come at me with full strength!"

"Full…strength?" Gohan asked, unsure on what Eva was trying to accomplish here.

Eva grinned. "That's right," the Dark Mage replied. "But of course, I'll be sure to return that strength in kind. Here in this place, the curse has no effect – my former powers are available to me."

Gohan's eyes widened completely. "What?"

"So come on, get yourself ready," Eva said as she positioned herself in a fighting position with a blade of magic on her right hand, ready to slash her opponent in half.

"Evangeline-san, why do all of this?" Gohan asked. "Why fight against someone like me?"

Eva smirked. "Because, like you Saiyans, I enjoy the thrill of the fight!" With that, she launched herself towards Gohan's position. Bringing her magic sword back, Eva quickly came down, sword's blade pointed up. Without any effort, she brought her sword into a downward strike, directed straight at Gohan. The demi-saiyan saw Eva's swift attack, and with a yell of shock, he leapt to the side, just as the Dark Mage's blade came down on him. The sword struck the earth, cracking it and seemingly splitting the ground completely in two. The energy of the attack traveled on, a massive split starting from the tip of her blade and moving forward, almost cutting the villa cleanly in two but it also caused a loud explosion to occur.

Eva floated easily above the villa. Gohan was nowhere in sight but she knew better. It wasn't over yet. Gohan, who had moved to the side and landed, skidding to a stop, took a defensive stance. He watched Eva float above him, her right hand infused with powerful magic that could easily destroy this villa if she wanted to. "What's wrong Son Gohan?" Eva asked tauntingly. "Show me your true strength. Show me the strength of a SUPER SAIYAN!"

Gohan frowned his eyes as he landed softly on the villa's tiles. He clenched his fists. He tried his best to avoid using that technique but if Eva wanted to see it so badly, so be it. "Okay Evangeline-san, you asked for it," Gohan said. Taking a firmer stance, the demi-saiyan glared harder at his opponent, eyes flickering. Suddenly, the ground around him began to crackle with a fiercer display of golden, electrical currents. The tiles and earth even began to shake, making Eva raise an eyebrow at Gohan's display of power already.

Suddenly, golden electricity consumed Gohan and began flickering around him, shooting outwards and connecting with the pillars on the villa. The currents moved up and down them, as well as across the ground as the field of power expanded and then contracted. With its concentration into Gohan's body, the demi-saiyan felt his power rise again, and finally, it hit him. He was ready.

Bringing himself into a strong stance, Gohan reared his head back and let out a tremendous cry of power, a shock wave exploding out of him, cracking the tiles and sending dust everywhere. With that it began, he bent lower and gritted his teeth, groaning in agony as more golden bolts of lightning began shooting out around him. Currents ran up and down his body, sparks flying. Then, with a burst of golden light, a radioactive, golden glow began to illuminate off of him, followed by a strange loss of gravity. Tiles and debris began to rise off of the ground and float around him, caught up in his field of power. In another burst of light, his hair suddenly flashed light blonde, spiking up a bit and stiffening from its previous state. The lightning storm around him was growing with more intensity, with more tiles beginning to rise. As Gohan's energy rose, flames of energy began coursing out and around him before suddenly, with one last, bellowing yell, he rose up to full height and powered up. Lifting off the ground a couple of feet, Gohan's golden aura exploded around him, unleashing a gale of wind and a tremendous explosion of force. The winds continued to blow fiercely, but then they all died, leaving a silent wind once again.

Eva let out a grin as she gazed upon the demi-saiyan standing in his raging energy display. The demi-saiyan was surrounded by a fierce, golden aura, golden bolts of electricity shooting out and around him. His eyes had flashed a jade color and his hair was light blonde and, like his gi, was waving in the winds of his aura. To add to this, his muscle span had increased slightly and he was surrounded by a golden, radioactive glow. Eva gawked a bit at Gohan's amazing state and level of power. As she continued to stare, she watched the tiles that had once been floating in the air around Gohan come crashing back to the ground, filling in the gaps and landing in their exact positions.

"Hope you are ready for this Evangeline-san," Gohan said sternly.

Eva's grin grew wider. "I couldn't have asked for anything better." She then launched an ice attack on the demi-saiyan, causing another loud explosion as the attack had hit its target. Or so was thought. A loud yell was heard and a shooting ray of golden light went up to the sky.

Shooting up into the skies, Eva followed pursuit and prepared to attack. Gohan reappeared floating many stories above the ground, the villa in clear sight, as well as Eva on his approach. Still floating in his aura, the demi-saiyan dropped into a stance and watched his opponent charge him down. When the Vampire reached him, Eva let out an evil grin. It was from here their battle was taken to a higher altitude, shock waves and explosions suddenly bursting out all across the skies. The two fighters weren't even seen as blurs as they whizzed through the open spaces, charging at each other and attacking one another. The only signs of Gohan and Eva were the explosions and sonic booms punching themselves into the skies, shaking the entire planet with the very force. Gohan and Eva were fighting on a whole new level of power, taking it to that whole new dimension that reached extraordinary feats.

A tremendous shock wave, larger than all the millions that had already taken place ripped through the skies and shook the earth with its force when it appeared 50 stories above the villa. The two fighters could be seen, flashing into focus with both their elbows locked together. As blue and golden lightning shot out from between the two, they suddenly disappeared again, and so, the explosions of force and shock waves continued. At the fastest rate anyone had ever seen, these bursts of force created ripples. These ripples blew away anything that got within their radius, such as clouds and earth. Whenever the two warriors pulled up close to the ground, massive craters were punched into it. Even one of the pillars, one that got too close to the fray, shattered into thousands of pieces. A trail of exploding shockwaves went up, moving through the sky and diving close to the earth as the two fighters locked themselves in a long engagement of colossal proportions. Here, as they drew closer, you could see the two blurs of the fighters, fists, kicks, ki and magic blasts flying out of focus. The trail of explosions reached the heart of the villa and another crater was punched into the surface.

Sending a punch at his opponent, Gohan forced Eva back. The Dark Mage revealed herself, skidding backwards to a stop and coming into focus. Eva then threw her right hand forward and launched a giant ice blast at an open space down the way of the villa. The streak of energy hurled onto the horizon of the arena, striking the ground some ways away. It was here Gohan flashed into focus, leaping into the air as he avoided the blast. Gohan landed softly, watching Eva glare at him with a big evil on grin on her face. Now the fight was on.

Powering up, so that his golden aura sprung up around him, Gohan shot at Eva full speed. With a new power build, he struck out with his right palm, intent on knocking his opponent down. Eva, however, was ready. She grabbed Gohan's wrist and sent her own punch at him. The demi-saiyan grabbed her fist, and quickly acting on fighter's instinct, spread his arms out. As a result he pulled Eva towards him. When he did, he drove his knee straight into her face, knocking Eva back with a shockwave resounding. Eva staggered a bit as she was reeling from Gohan's punch.

Meanwhile, dropping back, the golden haired warrior powered up, his aura flaring wildly. When he did, he threw both hands forward and unleashed a series of golden energy blasts. A barrage of twelve highly concentrated attacks shot at Eva and exploded on impact. However, Eva was nowhere to be seen as a cloud of smoke blinded all view. Gohan lowered his hands dropped into a fighting stance and watched the cloud of smoke dissipate.

But before it could, he suddenly heard the words, "Lic Lac La Lac Lilac MALLEUS AQUILONIS!" and suddenly, a dark blue blast shot out of the cloud and straight at Gohan. The young Super Saiyan only had time to cross his arms over his face before the attack struck his defense, exploding with magnificent ferocity that sent him flying back several meters. Because of his defense, he was alright, but he was still slightly damaged.

Lowering his arms, he glared at the cloud, only to see Eva fly out of it and charge at him again with the magic sword formed in her fist. Gohan responded, flying back and engaging the Dark Mage in another furious battle. Their fists struck each other, exploding into a shock wave. This was followed up a knee, then an elbow and finally a hook. All attacks struck each other, doing relatively no damage before the two fighters flashed into super speed.



* * *



Back at the Budokai stage…

Gohan and Eva continued to stare at each other in a trance look as the crowd grew a bit restless at the slow action they were witnessing. Negi and the group were getting a bit worried. "What do you think is happening?" Negi asked to no one in particular. Then he heard a commotion near him as he, Kotarou and Chisame all turned their heads towards the spot. They noticed a small spikey haired boy go on top of the railing, pushing off the grasp of a little purple haired boy. Negi knew who those two were and decided to head towards there.

"Something must be happening to Nii-chan! I gotta help him!" Goten screamed as he put one foot on the railing to jump into the arena as he finally pushed off Trunks's grasp. But before he could go anywhere, Piccolo grabbed him by the collar quickly. "Piccolo-san! Let me go!"

"Calm down Goten," the Namekian said. "I'm sure Gohan is fine."

"But Piccolo-san…" trailed Goten's voice as he looked at the arena with worry on his face. He then felt a pat on his head causing him to turn to see that it was Goku who gave the friendly pat.

"Gohan will be fine Goten," the Saiyan said. "I'm sure it."

"Well, it doesn't seem like it," Vegeta said. "That brat is taking too long. He should have finished the fight already."

"Goku-san," Negi said, causing some of the Z senshi to turn towards the young mage, "what's going on?"

"I'm not sure actually," Goku replied. "All I know is that Gohan can handle it."

"I don't know about that," spoke a voice which came from Negi's coat. Suddenly a white ermine popped out of Negi's cloak, surprising everyone around them.

"Chamo-kun! Where have you been?" Negi asked.

"Well I…" Chamo was about to say what Ku:Nel Sanders had told Eva but he remembered something that the Ku:Nel said to him.

Flashback

"Please, Chamomile-kun," Ku:Nel said. "Let's not tell Negi-kun and the others quite yet, shall we? At least, not till the tournament's over."

End flashback

Chamo pondered on whether or not to tell the young mage that his father was still out there. However, his thought process was interrupted when Negi asked, "Chamo-kun, what's wrong?"

Chamo flinched with a nervous sweat running down the side of his face. "N-Nothing is wrong Aniki!" Chamo wailed. "Anyways, I think Gohan-anisan is trapped in a mind lock."

"A what?"

"Basically they are battling within a space called 'Phantasmagora'," explained the ermine.

"So how can we watch the fight?" Goten asked as he grabbed the ermine and started to shake him around. "Start talking ferret!"

"Goten-kun, calm down," Negi appealed, trying to get a control of the situation. Goten let go of Chamo and started to tear up.

"Onii-chan," Goten cried softly.

"Goten-kun…"

"Don't worry, we can watch the fight if we really wanted to," Chamo added.

"Huh?"

"How?" Negi asked.

"Well, if Gohan-anisan had a pactio card, we could have combined it with your memory sharing spell Aniki," Chamo said. "The only problem though is that Gohan-anisan doesn't have a pactio and we can't simply go to the arena and give him a big smooch on the lips now can we?" Besides, I would rather not see two men kissing each other but that's just me, Chamo said to himself. Negi nodded in agreement.

Goten blinked a few times. "What is a pactio?" Goten asked, curious as to what Chamo was talking about since he definitely wanted to see if Gohan was all right. Negi and Chamo looked up and noticed the confused looks on the Z senshi's faces. It was time for an explanation. Negi explained to the Z senshi what a pactio was. Like, how it enables the magician casting the spell, the Magister Magi, to transfer some of his/her magic power to the other person involved in the pactio, the Minister Magi, improving the Ministra's natural capabilities, and providing a magical barrier against physical attacks. The Minister also receives a special magical item called "Artifact", which reflects the Minister's abilities and personality. The Minister, in turn, has to protect the Magister from any dangers and assist him/her in any way possible. Since most Western Mages are vulnerable while chanting spells, a Minister primary duty is to protect the mage in combat situations. When a pactio is established, a card is created as proof of the contract, depicting the Minister with his Artifact, surrounded by several magic signs and a "title" related to his/her personality.

Negi continued to explain as he got to the part where the card would be useful in seeing the match. "The Magister keeps the original card with him/herself, though copies can be made for the Minister," the young mage explained.

"That's right," added Chamo. "The card also allows the Magister to communicate telepathically with his/her Minister and summon him/her across great distances, within a limit of 10 km."

"Telepathically you say," Piccolo said.

"Yeah that's right," Negi responded. "Why do you ask Piccolo-san?"

"Gohan and I share a telepathic bond between each other," explained the Namekian. "Maybe that can be used as a replacement for the pactio card." Negi and Chamo turned a bit wide eyed at the statement.

"That's incredible Piccolo-san!" awed the young boy.

"Aniki, now is not the time to be aweing," Chamo said. "We should combine Piccolo-anii-san's telepathic ability with your memory sharing spell."

Negi nodded. "Right." He then turned towards everyone and said, "Grab onto me if you want to come with us." Goten quickly grabbed hold of Negi as he rushed to the young mage's side. Trunks grabbed another part and Goku patted on Negi's head. Negi, meanwhile, grabbed hold on Piccolo's hand and began to chant the spell, "Rastel Maskil Magister MATER MUSARUM, MNEMOSYNEM AD SE NOS ALLUCIAT!"



* * *



Inside Phantasmagora…

Negi, Goku, Piccolo, Goten and Trunks all floated inside the mind space, enveloped in a bright aura. "Wow!" awed Goten.

"You said it Goten!" added Trunks. "This is awesome." Goten and Trunks then decided to play around a bit with each other, which meant in their terms, fighting against each other.

A tick mark appeared on Piccolo's forehead as he clenched his fists. "Will you two get a hold of yourself?" screamed the Namekian. "We are not here to play around!"

"Sorry Piccolo-san," Goten and Trunks apologized in unison.

Goku gave out a laugh. "Boys will be boys," he said. "But I am curious as to why we are naked though?"

"It's part of the magic spell," Negi explained. "I can't really do anything about it. Hope you don't mind."

"Not all," Goku replied. "I'm usually like this anyways."

Chamo sweat-dropped at the statement. "Anyways," Chamo said as he tried to change the subject. "We should look for Gohan-anisan."

"That's right," Negi said. "But where could he be?" Then a loud sonic explosion occurred, causing everyone to cover up their eyes quickly as well as not being blown away by the blast.

"My guess would be there," Piccolo said, gesturing towards where several sonic explosions were occurring, alongside big explosions occurring to what looked the villa that all of them were staying at earlier. "Let's hurry!" Everyone nodded in agreement as they all flew as close as possible to the battle site.

More sonic explosions and gales of force began exploding across the skies, the atmosphere coming too close to the very fight. Suddenly, the fight began moving so fast that even the shockwaves came up in all unexpected places. Two more pillars were knocked down, leaving only their bottom halves standing and on the verge of crumbling. At first, Goku and the others were able to track Gohan and Eva while Negi was having trouble following at all. But now, all of them had lost track of them since they were moving so fast they were invisible. Then the heat was turned up, and both fighters began giving it their all.

The shockwaves appeared more and more fierce and powerful, their doubled strengths cracking the earth and punching more craters into them. Real damages were being made. As the two fighters flew at each other and locked elbows, they kicked off, still using super speed. Eva managed to slow herself down from going back too far and shot back at Gohan, pulling her right hand back and throwing an incredibly powerful magic spell into Gohan's stomach. The demi-saiyan received the mind-boggling blow, his cheeks puffing at being winded. He then spewed up some blood, which splattered along his gi top and flew everywhere. But that was child's play compared to what he could take. He quickly recovered, and came back at Eva with a tremendous right roundhouse kick across her face, causing to her stagger a bit and reel out a bit of blood. But the two of them continued regardless of their damages, clothes being ripped and severe bruises continuing to be made. They fought on, leaping across the villa and hurling through the air. It made everyone dizzy, looking from left to right so quickly. It made their heads spin.

More shock waves followed a split second later after the two of them flashed out of focus, moving them into another battle. They reappeared on the center of the villa again, Gohan kicking Eva into the last standing pillar which collapsed under the weight of Eva and the force of her backward flight. As it crumbled the Dark Mage back-flipped and returned to an upright position. With a yell and wide grin on her face, she went super speed, flying straight at Gohan and was glaring ahead of him. When he saw Eva flying at him, the young Super Saiyan let out a yell and threw a left roundhouse kick into the air, striking Eva directly in the face. The vampire flew past, staggered and spiraling out of control. Seconds later, she crashed to the ground, skidding on her left leg, right knee and hands, which helped slow her down. When she stopped, EVa stood up and glared at her opponent, who back-flipped away and landed in a fighting stance on the other side of the ring. Then the two of them stopped for the moment, maintaining their positions.

They both panted heavily, both of them with blood staining their skin and/or clothes. If they knew any better, they found it hard to breathe because of the damages inflicted. However, they were both tough. Seconds after they had started panting, they both eased their breathing, with Eva grinning while Gohan wiped his mouth of any blood. He wanted to remain as descent as possible. "You are indeed powerful Son Gohan," Eva said. "Too bad it's being wasted on such weak ideas of peace and living the life of an Earthling. You should be using those skills to fight and destroy others like your ancestors did before you."

Gohan clenched his fists. "I will never be one of them!" He screamed.

"Hahahaha, really?" Eva asked tauntingly. "Aren't you enjoying the fight right now? Your Saiyan blood is boiling! I can feel it!"

Gohan gritted his teeth. Dammit! She's right, Gohan said to himself. I am getting too caught up in the fight right now! I need to end this quickly but every time I try to, Evangeline-san seems to always be one step ahead of me. Why is it? Is it because we are in an illusory space to begin with? Then it hit him like a lightning bolt. That's it! Why didn't I think of that before?

"Gohan-san!" screamed a voice, causing the demi-saiyan and the vampire to turn their heads to see Negi, Goten, Trunks, Goku, Chamo and Piccolo floating before them.

"Dad? Goten? Trunks? Chamo-san? Negi-san? Piccolo-san?" Gohan said. "What are you guys doing here?"

Eva growled in irritation. "So you chase us even to here! No interfering now, brats! This is a proper fight!"

Goku let out his usual Son grin on his face. "I wouldn't dream of interfering in Gohan's fight," he said. "Gohan can take care of you."

"That's right!" Goten added. "Nii-chan will beat you!"

"Yeah because Gohan-san is strong!" Trunks continued.

"Besides, we are here to provide support," Negi said.

A slight blush appeared on Gohan's face. "Guys," Gohan said with a happy look on his face. He then faced towards Eva and let out a confident Son grin. "Evangeline-san, I am going to go at full power. And this power is not only from being a Saiyan but also from being an Earthling as well! HYAAAAAH!" With a loud war cry, Gohan got himself into a horse stance and clenched his fists as he searched deep within himself that hidden potential. That mystical power that the Ro Kaioshin brought forth during the battle against Majin Boo. A bright light engulfed the demi-saiyan, causing everyone to cover up their eyes. Craters were being formed, the debris of the villa lifting up and floating, the remaining pillars cracking under pressure, strong winds emanating from Gohan's spot until it stopped. The light subsided to reveal a new transformation…Mystic Son Gohan!

"What is this?" Eva muttered as she was gaping at the incredible power that Gohan was emanating and the fact it wasn't a Super Saiyan transformation. His hair had turned black again and his one lock of hair was on the other side. However, instead drawing fear, it drew a rather large grin on her face. "Incredible."

Gohan let out a smile. "Why thank you Evangeline-san," he said. "You said earlier that I am enjoying the thrill of the fight because I am Saiyan. Well that is partly true but you forgot about my other side. The side that I am most proud of…an Earthling!" Gohan said. "And although this world may have full of problems, it is the one planet that I call home and I will fight to my very last breath to protect it and its inhabitants."

"Protecting the Earth huh?" Eva said. Then she started to chuckle but suddenly her face turned serious as she let out a scream, "Silence, assistant! You, soft-hearted as you are, think you can do that?"

Eva's scream was so powerful, that strong winds emanated from her mouth, causing Negi and the group to cover themselves. Gohan smiled confidently as he stood his ground amidst the strong winds. "Yes," he said. "After all, I am the son of Son Goku, a Saiyan who came to Earth and became its greatest hero! So I will follow in my father's footsteps and become its protector!" Then something unexpected happened. Eva started to laugh out loud, drawing a confused look on Gohan's face. "What's so funny Evangeline-san?"

"Nothing," replied the Dark Mage. "As it happens, the body informs the spirit and so I, who became immortal while still a child, thought of myself as younger than other monsters or demons, but when I'm with you people, I really do feel my age." As Eva stared at Gohan, the demi-saiyan noticed some tear drops appear on Eva's face. Were those tears of happiness or sorrow? "Assistant!" yelled Eva, catching Gohan by surprise. "That my spirit voice affects you not at all proves you really believe it."

"Of course I do," Gohan responded as he got into one of Goku's classic battle stances, the one he used during the fight against Majin Boo when he had absorbed Gotenks and Piccolo, "after all, I am a hybrid of a Saiyan and an Earthling."

"Fine then," Eva said as she got into her battle stance, drawing up some magic on her right hand. "Show me how much you believe it!" With that, Eva launched herself towards at the same time as Gohan did. She went with left hook at Gohan's face, but the demi-saiyan avoided easily. Gohan went on the attack as he sent out a high right kick to Eva's face, then an upwards left kick that launched her up in the sky. Gohan quickly followed pursuit as he landed a punch on Eva's chest then an elbow strike to the face and then a roundhouse kick. And then another kick was given to Eva that sent the Dark Mage flying across the sky. Gohan disappeared and then reappeared quickly above Eva's position as he laid out a forearm attack on the vampire. Eva was sent flying to the ground as she landed on all fours. She quickly stood up and looked around for the demi-saiyan as she wanted to unleash her powerful magic attack that was still on her right hand.

"Looking for me?" spoke a voice behind her. Eva quickly turned around to see Gohan standing before her, with his knees bent and his cupped hands to the side with a blue orb glowing within. Eva let out a grin on her face as she quickly turned around and went full ahead with her attack against Gohan's. Both of them yelled their final attacks as they clashed head on:

"KAMEHAME-HA!"

"ENSIS EX SEQUENS!"

A loud explosion occurred, covering and effectively destroying the fake villa completely. As a result, a bright light engulfed the area and everyone was forced out.



* * *



Back in the Real World…

An explosion occurred in the middle of the stage, surprising everyone! "A-An explosion?" shouted Kazumi in the microphone. "Wh-What just happened?" Negi and the others came back to the real world as they just witness the explosion in the middle of the Budokai arena. The smoke disappeared rather quickly as Gohan suddenly came out of a cloud of smoke and attacked the standing Eva head on.

Then the battle was over as Eva fell to the ground and Gohan in a finishing stance. Everyone stood in awe at the quickness of Gohan's attack. They even didn't see how the demi-saiyan was able to execute such a devastating move that put Eva on the ground. "Ah!" sounded off Kazumi in the mic. "Reversal? I-Is it over?"

"Yes it is," Eva said as she had trouble sitting up. "I lost. I give up!" With that the crowd roar in cheer as the match had ended with Son Gohan as the victor.

"Challenger McDowell has given up!" shouted Kazumi. "That means that Challenger Son Gohan, assistant teacher to the child teacher Negi Springfield, has advanced to the next round!"

"Yay Nii-chan!" screamed Goten happily.

"Gohan-san!" added Negi.

"Gohan-kun," Konoka said with tears in her eyes as she was worried about Gohan's safety.

"Thank goodness he is okay," added Haruna.

"I wouldn't worry too much about Gohan-sensei," Yue said as she drank from a juice box. "Gohan-sensei has taken worse damage than that."

"Really? Like what?" Haruna asked with a glint coming off her glasses.

Yue, Nodoka and Konoka immediately flinched and wailed around their arms. "N-Nothing!" All of them said in unison.

Meanwhile, Chisame let out a sigh of relief. Thank God that Gohan-sensei was okay, Chisame said to herself. For a second there I thought that he…wait what? Why am I getting worried about HIM? Seriously something is wrong with me. In another part of the Shrine, Asuna let out a smile as she walked to the infirmary, ready to greet the others as Eva had broken a few bones during the match and had to be treated immediately.



* * *



A few minutes later…

"Grr, they should hurry it up," growled the Prince of Saiyans, Vegeta, as he and the others were waiting for the next match to start. Gohan had destroyed pieces of the stage and so they were taking the time in fixing the stage. "I swear every little nick that appears on the stage, they have to fix it. They should just leave it alone and let us fight already!"

"Don't worry about it Vegeta," calmed Goku. "I'm sure it will be done quickly. Besides Gohan didn't do too much damage to the stage so it should only take a few more minutes."

"Whatever," Vegeta scoffed off. He then turned towards Trunks who was right next to him. "Trunks, you and Goten finish this fight quickly so me and Kakarotto can fight."

"Okay Papa," nodded the purpled haired demi-saiyan responded.

"I wouldn't rule out a quick victory all ready Vegeta-san," spoke a voice. Everyone turned their heads and saw Gohan and Negi heading towards their position.

"Nii-chan!" Goten said happily as he rushed to Gohan and hugged him.

"Heya Goten!" greeted Gohan as he grabbed the approaching demi-saiyan and hugged him back.

"What makes you say that brat?" Vegeta asked.

"Well Kaede-san is strong," Gohan replied. "Very strong. I would say close to the level of Ku Fei-san."

"Yeah that's right and plus she's a ninja," added Negi.

"Incredible! That is so cool," Trunks excitedly said.

"Whatever," Vegeta said.

"Hey Negi, what are you and Gohan-san doing here?" asked the purple haired demi-saiyan. "Aren't you supposed to be with that 'Eva-chan' person?"

"Well…" trailed off Gohan.

"We were kicked out," Negi said bluntly. "I still don't know why though. I wanted to learn more about master's past."

"Me too Negi-san," Gohan said. Although, when she did say that we needed to leave, her face was beat red, Gohan said to himself. I wonder why though? She might have a fever maybe. Oh well, at least she's at the infirmary where she can be treated. "Anyways Trunks, shouldn't you and Goten get ready?"

"That's right! Goten, fusion!" Trunks said. Goten nodded and the two of them went off some place where no one could see them fuse into one being.

Meanwhile, the stage was ready for the next match. "Thank you everyone for your patience!" Kazumi said. "We apologize for any convenience but we wanted to have the stage be the same for everyone so as to have an equal advantage. Anyways, let us begin Match No. 7!" With that the crowd roared in cheers for the upcoming match, although most people didn't know who the challengers were. Regardless, based on the previous fights, it should be exciting nonetheless.



* * *



In a nearby alleyway where no one was present there, Trunks and Goten appeared and prepared themselves for the fusion technique. "This is going to be exciting," Goten said with a happy grin on his face.

"Goten," Trunks said, stopping Goten in his tracks, "I have been thinking."

"About what Trunks-kun?" asked the black haired demi-saiyan.

"You know how the match is supposed to be 15 minutes long?" Goten nodded. "I have been thinking that we should stay at our normal state during fusion for most of the fight time in order to impress the crowd," Trunks said.

"But Trunks-kun, didn't Vegeta-san say we should end the fight quickly?" Goten questioned.

"Dummy!" Trunks exclaimed. "I know Papa said that, but that wouldn't be very exciting for us or the audience."

"The audience?"

"That's right," Trunks replied. "The way I'm thinking is that I figure that even in our regular Fusion state, that Kaede-nee-san stands no chance against us Saiyans. So how about if we level the playing field and lower our power level to hers? That way, we both are on equal terms and the fight will be drawn out as well." Goten nodded at the explanation as Trunks continued. "Everyone will get anxious because of the approaching time limit and we wouldn't have to worry about us ending the Fusion too early. But then, with five minutes to go, we become Super Saiyan and put her away in a flash! What do you think Goten? It will be totally cool, right?"

Goten nodded in agreement. "Right!" He said with a big smile on his face. "Yeah! Let's do it!" Then Goten and Trunks got into their fusion position and did the technique as they screamed out in unison, "Fuu-sion!" Then once their fingers touched each other, they screamed out, "HAA!"

Then suddenly a bright light appeared and surrounded the two young demi-saiyans. The light subsided to reveal one person instead of two! This person was Gotenks! "Ta-da! Gotenks-sama has appeared once again!" With that, a blue aura surrounded the fused warrior as he shot up into the sky and flew away towards the Budokai arena.



* * *



Back at the arena…

"Let us begin with Match No. 7!" shouted Kazumi. "In this corner, we have the elegant ninja of Mahora class of 3-A Nagase Kaede!" Kazumi said pointing to Kaede, who looked calm and collected amongst the cheering. "And in the other, we have the mysterious fighter that no one has seen except during the preliminaries, Gotenks!" Kazumi gestured towards the other corner in order to show Gotenks, however something was wrong…Gotenks wasn't there! "Ara? Where could challenger Gotenks be?"

"HAHAHA!" laughed a loud voice which drew everyone's attention as they focused towards the direction of the voice. Everyone looked up into the sky and noticed a bright light heading towards the arena and appearing in the corner of where Gotenks should be. There was a figure within the glow but no one could make out who it was, until the glow disappeared, revealing…Gotenks! "Dum-dum-dum-dumm! It's Gotenks!" The fused warrior said as he did his signature pose for the audience. The crowd loved it especially the entrance as they roared wildly with cheer.

Meanwhile, Piccolo face-palmed and shook his head. "Not again," he muttered.

Kazumi, impressed at the entrance that Gotenks made since she knew the only person that could fly was Gohan and his friends, continued to speak in the microphone. "Now that the challengers are both on the stage, let us begin Match No. 7!" A bell rang, signifying the start of the match.

Kaede positioned herself in a fighting stance while Gotenks crossed his arms and had smirk on his face. A few seconds passed in which neither fighter made a move. "Ara? Aren't you going to attack de-gozarou?" asked the ninja.

Gotenks let out a grin. "Actually, if you let would us start, that would be great since we have been itching to fight against you Kaede-nee-san," said the fused warrior.

Kaede smiled. "By all means," the ninja said.

Gotenks put himself in a fighting stance. "Great, then get ready cuz here we come!" With that Gotenks jumped high into the air as he prepared his attack on Kaede. "DYNAMITE KICK!" Gotenks yelled as he came flying down from the sky with a high right kick, aiming at Kaede's face. The kick hit its target as Kaede fell to the floor immediately. Gotenks landed softly on the stage, panting a bit for air. He let out a grin as the crowd was in awe at Gotenks skill. However, the cheering stopped when Kaede poofed into thin air, catching everyone by surprise especially Gotenks. He looked around the stage, trying to find the ninja when suddenly he heard a voice behind him.

"Is that it?" Gotenks turned around to see Kaede standing right behind him and giving him a smirking look.

Gotenks clenched his teeth and fists as he jumped back to give some distance between each other. "Don't toy with me!" Then he dashed from his position as he went full speed at the ninja, pulling back his right leg. He yelled out his attack as he hit Kaede squared in the gut, "DYNAMITE KICK BOOMERANG!" As soon as Gotenks landed both feet on the ground, the kick that was sent on Kaede exploded!

The crowd awed at the sight. "Simply amazing!" shouted Kazumi, even though she was bit worried about her classmate's wellbeing. "Challenger Gotenks has given Challenger Kaede a devastating kick that resulted in an explosion! Wonder if the ninja of Mahora will be able to come out of this one?"

Chisame's eyebrows were twitching at the spectacle while everyone around her was in awe. Idiots! Chisame said to herself. These are all tricks! I just know it! There is no way a kick can cause an explosion or have people flying! Seriously Chao, you played everyone the fool except for me.

Gotenks stuck his tongue out, thinking that he got himself the victory when in fact he didn't. The smoke dissipated, revealing Kaede unharmed. Gotenks was shocked. How was she able to survive that? He then looked to an object that was right next to her and saw that it was a piece of wood from the stage! How could that be? "You are wondering how was able to get out of that?" Kaede asked. "Since you are young, I will tell you. I simply used a substitution jutsu to escape from that attack de-gozarou."

Gotenks backed up a bit. "Y-You're sure putting up with a lot," he said.

Kaede smiled. "Of course, why wouldn't I be de-gozarou?" She said. "I guess it's mine turn now." She put her hands in the form of a seal that Kotarou immediately recognized. "KAGE NO BUSHIN JUTSU!" Suddenly, a five Kaedes appeared on the stage, catching a few people by surprise.

"Incredible!" Kazumi said. "Challenger Kaede has made copies of herself which, by the way, is within the rule books of the Budokai in case you were wondering."

Gotenks simply grinned. "You have been hiding a few tricks haven't you?" He said. "Oh well, even if you are hidden amongst your clones, I will hit with this attack." Once Gotenks finished saying that, he began to spun his right arm in a clockwise position so fast that it looked like saucer, ready to cut any opponent. Gotenks rushed towards the position of Kaede and her clones and went on the attack as he yelled out, "ROLLING THUNDER PUNCH!" He gave a devastating punch on one of the Kaede's, who simply poofed in the air like it was nothing. Gotenks was caught by surprise by the sudden change in events. "Dammit, this wasn't the one! Gotta use another move now!" He put one of his knees on the ground and put two fingers on both sides of his head as he dashed forward with great speed at the clones. "INOSHISHI ATTACK!" He head-butts a few of the clones with all his might, causing them to disappear but at the same time causing a small explosion on the stage.

The crowd stood on their feet, anxious to what was going to happen next after that explosion while Vegeta and Piccolo just face-palmed themselves and shook their heads in disappointment. Goku meanwhile was having a blast at seeing the boys fight and use weird techniques in their fight. Despite that though, he was kind of worried that the boys were getting carried away with the fight. They wouldn't want to make Vegeta mad for delaying the match against him and Goku.

Meanwhile, inside the smoke, Gotenks was looking around for Kaede's real body as he had hit all of her clones. "Kuso, where are you?" He muttered.

"Right here," spoke a voice behind the fused warrior. Gotenks turned around and prepared himself in a defensive stance but it was too late. Kaede had the jump on him already. While Gotenks was looking around, Kaede had made four more copies of herself. All four of them poured ki into their palms and slammed Gotenks's body with it and then sped past his body which flew out of the smoke. At the same time, she made a cross. "KAEDE NINPOU FOUR BODY CLONE HAZY CROSS!" A cross appeared on the fused warrior's body and an explosion occurred, sending Gotenks flying and into the water around the stage.

"I-Incredible!" commented Kazumi over on the mic. "While we were waiting for the smoke to disappear, Challenger Kaede landed a devastating attack on Gotenks, sending the poor boy outside of the ring and into the water. Remember he has ten seconds to come back into the arena. Let's start the counting! 1!"

Vegeta kept twitching his fingers, pissed that the boys haven't finished this fight already! "What the hell are you doing?" He screamed, catching a few of the spectators around him by surprise. "Get the hell up or I will destroy you right here and now!"

"Wow! Someone has some anger issues," Kazumi said which immediately drew the Saiyan's glare that sent shivers down Kazumi's spine.

"Hai, hai, I got it," spoke a voice when the water burst upwards, revealing a slightly bruised Gotenks. He landed on the stage, wiping of the water around his face and hair. "You're pretty tough, aren't you? Well, that's all just what I was planning on!" Gotenks said. He then got himself in a fighting pose. "All right! I'm starting the second round now!" He dashed towards Kaede's position and engaged himself with her in fist fight as the two warriors clashed fists and kicks. Small shock waves appeared every time the two warriors clashed fists or knee strikes.

"Aww man," Gohan said. "Gotenks is not taking this fight seriously."

"You said it Gohan," Piccolo added. "I feel a sense of déjà vu."

Gotenks jumped into the air and unleashed a barrage of punches at Kaede. "SENJU KANNON PUNCH!" Each punch left a dent mark on the ground, causing Kazumi to jump off the arena as to not get hit by a stray punch.

"Is there no end to Gotenks's attacks?" Kazumi said. "How is Challenger Kaede handling all of this barrage of attacks?" To answer that, the crowd simply had to watch Kaede as she avoided each punch with ease. Gotenks clenched his teeth once he noticed that his attack was having no effect on the ninja.

"I guess it's time to use that attack," Gotenks said as he raised his arm upwards and his right leg to the side, trying to appear as if he were a top. He began to spun around and yelled out his attack, "DAIKAITEN KICK!" Using centrifugal force to make himself spin faster, he sped towards Kaede's position and prepared to unleash the attack. However, Kaede simply side-stepped and let the attack go by her. Gotenks couldn't stop himself from spinning as he landed on the stage, causing a minor explosion which found himself having his body underneath the floor and his head on top. His eyes had swirling circles due to the dizziness done by the spinning.

The crowd all sweat-dropped at the sight of Gotenks having his body buried underneath the arena floor. Even Kazumi was unsure what to say. "I-It seems that Gotenks has gotten stuck underneath the floor after unleashing his attack on Kaede," commented Kazumi. "What will happen now with only a few minutes remaining? Let's start the count."

Kaede walked up to the head of Gotenks. She let out a disappointed sigh. "I guess you weren't that strong after all," she said. "It seems this match has been decided already de-gozarou."

But because of what Kaede said, Gotenks was snapped out of his condition as he shook his head. "What did you say?" Gotenks asked. "Talk big to me, will you? You don't get how fearsome I am at all, do you?" Suddenly, ray of golden light started to shine through the floor and around Gotenks's position. Kaede was taken aback by the appearance of the golden light that seemed familiar to her. A bright light shone in the area, causing everyone to cover their eyes. When they opened them, everyone gaped at the sight. Gotenks was out! "You'll be sorry! Now you've made me seriously angry!" He put his hand forward in which a ball of golden ki appeared. Gotenks squished it completely, causing Kaede to take a step back.

Vegeta knew what was going on. "Finally," he said. "He is getting serious." Negi and Gohan turned their head, curious as to what Vegeta was talking about when he meant about Gotenks getting serious. Then it hit Negi and Gohan. It couldn't be?

Gotenks took a deep breath as he put his arms up towards the sky. "SUUUUUUU-PPPEEEER SAIYAN!" Suddenly a bright column of golden light surrounded the fused demi-saiyan warrior. A bright globe of golden energy surrounded Gotenks for a while as he prepared his transformation. Everyone had to cover their eyes due to the bright light that Gotenks was producing. Konoka, Asuna, Negi, Gohan, Kotarou, Yue and Nodoka all had one eye opened to see what was going on with Gotenks. No one could see clearly as to what was happening. Then finally, Gotenks let out a yell, causing the dome to disappear and reveal himself in his new transformation. Everyone stood shocked at Gotenks's transformation. He had golden hair, his eyes changed color to a jade color and a blazing golden aura surrounded the fused warrior. Gotenks had transformed into a Super Saiyan!

Kaede let out a big smile on her face. "So this is it huh? This is the same as to what Gohan-kun did during the Kyoto trip," she commented. "This is going to be fun."



* * *



Author's note: Another cliffhanger! Hehehehe. Wonder who will win this match? You just gotta keep reading then. So we are close approaching the match that everyone is ready to read. I know that you have been extremely patient (especially after reading some of the reviews lately) but don't worry it will come, I promise.

In the meantime, please review! I love hearing from everyone! Also, we have the glossary! Yay!

Glossary:

Demon Clan: I don't know how they said it in the American Dub cuz its been a while but in the Japanese anime, Piccolo was thought to be from a clan known as the Demon Clan until he found out that he was a Namekian. The Demon Clan was the same clan that Garlic Jr. belonged too. Hope that helps.

Demonic Four Monarchs: These warriors were Garlic Jr.'s subordinates during the anime filler between the Freeza Saga and Cell Saga. I think they were called the Spice Boys in the American Dub.

Again, please read and review! See you guys around! Peace!





*Chapter 29*: The Fated Battle!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. See chapter 1 for more details.

Author's note: Hey everybody! How are you guys enjoying December? I'm doing pretty good as it has started to snow in Iwate which is nice for me. Looks like I am going to have a white Christmas this year! Hehehehe. I love the holiday season. It is the most joyous time of the year. And because I am feeling so joyous as well as that I have started my Christmas vacation today (Thank God!), I am going to present to you the chapter/match that you have all been patiently waiting for!

I want to say thank you to Nasha Rei-Kun for being my 300th reviewer. Thank you for your support and to everyone else as well! Thank you very much!

I want to thank Ignisha for being my temporary beta-reader as naioka1992 is having computer problems at the moment. He was extremely helpful in looking over the story. So without further adieu, I present to you Chapter 29 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 29: The Fated Battle! The Clash of Son Goku vs. Vegeta!

The crowd was in shock. There, in the middle of the arena, was a young boy who had just did something extraordinary…he transformed! Into what though wondered all of them? Everyone, except for Gohan, Negi, Goku, Vegeta, Piccolo, Kuririn, Asuna, Setsuna and Konoka did not exactly what Gotenks transformed into. Nodoka, Yue, Ku Fei, Mana, Kotarou and Kaede knew that Gohan had done something similar before either during the Kyoto trip or during the battle against Broli, the Legendary Super Saiyan.

"W-What could this be?" Kazumi shouted in the mic as she started to back away from the arena floor that the contestants were standing on. "Contestant Gotenks has transformed I think, and there is a golden glow about his body!"

Chisame couldn't believe what she was seeing. "W-What?" She asked to no one in particular as she stood over the railing. T-This is impossible! Chisame said to herself. It is inconceivable! It has to be a trick! It has to be!

Kotarou on the other hand, who was standing right next to her, was in awe. He had no idea that those two could produce so much energy output right now. Then an idea hit him. Maybe, he could ask the two young demi-saiyans to teach him and Negi the fusion technique to become the ultimate fighter! Kotarou shook his head. No it wouldn't be right, Kotarou said. Negi and I are rivals. There is no way I would fuse with him!

Meanwhile, at the commentators' desk, Chachamaru and Gotenkiji were in shock at the display of Gotenks's powers. "W-What in the world happened to that kid?" Gotenkiji asked. Chachamaru knew full well what Gotenks did. After all, she had the data provided by Eva installed in her systems if ever the need to fight against such an opponent ever came up.

"Heh, what are these humans acting so surprised," Vegeta said. "Gotenks just turned Super Saiyan, that's all."

Some of the people around Vegeta, Goku, Gohan, Negi and Piccolo all turned their heads when Vegeta mentioned about Gotenks's special transformation. "Super…" trailed someone.

"…Saiyan, did you say?" Finished someone else the sentence.

"That's right. You see, to put it simply, so that even you weaklings can understand, up until now, Gotenks hasn't meant business. That's what this means," Vegeta said with a scruff. "It's about time that he did it. I was thinking of going in there and punish him for not ending this fight any time sooner." The people around the fighters were unsure what Vegeta was talking about. But obviously they could feel incredible energy emanating from Gotenks's position.

Gohan frowned his eyebrows in worry and anticipation of what was going to happen next. Now it's time for the real fight to begin, Gohan said to himself as he and his friends look onwards towards the stage.

On the stage, Gotenks jumped around with tip-toes, similar to what boxers do during a fight. There was a rather large smile on his face as if he already knew the outcome of the fight. "So what do you think Kaede-nee-san? Impressive huh?" said the fused demi-saiyan warrior.

Kaede's expression was plain in response as she looked at Gotenks. Then a smirk appeared on her face, surprising the fused demi-saiyan warrior. "So this is similar to what Gohan-kun did before," Kaede said. "I didn't know that others could do it."

"Heh, you'd be surprised," Gotenks said. "Let's just say I am not the only one who can transform into a Super Saiyan."

"I see," responded Kaede. "Then that means you must be the weakest one."

Gotenks flinched and got angry at Kaede's comments. "What did you say?"

"If there are others out there, then that means you must the weakest one since you had to transform in order to defeat me," Kaede explained.

Gotenks clenched his fists in anger. "Why you!" He said angrily as the blazing aura around him expanded as a result of his feelings. Kaede smiled. Perfect, she said to herself. Now, he will be wide open due to his anger. Piccolo clenched his teeth as he watched the match from the stands. Idiot, the Namekian said to himself. Gotenks just fell for her trap. Cocky as always. Gohan thought the same as well. Even though he wasn't present during Gotenks's fight against Majin Boo, he knew that the fused demi-saiyan warrior had a cocky attitude. It probably had to do with more of Trunks's personality than of Goten's.

Gotenks positioned himself in his usual fighting pose with a cocky smile on his face, all the while his eyebrows were twitching in anger. "I'll show you nee-san! I was going to use my ultimate technique for last but you forced me to do it! Be ready to pay the price for pissing me off!" Gotenks brought both of his arms together on top of his chest in an x-formation as he let out a war cry. His blazing aura expanded even further, causing some of the pebbles and debris on the arena to rise up. As a result, Kaede took a few steps backwards and positioned herself in a defensive position. She didn't what Gotenks was planning but it wasn't good based on the amount of energy that the fused demi-saiyan warrior was releasing.

"Contestant Gotenks is releasing a huge amount of energy!" commented Kazumi as she tried to shield her eyes from the bright light and debris flying around. "What will our young contestant do now?" Gotenks let out a smirk as he took in a deep breath, causing his chest to expand. Then he started to regurgitate out something: a white-looking cloud into the air. The crowd was held in suspense at what trick or technique Gotenks was going to lay out. The white-looking cloud then started to take shade of a…ghost of Gotenks? The crowd was in shock! "Wh-What in the world?" Kazumi said into the mic as the ghost took the resemblance of Gotenks's head.

"Hello," said the ghost. "I'm a ghost! Ehehe!"

"Hehehe," chuckled the fused demi-saiyan warrior. "You are finished!" He said as he pointed towards Kaede. "Now go ghost!" The ghost quickly nodded and sped off towards Kaede's position. Kaede took a defensive position, ready to block the attack.

However, she heard a yell from the stands, "WATCH OUT KAEDE-SAN! DON'T TOUCH THAT GHOST!" Kaede and Gotenks heard the voice but were unable to ascertain from who it came from. Regardless, Kaede avoided the incoming ghost as it sped past by the Mahora Ninja and back into the air. The ghost let out a chuckle and went straight at the Ninja's position. Kaede took the unknown voice's advice to heart as she quickly collected ki in her hand and sent out a small blast at the incoming ghost. The ki blast was small and weak when compared to what Gohan has thrown but regardless, the blast touched the ghost, causing it to glow brightly and then…explode! It was a huge explosion that covered the entire stage and causing everyone to cover themselves from the outpouring debris that came from the stage.

Negi started to get worried about Kaede, but before he could say anything, he felt a pat on his shoulder. He turned around to see Gohan smiling at him, assuring him that there was nothing to get worried about. Negi was curious as to who yelled that out loud, but he thought about it, it might have been Gohan who yelled. Regardless though, even if Gohan yelled for Kaede to watch out, Negi couldn't believe the destructive power of that ghost. What the hell was that?

The crowd stood at the edge of their seats, hoping that the two fighters were all right. The smoke began to dissipate, revealing the two fighters on the stage. Gotenks was fine, a disappointed look on his face in that he didn't get to eliminate Kaede at using that attack. Kaede, meanwhile, was panting a bit. Her clothes ripped in a few areas due to the proximity of the explosion. However, there was a bit of fear in her eyes on that attack. What kind of attack was that? She wondered. Gotenks let out a sigh. "Man, I thought that blast would have knocked you out or something onee-san," Gotenks said. "I didn't think that you survived that."

Kaede smiled. "Thank you for the vote of confidence Gotenks-bozu," said the Mahora Ninja. "That was some attack. What is it?"

"You like it?" smiled brightly the fused demi-saiyan warrior. "I call it the Super Ghost Kamikaze Attack! I spit out a ghost and with the slightest touch, the ghost explodes! Pretty cool huh?"

"Indeed," Kaede responded. "But I'm sure you can only use that technique only once since it is very powerful."

"That's where you are wrong Kaede-nee-san," Gotenks said with a smirk. "I can actually make an army of ghosts if I wanted to." Kaede's eyebrows widened when she heard that. He could do that? She asked herself however, a sly smile appeared on her face. This could work to my advantage.

"Fine then," she said. "Prove it to me."

"With pleasure," Gotenks responded as he powered up once again, his blazing golden aura returning. He took a deep breath and out came multiple ghosts from his mouth, 30 to be exact. All the white globs took the form of Gotenks's head. All of them were giggling, ready to pounce on the Mahora Ninja. "So what do you think Kaede-nee-san?"

"Very interesting," Kaede said as she did a hand sign that Kotarou immediately recognized. "But I wonder if it be able to beat my technique. KAGE NO BUSHIN!" Suddenly, various Kaedes appeared out of nowhere and surrounded the original Kaede. "Let's see which technique is better."

"Heh," Gotenks said. "Mine will definitely win! Go Ghosts!" The ghosts all nodded and quickly sped towards Kaede's position. Kaede then sent out her own clones to counterattack the incoming ghosts. The two sides clashed with each other, resulting in a bright that covered the entire stage. Explosions were going off every second as well as ki blasts going every direction. It was like a war zone.

"E-Exactly what of kind of fight are we seeing unfold before us now?" shouted Kazumi as she ducked for cover from the incoming blasts and explosions. "I cannot even make a prediction!" Gohan clenched his fists in worry. Sure, Kaede was strong in her own right but Gotenks was on a whole different level. He hoped that the Mahora Ninja wouldn't come out of this fight too badly injured. He started to move closer to the stage, ready to leap in at a moment's notice to protect his friends but was stopped by Piccolo's hand on his shoulder.

"Piccolo-san?" Gohan said as he turned around to speak to the Namekian.

"Don't worry Gohan," replied Piccolo. "There is no need to head over there. The match is already over."

"Huh?" sounded everyone as they turned their attention towards Piccolo.

"What do you mean over Piccolo-san?" Negi asked. "Who is going to win?"

"Just watch Negi," Piccolo replied, pointing to the stage. "The answer will be very clear in a few seconds." Everyone was unsure on what the Namekian was talking about since he gave an unclear answer as to who was going to win. Everyone then turned their attention towards the stage, trying to see what Piccolo was looking at.

Amidst all the explosions and ki blasts, there were two figures ducking it out in close combat. Negi and the group looked closer at the two figures to see Kaede and Gotenks fighting tooth and nail against each other. Everyone was amazed at Kaede's speed, being able to match against Gotenks. No…that wasn't it. It was Kaede's clones as Gotenks was easily beating each other but every time one was defeated, another one took its place. This was getting exhausting for Gotenks since even though he was much more powerful than Kaede right now, fighting multiple opponents while having unleashed 30 kamikaze ghosts was very taxing for the fused demi-saiyan warrior.

This went on for a few more seconds. In the meantime, the explosions and ki blasts slowly decreased over time as there were becoming fewer and fewer ghosts while the clones kept on reappearing like nothing happened. Gotenks was in trouble! He needed to back up and unleash more ghosts in order to even out the playing field. He punched one of the Kaede's clones in the stomach, causing it to poof away. He jumped into the air and immediately brought back his blazing golden aura. He was about to do his Super Ghost Kamikaze Attack but suddenly, he heard a voice behind him, "Not so fast." Gotenks quickly turned his head to see a smiling Kaede before him. Before he could do anything, Kaede sent a powerful ki-enhanced punch at Gotenks, sending him flying towards the stage and crashing hard.

The crash created a rather large crater on the arena floor. Gotenks quickly got up, ready to dish out another attack. "Why you!" said an enraged Gotenks. "REVENGE CANNON!" He opened his mouth wide and let out a large yellow ki wave at Kaede's position up in the sky. The crowd's eyes popped out of their sockets seeing that Gotenks just sent out a large beam out of his mouth! This was an incredible fight! The wave quickly engulfed Kaede as she braced for impact. The crowd stood at the edge of their seats, wondering if Kaede had even survived that.

Gotenks let out smirk, knowing that he full well won the battle. "Wow that was impressive."

"Yeah it was," Gotenks responded until he jerked and realized that something was wrong. There shouldn't be anyone next to him. He quickly turned his head and noticed Kaede standing next to him. When did she get behind me? Gotenks said to himself. But before he could do anything, he felt a sharp pain on his neck as Kaede karate chop with a ki-enhancement on her hands on the fused demi-saiyan warrior's neck. Gotenks was sent to floor, his Super Saiyan appearance disappearing, going back to his regular state. He landed on the stage with a thud.

"Shit!" Gotenks said. "I can't move."

Kaede let out a sigh. "That's it. This match is over."

Kazumi noticed Gotenks on the arena floor laying down and started the count. While she did the counting, Gotenks asked the Mahora Ninja. "What the hell did you do? I thought I hit you with that blast."

"That is true," Kaede replied. "However, since you were so focused on me that you forgot about my clones. Thus I quickly made a shadow clone when I got behind you when we were up in the air de-gozarou."

"Dammit," Gotenks cursed.

Meanwhile, Piccolo just looked onto the stage sternly. "Always forgetting the basics of fighting," the Namekian said. "Learn from this Negi."

"Huh? What do you mean?" Negi asked.

"Are you an idiot?" Vegeta mused. "The Namekian is giving advice for your upcoming match."

"Oh yeah, I forgot about that!" Negi said, causing Gohan to chuckle a bit. Sometimes Negi-san, you can be stupid, Gohan said to himself.

"And…ten! Challenger Kaede wins the match with an unprecedented display of strength! With almost no time left, Kaede had pulled out an incredible victory over the powerful Gotenks!" Kazumi shouted as she lifted Kaede's arm to signal the victor. The crowd roared in cheer at the winner and at the incredible match that they had just witnessed. "What an incredible battle! Hope the next one is better than this one cuz we will be starting in 15 minutes in order to repair the stage!"

"NO YOU WON'T!" yelled someone. Everyone in the crowd quickly turned their attention towards the voice. It was coming from Vegeta and he was not happy! "My match is next! I don't care about the condition of the stage! Let's us just fight already! Don't you agree Kakarotto?"

"Kakarotto?" Kazumi questioned, remembering back to a certain Saiyan who kept on repeating that same thing before.

"That's right! The one you call Goku!" Vegeta responded as he stepped closer to the railing. He then floated in the air and flew towards the arena stage. Everyone in the crowd was in shock including Chisame! All the challengers left and right appear to be floating like it was no trouble at all! What the hell was going on?

Vegeta landed softly on the stage, his eyes glaring at Gotenks who was slowly getting up. "Pathetic, I can't believe you lost," Vegeta said.

"Sorry," responded Gotenks.

"Well you should be cuz when we get back home, it will be double training from now!" Vegeta said, causing Gotenks to flinched and sweat in fear. "Kakarotto! It's time to begin our match!"

Everyone looked at the spot where Vegeta was looking at to see a grinning Son Goku. "You're on!" Goku yelled back. He was about to jump onto the stage but stopped when Gohan approached him. "What's up Gohan?" asked the spikey haired Saiyan.

"Dad," said Gohan, "please be careful in not showing too much during the match."

Goku blinked a few times, trying to understand what Gohan was talking about. "What do you mean?"

Gohan sighed as he shook his head. "What I am trying to say Dad is that try not destroy the stage or even show off too many moves."

"I don't know Gohan," replied the Saiyan. "This match is going to be epic. I don't think I am going to be able to hold back. I don't even think Vegeta will either. This is going to be exciting!" With that Goku jumped off the railing and flew towards the stage. That is what I am afraid of, Gohan said to himself as smile appeared on his face.

This action caught the attention of the ten year old red haired teacher. "Gohan-san, why are you smiling?" Negi asked.

"Negi-san, you are about to witness an incredible fight," Gohan replied. "My Dad and Vegeta-san are very strong and will be fighting all out so get ready for some real action."

"That's right," Piccolo added. "And you two should learn from their fight as well Gohan and Negi. One of you will have to fight against either one of them so be prepared."

Gohan and Negi quickly nodded in agreement. "Hai!"

"Negi-bozu!" screamed a voice, causing the ten year old teacher to turn his attention towards the direction of the voice. He spotted Kaede walking towards their position with a smile on her face as always.

"Kaede-san!" greeted Negi the approaching Mahora Ninja. "That was an amazing match that you had."

"Yeah, I was a bit worried there," Gohan added, "especially when you were going against a Super Saiyan."

"Thank you Negi-bozu, Gohan-kun," Kaede said as she finally reached their position. "To be honest I was worried too. If it were any other opponent who did that, the outcome would have been different de-gozarou."

"That is right," Piccolo said. "If Gotenks hadn't forgotten the basics, then match would have surely favored him. It was nice planning of yours to get the boys agitated."

"Thank you Piccolo-san," Kaede said. "By the way what do you mean 'boys'? It was only one de-gozarou."

"You will see soon enough," Piccolo said. "But for now, let's focus on this match."



* * *



Meanwhile, in the infirmary…

"Brats, who's fighting right now?" Eva asked Setsuna and Asuna as she sat up in her bed in the infirmary.

"It's Goku-san and that Vegeta guy," Asuna replied. When she saw the vampire's eyes widen she tilted her head to the side. "What's wrong?"

"What's wrong? I'm sitting in this bed is what's wrong!" Eva shouted.

"Shh...you might wake up Ku-san," Setsuna told the vampire.

"I'm already up aru." Ku stated as the girls looked at her stretching her arms. "That was a good rest..." she yawned. "Ara what's going on?"

"Evangeline-san is complaining about being in bed."

"I am not complaining!" the vampire shouted. "Just move me to the window before the match starts! I want to see this fight!"

"Huh?" the three girls shouted. "You can't be that excited about this match can you?" Asuna asked.

"You girls don't get it do you? Just how this fight is going to be?" When Eva got confused looks she sighed. "Fine. Let me explain this to you so you simpletons can understand. You know how the assistant is very strong." All three girls nodded in agreement. "Well, as you may know, the assistant doesn't like to fight as much as he should, partly due to him being from Earth. Goku, his father, and Vegeta, on the other hand, are pure blood Saiyans. They love to fight for the thrill of it. If you thought that the boya and Takamichi's fight was something, wait till you see this fight. These two are going to go all out. This is going to be a battle you don't want to miss."



* * *



Back at the arena…

Goku landed softly on the arena ground, directly in front of Vegeta as Kazumi proceeded with the introductions. "It seems like our two last fighters didn't want to wait any longer to fight," Kazumi said. "So let me get going with the introductions! On this corner we have challenger Son Goku. Son Goku is the father of the well-known assistant teacher Son Gohan, student to the great Muten Roshi and also winner of the 23rd Tenkaichi Budokai!" Everyone in the crowd all began to murmur between themselves, talking about Goku as soon as the news of him being a former winner of the Tenkaichi Budokai that Mister Satan has kept on winning must mean he was a really strong fighter. "And in this corner, we have the mysterious Challenger Vegeta. Not much is known about this fighter other than he is married to Bulma Brief, the head of the Capsule Corporation, and apparently the father of Gotenks. What an interesting combination!"

Kazumi was about to signal the start of the match but stopped when Goku patted her on the shoulder. "Hey red-haired girl, you should definitely get off the stage. I wouldn't want you to get hurt," Goku said.

"But I have to be watchful of the fight," Kazumi responded. "Make sure it's fair."

"Trust me it will be fair," Goku replied with a Son grin on his face. "Gohan wouldn't want one of his girlfriends to get hurt now would he?"

G-G-Gi-Girlfriend? Kazumi stuttered to herself as a blush appeared on her face immediately. "Y-Y-You do have a point Goku-san," Kazumi said as she walked away from the stage. "Just make sure that the fight will be fair."

"Will do," responded the Saiyan as he turned his attention towards Vegeta.

Vegeta's face was grinning like mad. "Finally," he said, "we can get our match started. You have no idea how long I have waited for this. My dream match against you was supposed to be during that stupid Tenkaichi Budokai before Majin Boo interrupted us. But today…today will be the day that I finally beat you Kakarotto!"

"I don't know about that Vegeta," Goku as he started to do his stretching exercises. "I'm pretty tough. But I have to agree with you though. Ever since that supposed match during the Tenkaichi Budokai, I always wanted to face you in a tournament. And here we are. Let's have a good match shall we?"

"We shall," Vegeta said as he got himself into his fighting pose as did Goku.

"Let match No. 8 begin!" Kazumi shouted and loud bell rung throughout the arena grounds, signaling the start of the match.

In a flash both warriors disappeared from the sight of all the audience, moving faster than all but the Z senshi, and Negi somewhat, could follow. Seconds later the two appeared up in the sky trading blows at lightning speed. Goku sent a fist out at Vegeta's face but the Prince of all Saiyans easily blocked the blow and sent one of his own at his rival. Goku teleported himself to quickly get out of the way of the blow and appeared behind the Saiyan Prince with an elbow to the back.

Vegeta recovered quickly, using his ki to stop any momentum from the blow. In an instant he sent his fist flying forward into Goku's face catching his rival off guard. Goku floated back a few feet with his guard dropped for just a split second. That split second was all Vegeta needed. The Prince of Saiyans fazed out of sight and appeared behind Goku and drove an elbow down into Goku's head sending the Saiyan crashing into the floor of the ring hard. Never letting up for a second, Vegeta proceeded to fire a volley of small blasts into the crater that he'd made with his rival's body.

Vegeta immediately powered up, a blue blazing aura surrounding the Prince of Saiyans. He then curled his fingers and placed both his hands together at chest level facing the same direction so that the palm of one hand is on the back of the other. A fuchsia-colored ball began to form in his hands. Vegeta screamed out the attack's name, "GYALLAIC-HO!" He thrust both hands forward to fire a powerful of energy, sending it towards the same spot where he launchd of a volley of ki blasts. The result was an even bigger explosion and dust cloud that covered the entire stage. Everyone covered their eyes from the explosion and the debris that flew from it.

Kazumi was thankful to Goku for telling her to get off the stage entirely. If not, she might have been caught in that explosion. "I-Incredible! Challenger Vegeta has launched a devastating attack against Son Goku. Will Challenger Goku be okay after that attack?" Kazumi shouted in the mic.

Vegeta smirked. "You can stop hiding Kakarotto!" yelled the Prince of Saiyans. "I know that you survived that attack. Where are you?"

"Right here." Vegeta turned around to see Goku right behind him, pulling back his leg to land a devastating kick on Vegeta's back side. Vegeta was sent flying towards the stage, but instead of crashing onto the ground, he turned around in mid-air and landed on the ground softly. Goku followed the same thing as he landed right in front of the Prince of Saiyans, grinning like mad. "That was impressive Vegeta," Goku said as he moved around his shoulders. "I didn't think you were going to use that technique."

"Heh, you don't know much about me then Kakarotto," Vegeta said. "But stop playing around and fight me for real!"

"Okay then," Goku said as he put himself in his usual fighting pose. Then he made his move. Sprinting forward, Goku prepared to charge, only to flash into super speed right before Vegeta's eyes. The Prince of Saiyan gasped, wide eyed. He averted his gaze skywards, where he saw Goku appear right there above him, charging at him full speed.

Caught completely off guard, Vegeta brought up his arms in defense, his stance changing to fit this. Goku punched it, accelerating as he charged straight down at his rival, energy level rising dramatically. Bringing his left arm back, Goku threw it forward just as he reached Vegeta, both arms clashing with a bang. A shockwave occurred, followed by an explosion of force that punched a massive crater into the ring right beneath Vegeta's feet. The very appearance of the crater sent rubble, dust and debris flying into the air, forming a dome over and around them. The Prince of Saiyans was forced back, using all his strength to hold his position and grapple against his opponent. Teeth gritted, he attempted to fight back his opponent who continued to drive forward. Well, there's a hefty staring contest.

It was a few seconds later after a moment of grappling, Vegeta attacked. Just as they were set in their present positions, the Prince of Saiyans punched at with his left fist, hooking at Goku in front of him. Goku zapped into super speed, Vegeta's fist hitting nothing but air.

Growling, Vegeta leapt off of the ground and pursued, immediately shooting off into super speed, the moment he had leapt off the ground. Five more seconds past and nothing happened, until shock waves began ringing out across the ring and through the air. These explosions of force shook everything around them for miles, the people letting out cries of surprise when they began to feel and hear these phenomenal bursts of strength. All eyes began searching the air spaces in front of them for any signs of the two fighters, but all they could see were invisible explosions of force and two blurs shooting around, chasing each other. Everyone was astounded by the incredible battle that they were witnessing today. Chisame couldn't believe at what she was seeing. Two grown men, flying and fighting like crazy like it was nothing. Throughout the tournament, she kept repeating to herself that Chao was using tricks to make this Budokai a grand show but now it seemed like the opposite. This might be actually real! Could it be like…magic?

Meanwhile, the other girls, Nodoka, Yue, Konoka, Setsuna, and Asuna were getting flashbacks of a similar fight that was between Gohan and Broli, the Legendary Super Saiyan. However, in this battle, the two fighters weren't trying to kill each other. Kotarou was getting the same feeling as well. On his face, there was a grand grin, excited at seeing an incredible battle right before his eyes.

Appearing 50 stories above the ground, the super powered warriors were seen locked in a fast, incredible battle above the heads of the audience. Their fists clashed in an amazing show of force, everyone gawking at the very sight. Though they have seen a lot of flying and action, this one certainly took the cake. Vegeta yelled as he furiously drove flurries of punches and kicks at his opponent at a lightning fast rate, trying to force his opponent back at least, but Goku blocked every blow he sent at him.

Vegeta wasn't going to let up now. After unleashing that burst of fast attacks, Vegeta pushed away, while Goku remained hovering where he was. The Prince of Saiyans charged up a bit, resting for those few milliseconds before charging at his opponent again, pulling his right fist back and sending it at him in a powered up punch. Goku leapt back, avoiding it. He then stopped in mid-flight and watched as Vegeta charged again, sending a jab at him. Goku blocked it, and then the right hook sent at him. He then proceeded to easily block a left elbow, a right punch, a left knee, a right roundhouse kick, a backwards, followed up left roundhouse kick, a right side kick, and then a left jab. The assault was stopped altogether, with Goku holding onto Vegeta's fist.

Just then, Vegeta tried to fight his way out of this lock and sent an overdone, right punch. Goku released his left fist and parried the right arm, pulling Vegeta forward while spinning into the Prince of Saiyan's vulnerable zone. When he did, the Goku rammed his left elbow into Vegeta's stomach, winding him badly. Goku then quickly moved out and around Vegeta, moving to the older Saiyan's left and coming over him, sending a right elbow into his rival's back. The blow staggered Vegeta forward and Goku was ready to continue his assualt but he stopped when Vegeta sent his left knee into his stomach.

Everything seemed to freeze there with Vegeta staring down at his wounded rival. It was after receiving a trembling shudder in return Vegeta removed his knee from his rival's stomach and brought both his hands up. Quickly lacing them together, he brought it down in a powerful jackhammer blow. Hitting Goku in the back, Vegeta sent his eternal rival plummeting at comet like speeds. Within seconds, the spiky haired Saiyan was within ground floor range, but just so the impact wasn't as bad as it would be, Goku managed to pull out of the out of control state and land on his hands and knees. Crashing to the ground and still making the earth shake, Goku looked up, senses extending for his opponent. It was at that moment, Goku jumped into super speed, blurring out from the spot he was on just as Vegeta came down with a kick, foot striking the ground Goku once knelt. Without wasting another second, Vegeta flashed out of focus as well, moving into pursuit.

Across the ring, the two fighters chased each other, more shock waves ringing out one after another. It was just then Goku appeared at the very edge of the large crater punched into the center of the ring, dropping forward into a stance, while glaring over his shoulder. Just then, he felt a blow strike his chin and he was knocked flying into the air. As he was falling back to the ground, Vegeta reappeared, flashing into focus doing a flip. He landed a second later, spinning around and sprinting after his falling opponent. Goku managed to correct his situation, landing on his hands and pushing off, barely avoiding a sweep kick. Moments later, Goku landed on the other side of the crater, with Vegeta leaping back after standing up again. Vegeta held his position at his side of the crater, both combatants glaring at each other but with a big grin on their faces. The two of them went into a staring contest whilst under the watchful eyes of the crowds all around them.

The Mahora group were awe struck, gaping at the battle they were witnessing. The Z senshi, in the meantime, knew that Goku and Vegeta haven't even begun to fully use their power. "Impressive Vegeta," Goku said. "I didn't know you had trained that much. I can tell definitely tell that you become much stronger since the last time we fought against each other."

"Heh, I could say the same thing for you Kakarotto," Vegeta said. "But why don't we stop with the warm-ups and fight it out as true Saiyans."

"Sure thing Vegeta," Goku said. Suddenly, in a flash of blinding light, Goku powered up. Balling his fists, Goku let out a shrill cry of anger and pain as his golden aura exploded around him. In a whirling wind of ferocity and an outstanding display of flashes, Goku transformed, his hair spiking up, standing on end and flashing gold, at the same time his eyes turned jade green, hovering in his sockets. A galling wind went up, stretching to about the radius of the ring before it subsided, leaving him standing in a pure, powered up state of a Super Saiyan. Vegeta responded in kind as he transformed into a Super Saiyan as well. However, unlike with Goku, Vegeta's hair was already spiked up and the only difference was the hair color as it had transformed into a gold color like Goku's was.

The crowd was in shock! First Gotenks did it, now two others have done it? What else could happen? Even Kazumi was unsure on what she was seeing. "Wh-What is going on?" Kazumi shouted. "Vegeta and Goku have both transformed into a similar appearance to that of Challenger Gotenks! Wh-What kind of transformation is this?"

Meanwhile, at the stands, Gohan's and Piccolo's faces both turned serious. "This is where the fighting will be serious," Piccolo said.

The two Super Saiyans glared at each other, their blazing golden aura's surrounding them. A few seconds passed by with the crowd silent in anticipation except for the chirping noise coming from the blazing aura. But that all stopped when Vegeta pushed off from the floor and sent himself into a charge.

With a yell, Vegeta flew at Goku, who dropped into a stance and awaited his opponent's arrival. Just then, in a split second, the Super Saiyan Vegeta landed an effective blow on his opponent, a powerful right roundhouse kick swiping across Goku's cheek. The blow staggered him to the side, sounding a shock wave at the force applied to it. Though the blow knocked Goku's hinges off, he was still in this fight.

Growling, he too sent a kick up at Vegeta, striking him in the side with a left roundhouse kick, by which he initiated by throwing himself backwards into the air. The blow struck Vegeta and staggered him in a similar fashion. Just as the two fighters' were falling, they both zapped into super speed and took their fight to a new level. Shock waves began exploding all across the ring, cracking the ground with outstanding tremors and explosions of force. These out of this world forces punched dents all across the arena's surface, both fighters moving from left to right, and up and down. Vegeta pursued his opponent first, flashing through the air and attacking relentlessly. It was after suffering a counter blow did sides change, and it was Goku now pursuing him. They flashed from left to right, seen as mere blurs shooting across the ring, with the telltale signs of clouds of dust bursting in the air everywhere every one millisecond that past. It was a continuous display of power, unseen by most as the fight was too fast for a lot of people to see.

Appearing in the air, flying up, Vegeta brought his left hand back then threw it forward. With a yell, he unleashed a golden blast of energy, which streaked through the air with increased speeds. As the blast flew down to the ring, Goku blurred into focus beside it, flashing in and out of super speed as he charged at his opponent. As the blast Vegeta fired exploded on the ground, Goku appeared in front of his opponent, hammering him with a right hook. Vegeta staggered back, but then flashed into super speed while pursued in kind by his rival.

Seconds later, as the fight carried on with more shockwaves making themselves known, a golden shower of energy blasts suddenly came raining down onto the ring, Vegeta's yells filling the air. It was at the targeting end of the blasts Goku appeared, flashing in and out of focus at a low altitude close to the ring where the blasts were coming down on. He avoided every one of them as he flew up at his opponent, teeth gritted and eyes flaring. Vegeta reappeared after firing off the blast of his barrage, skimming through the air and bringing his right hand back. Then, with a loud yell and a tremendous burst of power, he threw his right hand forward, unleashing a powerful, blue blast of ki. Goku saw it coming at him, easily retaliating by throwing his left hand forward and producing a blue energy shield. The blast made contact, digging in for a moment before exploding, enveloping Goku in a cloud of smoke.

However, Goku was able to avoid the blast in time and flew up into the air. Then suddenly, Vegeta fazed in behind Goku to deliver a blow to the taller Saiyan. But unfortunately for him, Goku easily blocked the blow and sent a small ball of ki behind him into the prince's stomach.

The energy attack knocked the wind out of the Saiyan and Goku never let up for a second. He began to pummel Vegeta with blow after blow before the prince could even begin to block.

Vegeta hit the ground hard after a punch from Goku but was back on his feet a second later, wiping a small trickle of blood from his mouth. Then he brought his hands back and started to gather ki in them. Then, he thrust his palms forward, discharging the ki that he was collecting. "FINAL FLASH!" Vegeta shouted sending a huge burst of ki at Goku. The taller Saiyan barely had time to get out of the way of the blast before it headed up into space. Unfortunately for him, Vegeta was already behind him with a fist to the face, sending him into the remnants of the blast. The Saiyan Prince followed up on his attack with a series of ki blasts that Goku had no chance of dodging.

Goku saw the blasts coming and did the only thing he could, he crossed his arms in front of him and braced himself against the attack the best he could. Vegeta was relentless; he kept hammering blast after blast at his rival, slowly wearing him down.

Finally Goku used the Instant Transmission Technique to disappear away from the blasts and appear behind Vegeta with an attack ready. Unfortunately for him, he was met by Vegeta's elbow to the teeth. "You're too predictable, Kakarotto," the prince said as he brought his knee up into Goku's stomach before axe handling him to the ground, causing an explosion on the stage.

The Super Saiyan Vegeta charged down at the cloud that was formed from the crash. However, a blue began to emanate from the cloud. A loud chant was heard across the arena. "KAME…HAME…" It was Goku, charging up a Kamehame-Ha wave! He had his cupped hands to his side, ready to fire the wave at his rival. "HAAAAA!" with a yell, the older Saiyan threw both his hands forward.

Vegeta, in the nick of time, curled up his fingers and charged up his signature attack as he put his hand forward and up at a 90 degree angle as if he were to signal 'stop.' He then yelled out his attack. "BIG BANG ATTACK!" He fired a powerful whitish-yellow energy sphere at Goku's Kamehame-Ha attack. Both attacks collided, exploding on impact and clouding view of both fighters once more. The skies lit up in a shower of golden sparks of burning energy and the scent of fire.

Just then, out of the cloud produced by the explosion, Goku dropped into view, landing on the ring and skipping back fast. As he flew backwards across the ring, he glared up, expecting to see his opponent coming up on him. It was just then he suddenly flashed into super speed, leaving an afterimage flying backwards. Seconds later, 10 meters behind him, Vegeta appeared, punching out at what he thought was his opponent but turned out to be the after image. Gasping in shock, the Super Saiyan spun around, tracking the route of his opponent. Right there and then, Goku appeared above him, spinning hard and fast as he fell down towards the still bewildered Saiyan. Goku struck Vegeta hard in the back of the head with a powerful drop kick, the blow staggering him forward with a yell of agony. In retaliation, after he had regained his composure, Vegeta glared up and sent a back hammer strike with his left hand up at his opponent, who suddenly flashed into super speed before his blow could land.

Standing up properly and correcting his stance, Vegeta glared ahead of him, bringing his left hand back before throwing it forward, unleashing a powerful, golden ki blast straight across the ring. It ripped through the air, soaring towards a certain point. It was in the air space Vegeta was aiming for Goku as he appeared, dropped into a stance. Spotting the blast, Goku quickly acted, slamming his right foot into the ground. With this earth shaking move, a ball or chunk of concrete in front of him leapt into the air and hovered at chest height. At the right moment, Goku sent a left side kick at the ball, sending it hurling at Vegeta's blast where it struck with equal force. The result was the blast exploding, lighting up in a gigantic fire ball that punched yet another hole into the ring.

Everyone was shocked that such a maneuver would work, but the fight wasn't over. It was just then, as the explosion of fire was taking place, Goku shot through the fire, aura flaring wildly as he hurled at his opponent. Vegeta saw his rival approaching, and quickly acted. He slid his right foot along the ground before leaping forward, skidding to a stop and bringing his right hand out and creating a fireball-like energy sphere. He then threw at Goku, striking him clean on in the stomach, stopping him right there. Letting out a retched yell in agony, Goku was sent flying to the side as ki sphere punched him. It was then after sending his opponent skyward, Vegeta's aura engulfed him again and took off after his winded opponent.

Super speeding up to Goku, Vegeta appeared above him right hand cranked back. Powering up, a golden orb of energy formed around his fist and, as bolts of electricity shot out of it, Vegeta let out a yell and sent it straight into his rival's back. However, his attack proved to be ineffective as Goku disappeared quickly, catching the Prince of Saiyans by surprise. Then Vegeta was hit full on, looking behind him to see Goku there, and with a scream of agony, he was sent falling back.

Seconds later, the Prince of Saiyans crashed into the ground, rubble, debris and a cloud of dust shooting into the air as if a meteor had crashed. It was with that Vegeta vanished from sight, leaving his opponent floating hovering many stories above the ring. Seeing Vegeta vanish amongst the rubble and clouds, Goku dropped from the skies, landing at the side of the ring where the waiting room was, back turned to the entrance and eyes plastered on the pillar of clouds shooting up into the air. It then whisked away in the form of a mist, a clear picture taking its place right before him.

Suddenly, as the crowds stared in shock, the Mahora group gawked and Goku waited, he suddenly felt a tremor, which slowly turned into an earthquake and soon into a violent, earthly climax. Seconds later, Goku heard a pained cry of power as Vegeta's voice filled his ears and then, out of the crater formed by the Saiyan's landing, a golden aura exploded forth. Debris was sent everywhere in light of this sight, blue torrents of electricity shooting out of it as a shadowy figure rose from the ground. The crowds gaped in shock, so did Kazumi, the Z senshi, and the Mahora group.

It was Vegeta! Vegeta wiped a trickle of blood from his mouth and grinned. "What do you say we start taking this seriously Kakarotto?" Vegeta asked.

"Very well, if you insist," Goku answered.

"Wow! Incredible folks!" Kazumi cried into her microphone. "After what appeared to be a knockout sky strike, challenger Vegeta has suddenly emerged from his tomb blazing in a new light! Unbelievable!" Hell yeah it was unbelievable. Goku grinned as he watched his Vegeta float out from the crater, suspended in his aura and flaring ahead of him. The brightness of the warping energy slowly died and shrunk down to a controlled state, revealing the Saiyan in an all new form. Vegeta had transformed into a Super Saiyan 2!

His hair and appearance looked almost the same to most people, but there were a few subtle changes that few may not have noticed. Vegeta's hair grew a little bit longer, spikier and becoming more defined than his previous Super Saiyan form. His aura stuck to him like a flame and was raspier than before. Bolts of electricity surrounded the Prince of Saiyans with his level of ki even higher than before. Gohan noticed Vegeta's ki level to be much higher than before, possibly even higher after the fight against Hildegarn.

Now it was Goku's turn to transform. He clenched his teeth and let out a war cry as he transformed into a Super Saiyan 2 as well. Though his hair and appearance looked almost the same, there were a few subtle changes and some rather big changes. First off his eyes were no longer jade but turquoise like Vegeta, and his hair, once locked into several strands had now formed into a dozen strands with a single bang hanging in front of his forehead and two others on each side, spaced out from the center. Second now was his physical being, which has buffed out a bit and had slightly paler skin. To finish it off, his aura was fiercer then before, consumed by bolts of blue electricity and his ki skyrocketing to a new height. It was an incredible sight for everyone. The Mahora group, especially Nodoka, Yue, Konoka, Kotarou, Asuna, and Negi noticed the power emanating from the Saiyan warriors. They could only remember the time when Gohan had transformed during the fight against Broli and now they were witnessing once again.

Eva could only grin as she watched the match from her window. Even from there, she could feel the power from those two. So this is the power of a pure-blooded Saiyan, Eva said to herself. How exciting!

"You ready Vegeta?" Goku asked as he got his classic stance, the one in which he used during the first fight agasint Vegeta.

"Yes," Vegeta replied as he got into his classic stance as well. With the two of them standing in their set fighting stances, they both glared at one another, lightning crackling around them and striking areas meters away from either of them. Eyes flickered and flashed under the shine of auras and their power levels soared. The crowd just stared in shock. The Mahora group also remained silent, unable to believe what was happening right before their very eyes, while the Z senshi knew that this was going to be happen but not like this. This was turning out to be an incredible match. If they knew any better, the real fight was about to begin. Soon enough…it did.

The two of them shot off into super speed right then and then, shockwaves occurring from take-off as they took to the skies. A split second later, 100's of stories above the ground, shockwaves and sonic booms began bursting out across the skies, exploding with incredible ferocity. These one's, though so high above the ground, were so big that they created hurricane like gales of force winds far below, and nearly knocked the audience off their feet. The ground cracked, and things began to crumble under the might of the two super powered warriors. The world practically fell to its knees as they battled it all out before the eyes of everyone present in this tournament. The final fight of the first round was to prove catastrophic. Lightning could be seen flashing with every shock wave that rang out, holes being punched into clouds which were ripped from their places by raging winds and two fighters that would not give up. It was an incredible sight. The explosions of energy and impacting fists went off like a series of simultaneously lit fireworks, only these were invisibles waves of force that shook the skies and planet. The ripples of energy tore away at the ground, beginning to punch craters, marking the path of the two warriors.

Nobody could see either Vegeta or Goku; the two were so fast now. If they thought the battle before when Gotenks transformed into a Super Saiyan was great, you wouldn't believe the fight going out now. The two of them would mostly maintain their super speed states, flashing through the air at attacking each other. Whenever either was charging at their opponent, they didn't slow down, so you couldn't see the blurs of both fighters as they came at the other. They would just flash into focus for a split second, locked in an intense battle with flying fists and kicks before they both vanished into super speed again.

They appeared in all places, too fast to track. They swooped along the ground as well, still engaged in a furious brawl. You could tell where they were going by the trail of shockwaves they were leaving, and bolts of electricity that shot out with every engagement. The Z senshi looked in all directions, left and right, up and down, trying to spot the two fighters. But all they caught onto was just the shockwave, but no form of the pair. Things were really starting to get intense.

The two of them continued fighting, not letting up for even a second. They reappeared high above the ground, throwing punishing blows and attacks at one another, all of their attacks landing, mostly hitting well brought up parries and blocks. However, as they fought on, both of them received equal damage. Standing at the same level, this fight could tip either way. They once again vanished into super speed, still locked in close quarter combat. If there was any better time to release some tension or pent up rage, now was the time. But they didn't let it take them over.

Appearing many stories above the arena, Vegeta flew straight ahead in a full on charge. With a yell, he threw his right fist out at the air. Suddenly, Goku appeared in place of the air and leapt up higher, blocking the punch by raising his left knee. A shockwave sounded on impact, shaking the ground beneath them with electricity shooting out of both of their forms. Then pushing Vegeta's fist away with his leg, Goku threw a left roundhouse kick across Vegeta's face, knocking him back. As he fell back, the android pulled himself into a back flip. At the same time, he threw his right foot right up into Goku's chin, knocking him flying back. After flipping into an upright position, Vegeta powered up with a zap of electricity and charged at his opponent, disappearing into super speed.

Goku's flight was to be short but quite far. As he flew along, he curled into a ball and began spinning at a fast rate to slow his flight. He opened himself up, halting himself with his energy. Looking up, he saw Vegeta charging at him through super speed and took his signature fighting stance. When Vegeta came at him with a left punch, appearing out of thin air, Goku ducked down low and came up with a left punch to Vegeta's chest, winding him. He then moved around quickly, sending a right hook into his side.

But Vegeta disappeared into super speed before he could even hit him a second time. Goku disappeared into super speed as well when Vegeta suddenly appeared out of thin air with a left roundhouse kick aimed for the back of his head. When he saw Goku's after image disappear, the Prince of Saiyans began looking around him with frustration, his rival too quick for him to even see. He was suddenly struck in the back by Goku coming down at him from behind, driving his right foot into his back. The blow created a shock wave and sent Vegeta plummeting fast, spiraling out of control.

Just as he was about to hit the arena ground, he spun around and through the air, halting himself using his energy and glaring up where Goku floated. With a burst of energy and a gust of wind that sent dust below hurling into the air, Vegeta took off into the sky, flashing into super speed. He reached Goku a split second later, appearing in front of him and driving a left hook into his face. He then came in with a right elbow, striking him hard and winding him. Goku reeled over in shock, eyes wide. Vegeta then came in with a left knee, staggering him more before driving his right elbow into Goku's back, yelling with the force he applied into those blows. Goku was sent falling at an incredible rate. Spinning out of control, he crashed into the arena floor far below.

Vegeta didn't stop his assault there. Throwing his hands back he began throwing them forward, unleashing an energy rain of golden ki blasts. The rain of attacks bombarded the lands far below, repeatedly striking the area Goku had crashed. Ball of fire exploded into the air with every attack that landed, dust, rubble and debris flying everywhere. It was like a shower of meteors was coming into the planet. All view of the damages made was blocked out by the cloud of dust rising. But whatever the case, Vegeta continued driving more and more power into his assault, throwing his attacks while yelling at the top of his lungs.

But then, when it seemed his energy rain had worked, a familiar figure came into view. Bursting out of the cloud of smoke as the rain of energy blasts continued falling, Goku shot straight up into the sky, teeth gritted and looking a bit more battered than usual. Flying through the shower of energy attacks, Goku let out a yell and threw both his hands forward, cupping his palms together. With a burst of energy, he began firing off a barrage of blue ki blasts, these ones soaring at Vegeta and passing by his energy rain. Vegeta ceased his assault immediately, but was struck down by hundreds of ki blasts fired off by Goku. A magnificent explosion occurred when the wave of energy attacks ended, leaving a cloud of smoke floating high above.

But it wasn't over yet. As soon as Goku had stopped attacking, a purple ki blast shot out of the cloud, sending it away and revealing a still-in-the-game Vegeta with both his hands thrown forward and firing off his signature attack with a yell. "GYALLAIC-HO!" Goku saw it coming for him and quickly acted. He put his hands forward, catching the powerful attack in his grasps as he was being pushed down. Then, with a loud yell, Goku pushed back the attack with one of his own as he sent it back. At that, a bellowing explosion of energy occurred as the same purple blast was sent flying back at its owner. Vegeta growled, moving out of the way as the blast came ripping past him and skyward. It disappeared into space seconds later.

As Vegeta was moving away, eyes turned skyward, Goku suddenly appeared behind him. The Prince of Saiyans sensed his opponent behind him, and began turning around to face him. While he did, Goku flew at him fast and with a yell, sent as powerful right hook across his opponent's face, the blow sending blood flying from Vegeta's mouth with a shock wave to follow. Vegeta was sent back because of this, flipping over and over again as he spiraled out of control.

When he finally returned to an upright position, he powered up and flew at his rival at super speed. Goku did so in kind, and the two of them collided with one another, elbow striking elbow. Another massive shock wave occurred, with a bolt of blue lightning shooting down to earth. The two of them flashed out of focus again, super speeding into another fight. Shockwave after shockwave occurred, these blows being double in power as they were driven by strength and momentum combined. The two fighters played cat and mouse through the air, constantly pursuing each other and attacking with incredible force. Every time their attacks impacted with every charge, bolts of artificial lightning shot down from between them and struck the ground, their attacks producing an immense amount of energy. Their fight dragged on for a while, more shockwaves occurring and their speed increasing. This indicated that the two of them were back to full on flurries of punches and kicks. Moments later, their fight dragged down towards the arena again as the two fighters skidded across the battle torn arena, sliding to a stop and standing 20 meters away from each other. They were both still dropped in attack stances, and were glaring at each other with battered and bruised bodies.

As soon as they were on the ground, Vegeta pushed off and leapt at Goku, disappearing into super speed as he charged. Goku leapt back, also disappearing into super speed with his opponent in hot pursuit. From here, the two of them began fighting on the group, jumping from area to area with Vegeta on the attack. Goku countered his every blow, the two of them flashing in and out of focus every time they were attacking and then moving into constant retreat or assault. Shockwaves occurred with every flurry they engaged for only two seconds before disappearing again.

Dust, splashes and debris was sent hurling into the air everywhere they went. The crowd could only watch the occurring shockwaves and the bursts of dust, splashes and debris fly into the air. Some of them back away from the stands, afraid that they were going to get involved into the fight.

Goku charged at Vegeta, throwing a punch out at him. The image of Vegeta disappeared into thin air, forcing Goku to turn around and raise his right hand. With a quick power up and a yell, Goku fired a barrage of ten golden ki blasts in one shot. The energy attacks curved through the air in every direction before flying back at a certain point, exploding into a ball of fire and sending a cloud of dust with rubble flying into the air.

Vegeta reappeared above it in jump motion. When he did, he flew forward, right hand held back. He let out a loud yell and threw his right hand forward in a 90 degree angle. When he did, he fired a powerful blue ki ball at his opponent standing some ways away. The blast shot through the air, heading for the Super Saiyan 2 Goku. Goku backslapped it away with his left hand, the attack practically shattering when struck.

After that, with a quick power up, resulting in a flash of electrical currents sizzling around his body, Goku took off at Vegeta, engaging him in another fierce fist fight. Vegeta threw a left hook at him, only for Goku to duck around it and drive a left body shot as he moved around him. Vegeta got hit and tried back-hammering him, swiping at him outwards with a left. Goku ducked that easily and threw a right punch across his face, to which Vegeta responded with a right punch of his own, a left punch, a right hook and a left uppercut. Goku avoided all those punches easily before counter attacking with a left knee and a right kick across his face. Vegeta growled and threw a left roundhouse kick aimed for his rival's head. Goku was too fast and maneuvered around it, ending up left side kicking Vegeta in the back of his head and sending him plummeting, spiraling out of control.

Seeing him falling, Goku used his downward time to attack. Bringing his right hand back, Goku let out a yell and threw his hand forward, firing off a powerful yellow ki blast that consumed the entire ground below him, which lit up into a massive fire ball. The shockwave went out, cracking the ground and forming a massive crater on the arena grounds. When the explosion died, it left its mark and a cloud of dust.

Having received a lot of damage from that attack, Vegeta shot out of the cloud of dust and charged at his opponent at full power aura flaring with electricity shooting out of him. He flew up above Goku and came down at him with a powered up right punch, sending it across Goku's face. Goku was knocked back, but was merely bruised. Recovering, he retaliated by sending a right punch straight into Vegeta's face, bruising him and staggering him. Goku's didn't even have his aura up when he attacked with that, but his opponent did. That was easily solved when Goku punched him, the aura around Vegeta disappearing.

The Prince of Saiyans attacked back quickly. After staggering back, he sent a right roundhouse kick at Goku who blocked it, but was knocked back by the force. He slowed himself, dropping into a defensive stance. Vegeta yelled in anger, leaping back before bringing both his hands forward, beginning to fire off a barrage of golden ki blasts at his opponent. Goku acted quickly, using super speed to avoid the attacks. Flashing in and out of focus, he managed to avoid all the attacks coming at him, his opponent flying back to avoid getting attacked while still sending attacks his way. Finding that he wouldn't be able to make his move under this hail storm, Goku moved instinctively, avoiding one last attack before using his teleportation technique to appear directly in front of Cell. With Vegeta's left hand raised towards him and his right hand raised in kind, both of them fired off a powerful ki blast, both attacks exploding at close range and consuming them in a ball of fire. The crowd gawked at the atomic explosion that had taken place, the winds nearly tossing them into the air. The force was incredible!

When the explosion died down, Vegeta made his appearance. Flying out of the smoke cloud, he landed on the arena grounds and wheeled around, burnt from the fire ball he was consumed in. He glared angrily up at the cloud of smoke, tracking his opponent.

Suddenly, Goku flew out of the cloud, soaring above him with his right fist held back. Blue beams of light shot out of the spaces in his fingers, his energy level rising to produce this attack. When the necessary amount was finally gathered, Goku threw his attack forward, his palm opening and the energy ball inside shattering into blue energy shards that flew straight down at Vegeta at an amazingly fast rate. The Prince of Saiyans gasped as he watched them approach and cross his arms over his face. The shards landed on him and all around him, igniting into a series of powerful explosions that turned into balls of raging fires. The flames leapt high into the air, filling the sky with ask and an image of a burning hell.

Goku had managed to pull away from its blast radius as it struck home on its target as he try to avoid getting the crowd involved. He had hoped that would finish Vegeta, but sensing the Prince of Saiyans's ki still flickering strongly, Goku tightened his glare and flashed into super speed, flying into the fire.

Vegeta appeared bursting out of the fire, landing on both his hands and back-flipping away from the burning hell he was thrown into. When he escaped from it, he landed a safe distance away and took a fighting stance, looking frantically around for his opponent. He was badly bruised, brunt and beaten now, electricity still crackling around him.

As soon as he was dropped in a stance, Goku came hurling out of the fire, charging at full speed at his opponent. Vegeta gasped and dropped into a stance, holding up his hands to defend himself. Goku came in with his soaring dragon strike, knocking away Vegeta's defense with a guard breaking elbow. He then attacked with wild fury, sending a left punch, right hook, left uppercut, right uppercut, left elbow, right palm strike and then a left elbow. He then finished it up with swift, powered up kicks. A left roundhouse kick, followed up by a right backwards roundhouse kick and a final left roundhouse kick across Vegeta's face.

It staggered him, Vegeta fumbling back, winded. Goku honed in on his attack, flying at the Prince of Saiyans in another charge. Vegeta, having recovered, threw a right hook at his opponent, but Goku managed to slide it and jump over his opponent, striking Vegeta's underarm and kicking at his left leg where it joined the hip. With those two quick strikes, the Goku flipped over his opponent and flew back, landing behind Vegeta, who had fallen to his left knee.

Vegeta quickly got up as he and Goku stared at each other, grinning like mad. "This is turning out to be exciting eh Vegeta?" Goku said as he panted for air.

"That is true," Vegeta said. "But how about we take it to the next level?"

"The next level?" Goku asked with a dumbfounded face. Then he realized what Vegeta was talking about. "Wait you don't mean…!"

"Yes," Vegeta replied with a grin on his face. "It is."

"But Vegeta! Think about the crowd!" Goku screamed in worry, catching the Z senshi's attention. "You can't do it here!"

Gohan and Piccolo were listening to their conversation as they stood near the edge of the stands, eyes flung wide open. Negi noticed the reaction from the two of them and asked, "What is going on Piccolo-san, Gohan-san?"

"I'm not sure Negi-san," Gohan replied. "But if I to say, Vegeta is going to do something drastic and possibly dangerous!"

"What? Dangerous!" Kuririn said. "He wouldn't…"

"Of course Vegeta would," Piccolo stated. "This is a match that Vegeta has wanted to have for a very long time. For some time, Goku has always pulled ahead of Vegeta in terms of power. But if I had to guess from Vegeta's reaction, he might have closed the gap that was between them."

"But how?" Negi asked. "Goku-san and Vegeta-san are strong. What else could prove otherwise?"

"Vegeta-san doesn't know how to transform into a Super Saiyan 3," Gohan answered, causing Negi to flinch. He knew full well the power of a Super Saiyan 3, especially during the battle against Hildegarn.

"H-He doesn't?" Negi exclaimed. "Then that means that Goku-san is still stronger."

"That's right Negi," Piccolo said. "But if I had to guess from Vegeta and Son's reaction, it might be that Vegeta has achieved that transformation as well."

"WHAT?" Negi, Kuririn, and Gohan exclaimed. This was bad! Goku's transformation of a Super Saiyan 3 was so powerful, that it shook the entire Earth! If Vegeta were to unleash it here against Goku, forcing him to transform as well, the consequences would be disastrous.

"Vegeta-san, don't do it!" Gohan screamed.

"Shut up brat!" Vegeta answered. "I will do what I want! Kakarotto be ready."

"Vegeta I wouldn't do it here," Goku said, a nervous sweat running down the side of his face. "The crowd will get involved!"

"I don't care," Vegeta said. "This match is the match to decide it all…who is the strongest Saiyan?" Vegeta got himself in a horse stance, clenching his fists as he started to collect ki into his body. The ground began to shake slightly, debris floating in the air. Vegeta's hair began to glow even more profusely, drawing everyone's attention to it. The crowd stood in anticipation of what Vegeta was going to do next in this amazing battle.

However, the Z senshi started to scream out in worry. This was bad! "Vegeta-san!" Gohan yelled. Suddenly, a loud bell was heard across the tournament grounds, causing everyone to look around for that noise, including Vegeta who had stopped his transformation.

"What the hell was that?" Vegeta asked, irritated that something interrupted his transformation and match.

"That was the ending bell! The match is over!" Kazumi shouted.

The arena was silent for a few seconds until a loud scream was heard. "EH!" Everyone shouted.

"You got to be shitting me!"

"The match is over?"

"Come on, the match was getting exciting! How could you stop it in the middle?"

"Listen, I don't make the rules but it was stated that the matches are 15 minutes long and we have just reached that mark," Kazumi explained. "Trust me. I didn't want this match to be over either but rules are rules."

"Grrr, you're shitting me," Vegeta said angrily. "Kakarotto did you know about this?"

Goku scratched the back of his head sheepishly. "It may have slipped my mind," Goku said with a Son grin on his face. Vegeta face-faulted.

"Idiot," Vegeta muttered.

"Since this first match to use that rule resulting in a draw, we will have the audience decide the winner of the match through via text messages and e-mail," Kazumi explained. "By now, you should be receiving an e-mail in your phones, explaining the instructions. Please begin voting now!"

"This is ridiculous," Vegeta said. "So infuriating! And I was about to win too."

"I'm sorry Vegeta," Goku said. "But hey, regardless who wins, how about we have our match another time? And this time, it won't be during a tournament but with open space so we can fight it out the way it should be."

Vegeta grinned. "Always the appeaser eh Kakarotto?" Vegeta turned his head towards his rival. "Fine, agreed Kakarotto. But I want to have this match soon and don't even try to avoid it either."

"You got it Vegeta," Goku said with a thumbs up towards Vegeta. Vegeta responded in kind. Gohan let out a smile, happy to see that it all worked out in the end.

Meanwhile, Kazumi received a sheet of paper as she began to walk back to the clearly battered and almost destroyed arena floor. "The votes are in!" Kazumi shouted in the mic. "And the winner is…"



* * *



Author's note: Another cliffhanger! OMG! I totally did that on purpose. I know that some of you will probably be mad, like in the audience in the story, that the match had to end like this. I did that on purpose because I can't dedicate many chapters on a single battle. It would be very boring to write and read as well. I like writing my stories as if I was the reader, reading it for the first time. I would want to have some excitement at the end, leaving me on the edge of my seat if you know what I mean. Anyways, hope you guys were satisfied with the battle. If you weren't, there plenty of matches that could easily one-up this one. Trust me, I was the one who wrote them.

Glossary time!

Gyallic-Ho: Vegeta's signature attack. It is known as the Galick Gun in the American Dub.

Read and review! Also, MERRY CHRISTMAS AND A HAPPY NEW YEAR! Enjoy the holidays! See you after the new year! Peace!





*Chapter 30*: Piccolo's Words of Wisdom!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. Dragon Ball belongs to Akira Toriyama and Negima! Magister Negi Magi belongs Ken Akamatsu.

Author's note: Hey everybody! HAPPY NEW YEAR! I hope everyone had a good New Year's Day. Mine was good. Got to do the Japanese custom of going to the temple after New Year's Day so that was cool, especially in Tokyo. It greatly surprised me that many people stayed up for the stroke of midnight thing and party since a lot of my students have told me that they simply just sleep through the night. I was like...what! Plus, they even go to school on Christmas! Can you believe that? Unbelievable! But anyways, enough of my ranting. I'm sure you would like to read the story instead of hearing my adventures in Japan. If you are interested, let me know.

I want to thank Ignisha for being my temporary beta-reader as naioka1992 has gone MIA on me. He has been extremely helpful to this story. And my fans as well for giving me energy to continue writing this story. It's been a pleasure serving you. So now let present to you guys Chapter 30 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 30: Kotarou Down in the Dumps! Piccolo's Words of Wisdom!

"And the winner is…Challenger Son Goku!" Kazumi shouted into the mic, drawing a loud roar of cheer from the crowd.

"Hmph," Vegeta sounded as he was disappointed with the result. "Whatever, like it matters."

"Oh come on Vegeta," Goku said. "Lighten up."

Vegeta let out a rare smile. "Oh well," Vegeta said as he walked off the stage. "At least I got to fight against you Kakarotto. But the next time, which will be soon, will be a different story with me as the victor."

"We'll see about that Vegeta," Goku said as he followed Vegeta off the stage.

Gohan let out a sigh of relief. Thank God the bell rang, Gohan said to himself. Otherwise, Vegeta-san would have definitely transformed to the next level and we would have been in big trouble. Luckily that didn't happen.

"That was an incredible match," Negi said, awed at the spectacle.

"Yeah it definitely was," Kuririn added. "Maybe they should have extended the time or something."

"Rules are rules though Kuririn-san," Gohan said. "However, I'm sure the next round of matches will be exciting as well."

"By the way, do you guys know who is going to be fighting who?" Kuririn asked. As if it needed to be answered, a screen was displayed onto the center stage, displaying the brackets as well as the next round of matches. "Never mind then."

"The second round of matches will begin after 40 minutes of rest since we have to make massive repairs to the stage. Furthermore starting from the second round's matches the number of audience would increase as well; we predict some disorders. Although we have prepared some temporary seating, please try to pack together as much as…"said Kazumi.

Gohan and Negi noticed the brackets on the holographic screen, which reminded the young teacher about something. "Hey I should check on Kotarou-kun," Negi said.

"I'll come with," Gohan said. "Besides I want to talk to him about something." Negi had a curious look on his face, wondering what Gohan was going to talk about with Kotarou as they walked through the crowd until they finally met up with Kotarou.

"Negi, Gohan-nii-san, did you see that fight?" Kotarou asked with a happy look on his face. "That was freaking amazing!"

"Well you haven't seen much then," Gohan said.

"Yeah, after Goku-san and Vegeta-san could have gone even further," Negi said unintentionally catching the attention of Chisame and Kotarou.

"What do you mean further?" Both Kotarou and Chisame asked with Chachamaru listening in the conversation.

Gohan and Negi immediately wailed their arms around. "N-Nothing!" Both of them said nervously, trying not to reveal too much information, especially in front of Chisame. Negi obviously didn't want to be turned into an ermine while Gohan didn't newscasters coming to his house and disrupting the peace. If they did, they would have gotten serious beating from Chichi's frying pan of death.

Gohan let out a sigh as he noticed something on the display of Chisame's computer that she had brought along. He moved to Chisame's side, eyeing the information on the computer. "Chisame-san, what are you looking at?"

Chisame jerked back with a blush on her face, surprised in seeing Gohan in front of her face and so close. "N-Nothing Gohan-sensei. Just some images that have posted on the web," she stuttered. What the hell is wrong with me? Chisame asked herself. Why am I getting all agitated from Gohan-sensei standing near me?

"The web?" Gohan blinked, oblivious to Chisame's blush. He and Negi immediately looked at each other and quickly looked at the computer, noticing the images from the various fights that included Negi's, Gotenks, Goku and Vegeta. "Dwah!" sounded both Gohan and Negi as nervous sweats started to pour down the side of their faces. "Um…Chisame-san…when was this posted?"

"About half an hour ago," Chisame replied. "It's all over the web."

Gohan and Negi immediately shrieked. "Awhah-wah-wah!" whispered Negi to Kotarou who had a relaxed look on his face. "Wh-what'll I…I used a lot of magic!"

"Hey, relax," Kotarou said. "No one believes what's on the internet."

"But Negi-san has a point though Kotarou-san," Gohan said. "You don't have to worry much but me and Negi-san do. What if that gets out?" Negi nodded in agreement, worried that their secret might be let out to the world.

"What if what gets out, Negi-sensei and Gohan-sensei?" Chisame asked.

"N-Nothing!" Both Negi and Gohan flailed their arms around. Damn, Gohan said nervously to himself, Chisame-san is good. She already suspects something. What should we do?

"Anyways, that was some impressive fighting from you two," continued Chisame.

"Huh?" both Negi and Gohan responded.

"What do you mean Chisame-san?" Negi asked.

"You two were really strong back there, especially you Negi-sensei. I was shocked like most people when those two fighters earlier were fighting but truthfully it was too incredible. This whole tournament is simply unbelievable and thinking with common sense is impossible right now," Chisame explained. She moved closer to Negi with a curious look on her face. "You su-u-ure there's no reason why you two are so strong, senseis?"

"Um…uh…" Gohan and Negi said nervously, trying to figure out a good way of saying the right thing.

"Maybe you're all in on it, and it's a scam?" Chisame asked.

"Yeah!" Negi immediately responded, drawing a curious look from Gohan. "Right Gohan-san?" Negi asked with a pleaded look on his face that Gohan immediately recognized.

"Yeah that's right," Gohan nodded. But of course, someone didn't get the memo.

"Hey!" screamed Kotarou, drawing some more nervous sweats for Gohan and Negi. "Nee-chan! Who're you callin' a scam?" Who's to say that, in this whole wide world, there aren't people stronger than you can imagine?" Gohan sweat-dropped at the comment, realizing who the comment was aiming at.

"You shut up, brat!" Chisame barked. "I was talking to the senseis. Whatever it is, please just tell the truth, especially you Gohan-sensei. Are you two really that good?"

"I, uh…um," Negi said nervously as he tried to figure out on how to respond. He remembered how Takamichi told him to not reveal too much but how could he? He was fighting against an elite warrior and it was battle of fists and to test his limits. Gohan, meanwhile, was in almost the same boat as Negi but he felt that the display of power that he, Goku, Gotenks and Vegeta have shown to the crowd was unavoidable especially when two powerful Saiyans were fighting against each other at full strength.

Chisame looked at both Gohan's and Negi's reaction to her inquiries. Hmph, she said to herself. I still can't say as I like him, but Gohan-sensei is just not the scamming type. Negi-sensei too. And if that's not true, then… Chisame let out a small smile and turned her head. "Whatever," she said.

"Eh?" sound both Gohan and Negi. Gohan scratched the back of his neck, curious as to what Chisame was thinking. However, it was best not to divulge more into the subject.

"By the way, Negi-sensei and Gohan-sensei, along with the footage, there's an interesting rumor going around the net," Chisame said.

"What kind of rumor Chisame-san?" asked Gohan.

"Do you two know what they mean by the word 'Maho'?" responded Chisame, which incidentally drew nervous looks from Gohan, Negi and Kotarou as nervous sweat started to run down the side of their faces. This was bad.



* * *



Meanwhile…

"That was so cool!" Yuna shouted as the class was watching the fights being streamed online. "Can't you believe it? Our senseis made it to the quarter finals!"

"Negi-sensei was so cool and magnificent," Ayaka said with a loving sigh.

Misa had her eyes glued onto the screen when they showed Gohan again and she wasn't the only one. Yuna and Shiina were glued too. They were curious as to Gohan and his friends's interesting abilities were as they showed the Goku vs Vegeta match once again.

"I can't stand here!" yelled Ayaka. "If I, Yukihiro Ayaka, cannot witness with the very same eyes the performance and courage of Negi-sensei, I shall carry that shame to my dying days! That is, unless one of my brace, selfless classmates is willing to step in for me and…" Ayaka turned around to the crowd of girls and asked, "Will somebody take over already so I can go?"

"Hell no!" responded the girls. "After what we just saw, we wanna go too!"

As the girls bickered between each other, trying to figure out who would be willing to leave behind and work here while the others would go and watch the match, Ayaka felt a tap on her shoulder. She turned around to see Zazie in front of her. Zazie pointed to herself with the expressionless face of hers and Ayaka immediately understood what Zazie was trying to say. "Y-You'll do it? You'll take over here for me!"

"Us too!" The girls all shouted simultaneously as soon as they heard that Zazie volunteered.

"Wha-Are you telling me you want to leave Zazie-san here by herself to do all the work?" Ayaka asked. Zazie just made a shooing motion saying that it was okay. The girls thanked her one more time before running out.



* * *



Back at the Mahora Budokai arena…

"Hmm…Maho? I've heard some things about that in things like stories," answered Gohan while Negi was panicking in the back. "Why do you ask?"

"It's nothing," replied Chisame. "Just curious is all."

"Well whatever I'm off to my second match," Kotarou said.

"Ah yes Kotarou-kun do your best" said Negi to his friend. "I'll be pulling for you."

"Seein' as how you proved yourself against Takamichi and all, it'd hardly do for me to lose. Let's you and me meet in the next round Negi," Kotarou said with a determined look on his face as he went over to the arena stage. While Negi and everyone else looked onto Kotarou's entrance, Chisame noticed a worried look on Gohan's face.

"What's with that look Gohan-sensei?" Chisame asked

Gohan turned to her and said with a somber tone in his voice, "I want Kotarou to win but that overconfidence of his will be his undoing in this match. He doesn't stand a chance against Ku:Nel especially after what we witnessed his earlier match against Ku Fei-san. I just hope that nothing bad will come out of this."

"We now begin the first match of the second round!" announced Kazumi as Kotarou walked to the stage

"My opponent is that weird hooded man is it?" Kotarou said to no one in particular. I'm sure there's more to him than he looks especially after seeing that battle against Ku Fei-nee-chan. Still, I'm stronger than she was, especially if I go all out right from the beginning. In the corner of his eye, he noticed Piccolo coming towards with a serious look on his face.

"Kotarou," the Namekian called.

"Hm what is it Green Man?" Kotarou asked, curious as to why Piccolo would come up to him and talk. "How come Kaede-nee-chan isn't here?"

"Kaede wanted to talk with you before your match but I thought I would have a word with you instead. I have heard a lot about you from Negi, Kaede and Gohan," Piccolo said.

"Then you must know of my incredible skills then," Kotarou said with a smile on his face.

"Actually, it's your cockiness that I keep hearing about," Piccolo stated, drawing an irritated look from Kotarou. "Gohan and Kaede told me what happened in Kyoto and the fight against Wilhelm. You have good technique but that cockiness of yours will be your undoing if you don't keep it in check. As I have said before, never underestimate your opponent especially someone like that man over there."

Kotarou chuckled. "So Gohan-nii-san's sensei is worried about me," Kotarou said with a confident smile on his face. "Thanks but you don't need to worry. I'm takin' it all the way – full power from the start. No way I'm gonna lose!"

"What do you mean Gohan-sensei?" asked Chisame.

"Despite Kotarou-san being very strong and Negi-san's close friend, Ku:Nel is much stronger than him," Gohan told her. "Kotarou-san is, in some ways, like the boys."

"Huh the boys?" Chisame said. And just when she said that comment, the match bell had rung, signaling the start of the match. But once the match began, Kotarou was immediately hit by Ku:Nel that sent him flying.

Kotarou managed to right himself and landed on his feet but then fell to one knee. Kotarou started to shake nervous as he processed what just happened, Gnh, he said to himself. What the? My legs! He saw right through my Shundo from the start, and one hit to my chin and back, and my legs have gone totally! He then looked up, Ku:Nel smiling at him. Who is this guy?

"You're called Kotarou-kun? It seems you're keen on fighting Negi-kun in the next round, but sadly, that desire cannot be granted," spoke Ku:Nel. "You as you are reach barely to the level of my feet."

"Fancy talker, aren'tcha," Kotarou said, putting up a strong front to overcome his fear of the situation. "Bet you got lots of friends. Hnh! 'Don't reach up to your feet,' huh…Well, you never know until you… " he said using Shundo while Natsumi and Chizuru looked concerned from the side. Goten and Trunks, whose fusion had ended a while ago, were concerned as well. But there was nothing they could do since they knew the outcome already.

"Until you try!" Kotarou shouted using several shadow clones to attack Ku:Nel. But Ku:Nel was able to block and dodge all of Kotarou's blows with ease seeing as Kotarou's clones were only afterimages.

"There it is people! He's doing it! The infamous 'Bunshin no Jutsu!'" shouted Kazumi into the mic. Kotarou continued to try and hit Ku:Nel until he finallymanaged to score a hit, only to find out that it was just a clone.

"Actually, I do know," Ku:Nel said from Kotarou's back. "As did you, I'd say after our first clash." With that Ku:Nel hit Kotarou square in the chest lifting him from his feet and making the hanyou spit out some bile. Ku:Nel then followed with a palm attack, smacking Kotarou back down to the ground, causing him to bounce off a few times before landing on top of the water.

"Whoa! So much for the 'Bunshin No Jutsu'! Challenger Ku:Nel's open-palmed strike lands…and another one bites the dust!" Kazumi spoke in shock.

Chizuru, Natsumi and Negi were all getting concerned about Kotarou's safety. Gohan, meanwhile, frowned his eyebrows even more. Give up Kotarou-san, Gohan said to himself. You can't win this match.

Kotarou, in the meantime, was okay for the moment as he stood on top of the water. His body continued to tremble in fear though. H-He's strong! Kotarou said to himself. Who the hell is he? There's almost no contest! This is bad – really bad. I may not even win at this rate. But as soon as he said that, Kotarou shook his head to get rid of those thoughts. Wh-What'm I talking about! Look at Negi! This is no time for me to think about retreating! I can't give up! Him and me, we promised!

"INUGAMI! SHIKKUU KOKUROUGA!" With that, Kotarou summoned his dog spirits to aid him in battle to distract his opponent before he Shundo-ed in front of Ku:Nel, holding a ball of shadow energy in both hands as if he were trying to form a Kamehame-Ha infront of the hooded man. "GARYUU, INUGAMI-RYUU, ROUGASOU-SHOUDA!" Kotarou then thrusted the ball into Ku:Nel.

Kotarou let out a smile, thinking that he gotten a direct hit on the hooded, but it appeared to have no effect on him. Ku:Nel smiled. "That was a pretty good attack just now but..." Kotarou's eyes went wide. No way! It should've been a direct hit. What is this guy? Ku:Nel once again slammed him down to the floor. Kotarou gasped for air as he laid on the floor. "You are still quite young, yet…Don't hate yourself for being so weak," Ku:Nel said as he started to walk away from the downed hanyou.

"Damn it...H...He won against Takamichi-san...I can't give...in a place like this...Not here...and not now!" Kotarou said, furious at himself as his claws began extending and his hair going white. "We made a promise…me and him…to meet…in the next round…!" but before his transformation was complete, Ku:Nel waved his hand and Kotarou was pushed down by an immense force of gravity.

"Lycanthropy…goodness me," Ku:Nel said. "If you'd managed to get that off, you might've done it."

"Wh-What an impact! C-Could it be that Challenger Murakami…" Kazumi began to announce.

"Still, there's something to be said for such a straight-ahead fellow," Ku:Nel compliment. "Negi-kun's lucky to have you as a friend…though you've far yet to go. In my experience, you're the type who, once thoroughly beaten, tends to come back, even stronger with the right training and master of course. I hope to be around to see it…Kotarou-kun." with that said Kazumi announced him the winner and he walked off stage.



* * *



A few minutes later…

In the infirmary, Kotarou opened his eyes and found that Chizuru, Gohan and Kaede were beside his bed. "Kotarou-kun! You're awake!" Chizuru smiled as the boy jerked up quickly.

"Huh? I...T-The match?" Kotarou then looked at Gohan and Kaede "...Did I lose?" he asked.

Before he could get an answer from the two, Chizuru began fixing his blanket. "You were amazing out there Kotarou-kun. I never knew you had it in you. Now lie back down and try to…" however Kotarou pushed her away with a look of sadness and disappointment in his face before grabbing his jacket and running off. "Kota-chan!" called Chizuru but Gohan stopped her from running after him. "Gohan-kun!"

"Chizuru-san, don't worry about him," Gohan said as he noticed a figure going towards Kotarou's location. "Kotarou-san will be fine. Trust me on this. He'll come back like nothing happened."



* * *



Meanwhile…

Kotarou stared at the lonely skies as he sat on the rooftops near the Mahora Budokai arena. His mind was filled with thoughts of Negi, starting with their first encounter and afterwards their promise. He clenched himself tightly, crying softly and covering himself to hide away from his shame. "So you're in a place like this?" spoke a voice. Kotarou jerked a bit, recognizing immediately the voice. He looked with his eyes and saw Piccolo standing near him with his arms folded. "How are your injuries?" the Namekian asked.

"I'm fine now...all these bandages…Chizuru-neechan..." Kotarou replied sadly.

"It goes toward her concern for you," Piccolo said. "I learned about those human emotions. It is something you should treasure, not throw it away so carelessly."

"...I lost to Negi," Kotarou said. "...I lost to Gohan-onii-san and Kaede-neechan too...and the day was lost, too...I wonder if I'm just weak..."

"Everyone is weak. That's how we become strong," Piccolo said plainly.

"That's not what I mean! And don't you start like Chibi-Yue! The only thing I can do, is fight. And if I can't even do that…how else can I compete with him? Look how hard he worked – and suffered – to beat Takamichi-san…whereas I…I just got weak." Kotarou was in tears as he spoke, "What if he won't even look at me or even Gohan-nii-san? Then what?"

"Gohan isn't like that and from what I gathered, Negi isn't either," Piccolo said.

"Shut up, you sound as if you know everything!" yelled Kotarou, ready to run away from Piccolo but suddenly, he found himself lying on the ground after being punched by Piccolo's fist.

"You know, I tried to do the nice guy act," Piccolo said, cracking his knuckles as he stood over Kotarou's position. "Try to talk some sense into you with words as Gohan suggested I do but it seems like that is not going to work so I am going to do what I originally planned, the old fashioned way."

"And what is that huh?" Kotarou asked as he turned his head angrily at Piccolo, only to see a ki ball forming right in front of him.

"This," Piccolo said with no emotion in his voice as he launched the ki ball at Kotarou. Kotarou avoided the blast but only barely. He quickly got up and ready to retreat, thinking that Piccolo was getting crazy. But before he could do anything, Kotarou suddenly felt a punch in his stomach, causing him to spit out some bile. He fell on his two knees as he tried to collect his breath. "Pathetic," Piccolo said as he stood over the hanyou.

"What did you say?" Kotarou said angrily.

"Is this really all you got? I expected more than this, especially after hearing about your skill from Gohan," Piccolo said. "You really are weak."

"Shut the hell up!" Kotarou yelled as he got up, gathering ki around his body. He quickly attacked the Namekian, launching a series of attacks at him. Kicks, punches, you name it. However, none of his attacks were landing on Piccolo and the wounds that were covered up by Chizuru's bandages began to open up, causing Kotarou to wince in pain. That was the moment for Piccolo to strike as he gave an elbow jab to Kotarou's chest and then an uppercut to the hanyou's chin. Kotarou was sent flying into the air and was suspended momentarily in mid-air. He opened one of his eyes to see Piccolo before him, his arms raised up and ready to deliver a devastating axe attack. Luckily Kotarou avoided it at the last second but not without some consequences as more wounds began to open up.

Kotarou landed on the rooftop, grabbing his wounds tightly and wincing in pain. Piccolo landed in front, a small smile on his face. "Impressive," Piccolo muttered.

What the hell is his deal? Kotarou asked himself. Why the hell is he attacking me? Didn't he realize that I just had a match earlier where I got my ass handed to me? "Dammit," Kotarou said. "If only I wasn't so weak and had lost that match."

"Then train harder!" Piccolo shouted.

"Huh?"

"Just because you lost, it doesn't mean you should fall into pieces!" Piccolo said. "If you didn't win, then you weren't strong enough! Train more! Train harder! Train until you can beat the one who beat you!"

"But how?" Kotarou asked.

"Train with me," Piccolo replied.

"What?"

"You heard what I said," Piccolo said. "After this tournament is over, we will begin your training. Be ready for it. In the meantime, watch the upcoming match that I have with Negi. Watch very carefully, for that is what we will be doing starting next week."

"But why train me?" Kotarou said. "Wouldn't it be better if you trained someone who isn't a failure like me?"

"You really are an idiot," Piccolo said. "You are just like Gohan back when he was younger."

"Go-Gohan-nii-san?"

"Gohan wasn't strong like he is now. Every battle that he fought in, he always faced insurmountable odds but he never once stopped himself and call himself weak," Piccolo explained. "Whenever he lost a fight, he would always train harder so he can never be weak again and have the power to protect his friends and those dear to him. I'm sure you know that feeling, especially after watching the fight against Broli. Learn from him." With that, Piccolo floated off the rooftop and went towards the stage. He left Kotarou behind, thinking about the words that Piccolo left him.



* * *



Back at the tournament grounds…

Gohan let out a small smile as he saw Piccolo float away from Kotarou's position. I hope you are ready for his training Kotarou-san, Gohan said to himself. Piccolo-san will definitely get you up to shape. As he started to walk away from the infirmary room, he noticed Negi running towards him. "Hey Negi-san!" waved the demi-saiyan at the small teacher.

"Gohan-san! There you are!" Negi said. "I have been looking everywhere for you."

"Huh? What do you mean Negi-san?" Gohan asked. Then he noticed the panicked look from Negi's face and immediately knew something was up. "Negi-san, what's wrong?"

"It's terrible Gohan-san!" panicked Negi. "You remembered when Chisame-san asked about that word 'Maho'?"

"Yeah what about it?"

"Well, there have been posts about it all over the internet, including the about the matches," Negi said. "There have even been mentions of aliens walking amongst the fighters and the classmates."

"What?" shrieked the demi-saiyan. "Explain more Negi-san."

"Chisame-san explained to me how about a week ago, there have been numerous posts about Maho and the strange occurrences that have been going on in Mahora Campus," Negi explained. "And what's more, we think that someone is desperately trying to spread the word about 'Maho'. Gohan-san do you know what that means?"

Gohan nodded. "Yeah I know what it means Negi-san," responded the demi-saiyan. "If magic is revealed to the world, all mages will be forced to turn into ermines."

"What are we going to do Gohan-san?" Negi said in a panic, before Gohan put a hand on the boy's head.

"First off, we are not going to panic," Gohan said calmly, relaxing the nervous boy teacher. "Secondly, we just gotta make sure not to show off too much during the tournament. I'll go tell Dad and the others about it."

Negi nodded. "Right!"

"I wouldn't do that," spoke a voice. Gohan and Negi quickly turned around to see Ku:Nel Sanders standing before the two of them with a smile on his face. "Hello there Gohan-kun…and Negi-kun." Gohan quickly got himself in a fighting stance, his fists clenched. "Easy there Gohan-kun, I am not here to fight. I only wanted to talk to Negi-kun before he went to his next match."

"You…you're the one who defeated Kotarou-kun…" Negi said, remembering full well the match of his friend and how soundly beaten he got.

"Ku:Nel Sanders. Pleased to meet your acquaintance," the hooded man said. "I'm also pleased to see how far you've come Negi-kun."

Gohan frowned his eyebrows a bit, not trusting the friendly look of Ku:Nel. "What do you want with Negi-san?" Gohan asked, a bit of ki escaping from his body which caused some of the pebbles and dirt to fly away from him.

Ku:Nel stood still as the breeze passed by him. "Nothing special," Ku:Nel said with a smile still on his face. "I just wanted to let Negi-kun know that if he made it to the next round, there will be a reward waiting for him."

"What kind of reward?" Gohan asked. Before he knew it, Ku:Nel suddenly appeared in front of Negi, surprising both the boy teacher and the demi-saiyan.

"If you can make it to the next round…I will let you fight with me," Ku:Nel said into Negi's ear with the last part in a voice of so familiar to Negi that caused Negi to flung eyes wide open. But before he could ask anything, Ku:Nel vanished out of sight. Gohan looked around for him as well.

"Very interesting," Gohan muttered. "I wonder if that is a clone. No one can move that fast and not give a ki signature. It's like Dad's Instant Transmission in some ways. Oh well, I guess we'll find out soon. But anyways, Negi-san what Ku:Nel want to talk with you about?" As soon as he asked that question though, Gohan noticed a worrisome look on Negi's face. It was if he had seen a ghost or something. "Negi-san?"

Negi flinched, not realizing that he was spacing out when Gohan called out his name earlier. "Yeah, Gohan-san?"

Gohan got a little bit worried. "Is everything all right Negi-san?" the demi-saiyan asked.

Negi let out a smile that Gohan immediately knew was fake. "Yeah everything is fine," replied the boy teacher. "Come on, we should get going to the arena. I'm sure they finished the repairs and I need to get ready for match with Piccolo-san."

"Y-Yeah," Gohan said as he and Negi ran towards the arena. Something must have happened between Negi-san and Ku:Nel, Gohan said to himself. I wonder what though.



* * *



Meanwhile…

"Kagurazaka Asuna! Let me go right now!" screamed a voice as a series of voices could be heard from the front of the temporary infirmary building. It was Asuna, Eva and Setsuna as they all had come out from the building with Asuna holding onto Eva's arm.

"Aw, enough already, let's go and see the match," Asuna said. "Maybe even get some juice, huh?"

"Release me, fool!" yelled Eva, furious in being treated like a little girl that needed to be held by the hands. "What's with the palling around, all of a sudden? If there's one thing I can't stand, it's that laid-back attitude of yours!"

"Silly Eva-chan," Asuna laughed at Eva's antics as she used Kanka to hold onto Eva's arm.

"Use Kanka on me will you?" Eva said angrily. "Besides, what's there to be proud about when you've got my arm in a hold?" Eva gruffed as she flipped Asuna around, with Asuna making a perfect landing that even surprised Setsuna and herself. "I didn't tell you about my past to buy your sympathy, Kagurazaka Asuna! And I've no intention of being 'friends' with you – not now, not ever! I say again – and I hope this time you're listening – I am a bad, evil, no-good mage. And a murder to boot."

"B-But in your case, y-you couldn't help it, right, Eva?" Asuna said, remembering how Eva had become a vampire.

"And yet, if only for the first one, that wasn't true…I knew what I was doing – Don't you dare think otherwise," Eva said.

"E-Even so, th-that was, like, hundreds of years ago right?" Asuna said.

Eva gruffed. "You are a fool," she said. "Don't you try and justify it. Besides, I've done plenty of other evil stuff since then. Look. It's not like I don't know what you're trying to do. You have a kind heart; I get that. Over the course of my long life, there have been times I'd have been grateful for it. Even so, there are things in this world for which even the kindest people can make no excuse." Eva let out a smile as she slowly started to walk away. "Put in terms of the video games I so enjoy playing, I'm a final or next-to-final 'boss' character. Your best move is to leave me be."

Asuna and Setsuna looked at Eva as she walked away, trying to figure out a way to talk to her and realize on how to change into a good person. There was still time to do that. "I know what you are thinking Asuna-san," Setsuna said, immediately knowing the look on Asuna's face. "But from the things she's told us of her past, it seems she's been through things we can't even being to imagine. It may be that, no matter what we say, there's no changing what's gone before."

"I guess you're right Setsuna-san," Asuna said.

"Oh and one more thing!" Eva yelled, catching Asuna and Setsuna's attention. "Watch out for Chao Lingshen! If you thought I was bad, she is on a whole different level!" Especially when she has a Saiyan partner to work with, Eva said to herself as she walked away, amused at the looks that Asuna and Setsuna showed. Still, this Saiyan is different than the other two. He is on a whole different level. Assistant, I hope you have the strength to stop him before he does anything bad. You promised remember.

Back with Asuna and Setsuna, the two girls tried to figure on what Eva meant with the comment on Chao. Was Chao really that bad of her person? What could she be planning? Before they could ask any questions to Eva, Asuna saw Negi running towards them. "Negi!"

"Asuna-san!" Negi said. "Have you guys finished with Eva-san?"

"Yeah we have," Setsuna replied. "But where is Gohan-sensei? Wasn't he with you?"

"We split up earlier," Negi said, panting a bit for air. "He said he needed to talk with someone about something."

"I see," Asuna said. However, she noticed a look on Negi's face that got her worried. "What's wrong Negi? You seem upset."

"Th-The thing is, I'm looking for Ku:Nel Sanders-san," Negi said. "Have you seen him?"

"Not really," Setsuna said. "But shouldn't you get going Negi-sensei? Your match is about to start."

"I know, but I just saw him a moment ago," Negi said. "His voice – he sounded one way, but then suddenly got all…" Negi drew a conclusion in his head. Maybe he shouldn't tell the others about he saw. "I guess it's nothing. At least, nothing I can explain."

"Are you sure?" Asuna asked.

Negi nodded. "Yes I'm sure," the boy teacher said. "I know what I must do. I must go to the next round, one way or the other."

"I see," Asuna said.

Suddenly, a bell chime was heard in the speakers placed all over the shrine. "Sorry for the wait, folks!" It was Kazumi's voice! "Match No. 10, Negi Springfield vs Ma Junior is about to begin! Please return to your seats."

"I should get going," Negi said. "Wish me luck." But before he left, he noticed a look on Asuna's face. "Asuna-san, is something wrong?"

Asuna was, at first, unsure on how to respond. She definitely knew that something had happened between Negi and Ku:Nel. She hoped that Gohan might have noticed it too and would do something about it before Negi did something ridiculous like always. She let out a smile, giving him the thumbs up. "Everything's fine! Go on, go."

"Hai!" Negi nodded and went towards the arena stage where he was going to face Piccolo.

In the meantime, two nuns, whom had gotten by a mysterious figure that was waiting near the entrance of the shirne by using two tickets that they had on, were jumping down from the sky and landed right next to Asuna and the group. "Abeat…now then what should we do…?" the nun said. However, before she realized it, she had been spotted and her artifact card which clearly read Misora on it.

"Misora-chan, you're Misora-chan right? What are you doing here? What with that card?" asked a furious Asuna while grabbing the nun's shoulder.

"No, no, no, I am not the person you call Misora. Who's that? Why, I'm a nobody nun, just passing thru," said the nun as she tried to wave her off.

"When we're out on the track field fighting it out for first and second, you remember me well enough," Asuna said as she grabbed the escaping nun. "You're a magic user too, aren't you?"

The nun turned around and looked at Asuna with a straight face. "I'm terribly sorry, but you're mistaken!" she said, giving Asuna the thumbs up. Her act of course…didn't work

"Liar! The card has Misora written on it…explain this properly!" Asuna said shaking her.

"We're on a mission!" spoke the small nun who Misora called Cocone. "We're to access the subterranean levels of the tournament grounds – without the notice of Chao Lingshen – regain contact with Takahata-sensei, and if possible, rescue him."



* * *



A few minutes later…

"Wait a minute a bunch of stuff happened and I'm getting all confused," said Asuna after she just had a mild panic over Takamichi's capture. "The fact that Misora-chan is a mage well, I can let that one go…"

Misora was shocked when she heard this, doing a double take in front of her face. "You can?"

"Takahata-sensei was in mid-telepathic communication with us when we started losing him…" explained Cocone. " 'Taken prisoner in underground sewers – send help' was all we got."

"But Misora-chan: What motive could Chao-san have for taking Takahata-sensei prisoner?" Asuna asked.

"Like she said, he was just about to tell us when the telepathic connection went all," Misora started to explain before she realized that Asuna had called her Misora. "Wait – Misora? Who's Misora?"

"B-But I haven't had any telepathy reach me though," admitted Setsuna.

"It's my speciality…" said Cocone with a black look in her eyes.

"B-But what is Chao-san thinking? Doesn't that really make her a bad person just like Eva-chan said? It's still the middle of the Mahora festival – whatever it is, it has to be taken seriously," Asuna said as she tried to figure out what was going on. At least, that's what Gohan would say I think, Asuna said before shaking her head to get rid of her thoughts because as soon as she said the demi-saiyan's name, the kiss that they shared immediately popped into her head.

"Have you contacted your superiors?" asked Mei.

"I've put in a word, yes, but we're already so short-handed, and…we'll need more than half-heard telepathy before they'll pull resources," Misora replied.

"Asuna-san, I think we should let Gohan-sensei know about this and then after his match, Negi-sensei," suggested Setsuna.

"I guess so," pondered Asuna. "Wait we can't. Negi has a serious match now and already has enough on his hands as well. I don't know about asking Gohan though but…I don't think we should anyways. We can't tell either of them. We'll just have to figure it out without them."



* * *



Back at the tournament stage…

"Thanks for waiting folks!" shouted Kazumi in the microphone. "It has been an exciting tournament so far! One massive battle after another! And it's only the second round! Can you believe it?"

Negi, who was standing in front of the stairs shaking, was processing what happened earlier with Ku:Nel. His voice, the boy teacher said to himself. I know beyond doubt that it was the voice of my father! Just who is Ku:Nel Sanders?

Meanwhile, Goku and the rest of the Z senshi were watching from the sidelines. "Hmph, the brat stands no chance," Vegeta said.

"I don't know Vegeta," Goku said. "He might come out on top."

"Are you crazy Kakarotto? The Namekian losing to small brat. I would like to see that happen if it ever does," Vegeta said.

"Go Negi-kun!" cheered Goten as he rested on the railing with his partner in crime, Trunks right next to him.

"Go Negi!" Trunks followed. However, he noticed on a strange look on Negi's face. "Are, what's wrong with Negi?"

"What do you mean Trunks-kun?" asked Goten.

"I mean, Negi is shaking all over the place," Trunks pointed out. "Do you think he is nervous about facing against Piccolo-san?"

"I don't think so," spoke a voice from behind. All of the Z senshi turned around to see Gohan walking towards them, with his usual Son grin on his face.

"Onii-chan," Goten said, a happy smile on his face as he went towards his older brother.

"What makes you say that Gohan?" asked Kuririn. "Piccolo is a fearsome guy. I wouldn't put past him to scare some people off."

"It's definitely not about Piccolo-san that's for sure," Gohan responded. "Negi-san is thinking about something else. Earlier we had an encounter with Ku:Nel."

Goku's face turned a bit serious, remembering what happened earlier with Ku:Nel. Even though the hooded man always had a smile on his face, Goku couldn't trust him just yet. Something was off about him, especially when he touched the Saiyan's shoulder. Goku immediately felt something right after the touch. It was as if the man was looking into his past. It felt…strange. "What happened?" asked Goku.

"Nothing particular," Gohan replied. "He simply wanted to talk to Negi-san, but afterwards he said something that got Negi-san all agitated. The only reason could be that Ku:Nel said something about Negi-san's father."

"Hmph, what a lack of concentration," Vegeta said. "What a pathetic excuse for a warrior. Just because he said something about the boy's father, doesn't mean that the brat should be like this."

"You don't understand Vegeta-san," Gohan said. "Negi-san has been looking for his father for a long time. He hasn't found any real clues yet as to where he is, but if I have to guess…Ku:Nel may hold that answer. I already spoke to Piccolo-san about this and he said that he already had something planned for Negi-san."

"That's good then," Goku said, his Son grin returning to his face. "I just hope it's nothing bad."

"Yeah, me too," muttered Gohan, worried a bit about Negi's safety.

Back at the arena stage, Negi continued to stand before the stairs before seeing Piccolo fly over him and land in a corner, drawing some awes from the crowd. Piccolo stared down at Negi, which the boy immediately knew that it was time to have the match. Negi took the first steps and went on to the stage towards the opposite corner of that of Piccolo's. Negi inhaled and exhaled quickly, taking away some of his nerves. Piccolo noticed the look on Negi's face. Gohan was right, Piccolo said to himself. He is definitely not himself. Perfect for me. I hope you are watching this Kotarou.

"Now then, here's the strongest child sensei who's been one of the centers of focus Challenger Negi, versus the Green Caped Crusader, Challenger Ma Junior. The winner of this match will be advancing onto the Mahora Budokai semi-finals to face-off against Challenger Ku:Nel Sanders!" said Kazumi as the crowd cheered.

On a nearby roof, the girls were cheering as they were all there to see the match, especially that of Negi's. Earlier, the girls tried to get through the old fashioned way, but the line was way too long for their tastes. Luckily, thanks to Makie's quick thinking, they proceeded to go on top of the roof and towards the stage without even paying for a ticket. "There he is, Negi-kun" said Yuna.

"Oh dear! How gallant!" Ayaka said with her hands clapped together and sparkles in her eyes. Some of the girls sweat-dropped at the sight and were about to say something to the Class Rep but were interrupted by Kazumi who said in the mic that the match was about to begin.

Negi meanwhile was still mulling over everything in his head, and what his brother had told him before the match. I know that was Father's voice before, Negi said to himself. Does he knowing something about Father? If so, I have to make it to the next round to find out. Therefore I have to win against Piccolo-san in this match. But there's no way I can win against him. He is Gohan-san's sensei and a powerful fighter to boot. There's no way I can have any chance of winning. What should I do now…? Then it hit him. Maybe, if I were to explain everything to him, I'm sure Piccolo-san will understand. Besides, Piccolo-san is my friend and a dear friend to Gohan-san. I'm sure Gohan-san went and told Piccolo-san to give up the match. I should ask him. Negi looked up at Piccolo and asked, "U-um…Piccolo-san…a-actually…"

But before he could finish, Negi noticed that Piccolo was grabbing his cape and turban. This was not good. Throwing his head wear aside, Piccolo then slipped his cape off and threw it onto the ground as to accompany the white wrappings of his turban. When the articles of clothing landed on the ground, it produced a loud thud and some cracks, drawing some awes and eye-popping looks from the crowd as they got a new look at Piccolo. The most interesting feature of Piccolo was his two antennae's and the fact that he was green! "I understand, Negi. I won't hold back at all, so be ready," he said with determined eyes and cracking his neck.

Definitely not the response that Negi was looking for. However, he shook his head, realizing that every opponent that he had faced, they always went at him at full power. 'That's right isn't it? Up to now everyone including Setsuna-san, Goku-san, Vegeta-san, Gohan-san and even me have fought seriously, what am I thinking? I'm a baka, baka, baka. I was able to win against Takamichi too even though I didn't think I could win. This time again, I will use my full strength. There is no other way but to clear the path with my own power!

"Oh, oh looks like it's starting!" said Makie on the roof with all the others lying down to see all the action.

"That green man is his opponent," said Ayaka in mild worry. "I hope sensei will be okay."

'Uu, to be honest, I never watched Piccolo-san fight at full strength. I know that he was in Kyoto when we were trying to stop that giant demon from being summoned and where I met Fate. I wonder, will my combat style work here? Negi thought to himself as he tried to mentally prepare himself. He shook his head as he got into his usual fighting pose. 'It's pointless to think about it. Just break in and do it!

Kazumi raised her hand. "Now then let the 10thmatch…"she began to announce. Then with a flail of her arm, she yelled, "…Begin!"

Instantly Negi summoned three magic arrows to surround him and immediately Shundo-ed behind Piccolo. He struck the Namekian's back with an attack. "WIND-FLOWER PONCHUAN!" yelled Negi as he landed a direct hit.

"Is it over…?" asked Yuuna shocked at Negi's display.

"Ehh did he win already?" added Ayaka.

"It didn't work," Gohan said as Negi noticed his fist was vibrating inches from Piccolo's back. It didn't reach. Was it completely diverted by his Ki? thought Negi as he jumped back to get some distance between him and the Namekian. Without warning though, Piccolo charged Negi down, shooting straight forward and flying at the boy teacher. Negi nervously watched Piccolo's approach, sidestepping Piccolo. Using shundo once again, he tried to get behind Piccolo and attack with another technique. However Piccolo knew it was coming. He landed and waited till the last second before leaping straight up into the air, flying up into the sky. Negi flew past his position, sending a roundhouse kick where Piccolo once stood. Following after his opponent, Negi shot up after Piccolo after summoning his staff. After reaching twenty stories up, Piccolo turned through the air so that his front was facing the ground below and see Negi flying straight up towards him. There he waited, right until the boy teacher finally got to him.

With a growl, Negi punched at him, seeing Piccolo side step and spin away, parrying the blow in his movements and knocking out Negi's staff from his hand. Negi cursed at himself for having his guard so wide open. It was about time he tried to use Bukujutsu after being trained a bit on the technique by Gohan. It was hard but because of the threat that Piccolo was posing, Negi started to float due to his subconscious. Leveling out so that they were right way up, the two began to fight. On the defense, Piccolo moved around, evading Negi's attacks and blocking them. Both of them were on equal grounds. Although not powered up to maximum, they still fought fiercely, seeing what the other would do.

Avoiding three more combinations, Negi leapt back and fired a blast straight forward. The blast was a single hand scatter shot, the pieces of energy flying in a shot gun spray like way straight at its target. Piccolo dropped altitude swiftly to avoid it before flying up, throwing back his own hand and throwing it forward, unleashing a counter blast. It flew at Negi, on course to strike. Negi wasn't so easily beat and sidestepped casually with the blast passing through thin air. Negi appeared several meters forward to the side, a concentrated look on his face and teeth gritted but before being sent flying towards the ground with an axe kick by Piccolo.

BOOOM!

The arena was covered in dust. The crowd gasped, worried about Negi's safety. Gohan and the Z senshi knew better. Negi was all right and they were able to prove it when the smoke disappeared, Negi standing tall, a trickle of blood coming out of his mouth. He immediately got himself in a fighting pose, knowing that Piccolo was about to strike but from where? He wondered.

Suddenly, Negi felt a slight tug in the air. He looked behind and saw Piccolo standing before him. Not good! Negi used Shundo once again to escape from Piccolo. He then used it once again to get behind the Namekian, lifting his leg up for a straight kick. However, Piccolo knew it was coming. Grabbing hold of Negi's leg, Piccolo forward flipped over it and entering Negi's defensive area, kneed him in the face. Negi growled a bit as he staggered backwards from the blow. The crowd went wild with cheer and awe at the fight they were witnessing.

Wiping his bleeding lip quickly, Negi used Shundo once again, flying forward again at super-fast speeds, reaching Piccolo in two seconds flat. Piccolo shifted back quickly, raising his defenses and readying his counter. He blocked and continuously evaded quick, powerful strikes, ducking and side stepping. Seeing openings, Negi attacked as well, forcing Piccolo back. Piccolo blocked and dodged as well, moving forward and attacking again. He met with resistance and defenses before breaking them by elbowing Negi across the face when he accidentally dropped his guard. Piccolo watching him stagger back just like he did and frowned, taking a different stance.

As Negi rubbed his cheek, he heard Piccolo speak. "Try not to drop your guard if your opponent is still in focus. Find the openings like you were before then strike, don't let up or hesitate, no matter who you're fighting!" Piccolo stated.



* * *



Meanwhile…

While the match was going on, Asuna and the others were in the underground tunnels, readying themselves to go and rescue Takamichi. "Asuna-san please wait it's dangerous, let's wait for the support from other Mahou Sensei's," pleaded Misora.

"That won't work!" Asuna shot back. "Didn't you say it before, until we get a confirmation, nobody will come."

"T-Then at the very least wait until the match is over…" Misora requested.

"That's a bad idea nee-san," responded Chamo, who was on top of Setsuna's head. "I don't know what Chao's objective is, but it's possible that she might just disappear off to nowhere after the tournament ends. Let's go get Takamichi and chibi-Setsuna as proof of her bad deeds."

Asuna nodded in agreement. "Isn't that right Misora-chan?" she asked to the nun.

"I'm not Misora-chan…um how do I put this, I hear that Takahata-sensei is the strongest mahou sensei in the school if he ever were to get serious. I'm sure he'll be alright even by himself," Misora said while giving her the thumbs up and a twinkle in her eyes.

"You do remember that Gohan-anii-san is a lot stronger than Takamichi right…?" asked Chamo, knowing full well the difference in terms of power between the two warriors.

"In that case let's go back and watch the match then…" Misora said as she tried to walk away and go back to the tournament grounds.

However, she stopped when Asuna grabbed her from behind and not letting the nun escape from her clutches. "You can't be serious…?" she asked. "Are you a student of magic or aren't you?

"But I wanna watch Negi-kun's and Gohan-sensei's match! It's a platinum ticket!" Misora pleaded, holding her cross in a prayer as if God was going to help her out of this situation.

"But Chao-san was able to restrain Takahata-sensei right? There might be something dangerous" warned Setsuna.

"It'll be alright, no matter what happens she's still a classmate right? It won't get seriously dangerous…I think," Asuna replied to her.

"I understand Asuna-san. I will then forfeit my match with Gohan-sensei and come along with you," Setsuna said, surprising Asuna.

"You can't Setsuna-san!" responded Asuna to her friend. "Didn't you say you wanted to fight with Gohan earlier. Besides, Gohan needs a good talking to for getting us worried about Negi. So you can't just forfeit like that. Didn't Eva-chan talk to you about having both the sword and happiness?"

"Yes, but this and that are completely diff…" Setsuna said before she was interrupted by Asuna, as Chamo had gone onto Asuna's shoulder now.

"We'll be fine. Besides, there is nothing to worry about. Just have a good match with Gohan, okay?" Asuna said with a thumbs up and a smile on her face. However, deep down, Asuna was jealous that Setsuna was going to match up with Gohan. She wanted to do that. But right now, that didn't matter. She needed to know about her feelings towards Takamichi. Maybe, when she sees him again, she will know the answer.

Setsuna tried to argue with Asuna but was cut off when they heard a familiar voice in the sewers. "Huhuhu…if you are worried, then I shall accompany you!" It was Takane, who revealed herself in her shadow dress.

"Onee-sama have you been revived completely?" asked Mei.

"I felt evil so I rushed here. World peace is the mission of us mages so I felt the need to get here as soon as possible. Besides the Great Saiyaman would be disappointed if I didn't help out my fellow classmates and rescue someone in need, " Takane said with a determined look which had Mei and Konoka cheering at her feet while the others sweat dropped. And with that the Takahata-sensei rescue team was formed that included Asuna, Takane, Mei, Misora and Cocone.



* * *



Back at the tournament stage…

"Come on Negi! Don't hold anything back! Your opponent will not show you the same courtesy!" Piccolo roared, dashing straight at Negi, who at a distance from the Namekian.

They lashed out and attacked each other, fists and kicks flying. The two eventually broke the brawl with a powerful punch contact. Their fists rebounded off the others and both fighters were sent flying back. Skidding alongside the ground and halting themselves, they took balanced stances. Negi panted, while Piccolo just stared ahead of him with that fighter's look.

"He's not focusing," observed Gohan as he was leaning on the railing, hands clenching the rail pretty hard.

"You noticed it too then Gohan," Goku added.

"What do you mean Nii-chan?" Goten asked.

"Negi-san's mind is elsewhere instead of fully paying attention to the match. Unless he stops and focuses, he will lose," the demi-saiyan explained.

Piccolo-san is completely serious, Negi said to himself as he panted for air. No, if he was serious, Piccolo-san would have finished this match much sooner. Like I thought, Piccolo-san is strong… Suddenly, Piccolo started walking towards Negi with a serious look on his face, catching the boy teacher by surprise. "What's wrong Negi? It isn't right," Piccolo said coldly. "In your match against Takamichi, you moved much better.

Smacking his head, Negi stopped himself from falling onto the ground. Not yet! Negi said to himself as he took a stance. I will win this match! "Ohh he stood up! Contestant Negi has stood up!"

Negi Shundo-ed himself to battle with Piccolo, fists locking with each other in a brawl until Piccolo grabbed both fists and leaned forward towards Negi's head. "…Do you understand why you're not good right now?" Piccolo asked as the two of them went into super-speed along the arena. "Your heart is being held captive by your father, Nagi Springfiled," he said he blocked another one of Negi's attacks and countered right into his face. "Your 'in's and 'out's of your Shundo technique are both too rough. Keep thinking how you need to win, and watch your hands not move and your feet not react."

Negi rolled along the floor from the blow as Piccolo kept on talking. "Being hung up…stuck on…dreams, goals…chasing after that fleeting image of your fathers has, for the most part, been a source of strength for you – but…if you keep your eyes fixed so far ahead, you may not see what's right before you, and miss the trees for the forest. May miss a flower in bloom before your eyes."

It was then Negi noticed Sakura petals all around him and his shaking came to a stop as Piccolo continued to talk. "Your opponent right now is me. Look at me, Negi," Piccolo said. "And…about the days of chasing after your father…about that orange-haired girl named Asuna…about that pet ferret named Chamo… about Gohan…and about everybody else, must never be forgotten." Negi took a moment to admire the petals and took a deep breath.

"Oioi what's with that…that's sooo handsome Negi-kun," Makie shouted with stars in her eyes.

"Nyanyanya, maybe it's a good thing we came to watch after all" said Sakurako red faced.

Next to them Ayaka was shaking, which drew from some worried looks from the girls. "Ah no, Iincho we didn't mean it like that" Yuna said.

"Yeee! Green man! H-How dare you? How dare you – to Negi-sensei – while I…!"

Yuna grabbed her in a full nelson "Calm down Iincho you'll die!" Yuna pleaded.

"Let me go I have to settle this thing with that person once and for all!" Ayaka screamed, trying to push away from Yuna's grip but with no avail.

"Do you know if this match is the real thing…?" Ako asked.

"It's unbelievable," Makie said. "I'd say it's the real thing but you never know. It's pretty cool though."

"Wait everyone look at this!" Madoka said, signaling the girls to come over. "Look Iincho, look at this too." Everyone stopped what they were doing and went over to Madoka's laptop. On the screen, there was something showing up on Negi. It read, "Secret past of tears…reasons for entering the tournament for Negi Springfield…"

"Here I go Piccolo-san" Negi said with a determined look in his eyes. Piccolo nodded as he and Negi got themselves in a fighting position. Gohan smiled at the sight. He is finally focused, Gohan said to himself. Then both of launched from the spots, ready to begin the fight once again. Meeting each other half way, the two of them turned up the heat and sent their fight into a new level. Attacking and defending in intravenous times, the two of them circled each other, floating up as they continued to fight. The sounds of fists flying and attacks making contact could be heard, as well as the grunts and growls sounded by the two fighters. When they reached another set altitude, Piccolo began pressing forward, attacking quickly at his small, fast opponent.

Throwing a left and missing, seeing that Negi had shifted, he then threw a right, but also missed. It was when he was pulling his right fist back did he get hit again. Negi sent a right, straight up knee into his gut, using the two slacked attacks to approach and breach Piccolo's guard. The blow knocked the wind out of Piccolo and shocked him. With the Namekian's arm still held out, Negi grabbed it with his right hand and elbowed Piccolo in the stomach with a swift, left elbow. This strong blow further knocked the wind out of his stunned and surprised opponent. After positioning Piccolo's arm over his shoulder and grabbing his wrist in two hands, Negi let out a loud growl before throwing his opponent straight down towards the ground. The Namekian plummeted.

Dropping several stories, the green fighter eventually recovered and brought himself back into submission. Piccolo landed on the ground softly as he looked up at his opponent with a grin on his face. 'Wonderful, Piccolo said to himself. I've only said a few words and he actually changed this much. Impressive. Piccolo positioned himself in defensive stance, knowing that Negi was going to attack him right now.

With Piccolo in plain sight, the young boy teacher called out for his staff, which came quickly to his side. He held out his staff and, with a sharp chant, fired off a large and powerful magic attack. "RASTEL MASKIL MAGISTER! VENIANT SPIRITUS AERIALES FULGURIENTES! CUM FULGURATIONI FLET TEMPESTAS AUSTRINA! JOVIS TEMPESTAS FULGURIENS!" The attack flew at Piccolo quickly and with great speed. The Namekian, with his eyes flung open at the amount power that the attack had, had little time to react and barely managed to block it by crossing his arms over his face. Once the attack hit his arms, Piccolo lifted the blast over his head and away from the stage and into the sky. However, the result of that action was a slight explosion that occurred in front of the Namekian. When the smoke cleared, he looked over his guard. That proved to be a mistake as Negi was already flying straight at him. Dropping at such high speeds, Negi was able to kick Piccolo in the face where he looked up.

The blow hurt but not whole a lot with Piccolo hitting the ground hard and flying in mid-air a bit, growling from slight pain and shock. Piccolo eventually regained his senses. Without a moment to lose, Negi vanished into super speed using Shundo. "So Fast-fast-fast…is this movement possible for human beings? This is becoming a super high speed battle that your eyes can't even keep up with!" spoke an amazed Kazumi as she and the crowd continued to watch the match with awe and shock.

Piccolo spun through the air, flipping and landing. He skidded backwards along the ground, dust hurling. Leaning forward and positioning his feet to slow his track, the Namekian looked up and just as he was getting back to a proper stance, he got the surprise of his life when Negi suddenly appeared in front of him.

Still in the rematerializing process, the young boy teacher attacked Piccolo's unguarded face. Two straight, powerful blows to the face sent Piccolo staggering. Then, with the Namek knocked senseless temporarily, Negi jumped a bit to gain height and sent a backwards roundhouse kick straight across the Namekian's face. This one sent Piccolo spinning through the air and coming to a crash meters away. With that accomplished, Negi landed, dropped in his preferred fighting stance of Chinese martial arts.



* * *



Meanwhile…

On the roof Kotarou watched in slight envy at the progress that Negi has been making. "To have not even known about the Shundo until a day or so ago – and to now be using it so well," Kotarou said to no one in particular. However, apparently it was heard by a few people.

"In true battle, days or even weeks of training can all come to fruition within a minute – a second's- time," spoke Gohan as he, Goku, Goten, Trunks, Kuririn and Vegeta appeared next to the hanyou. "That's what Piccolo-san taught me when I was training with him when I was younger."

"What are you doing here Gohan-nii-san?" asked the hanyou.

Gohan gave his usual Son grin as he patted Kotarou's head. "I'm here to give support and say hello as well. After all, it might be the last time I see you since you are going to train with Piccolo-san."

"So you know about it too then," Kotarou said.

"Of course," Gohan replied. "I knew it when he approached you. You are lucky to have Piccolo-san as your teacher. It's not very often that Piccolo-san teaches anyone."

"Whatever," Kotarou said.

"Huhu you should really listen to what people tell you Kotarou-kun," said Ku:Nel, appearing out of nowhere and freaking out Kotarou, Goten and Trunks.

"UWOAH!" was the boys' reaction. Goku and Vegeta knew that Ku:Nel was approaching their position. However, something about his energy felt strange. Vegeta didn't care too much about it. He was just another weakling in his eyes.

"These people and Gohan came here to talk to you because they were worried about you," Ku:Nel said before Kotarou got himself in fighting pose.

However, before anything could happen, Goku stepped in. "May we help you hooded man?" asked the Saiyan with a serious look on his face.

"There is nothing to worry about Goku-san," Ku:Nel said. "I am not here to fight and instigate anything. I thought I might include myself in your little group." Ku:Nel smiled but Goku was not sure whether to trust the 'creepy' hooded man.

Goku exhaled. "Okay," Goku said with a Son grin on his face. "I'll trust you, for now." Ku:Nel smiled at the comment and was about to say something before a loud roar was heard coming from the arena.



* * *



Back at the arena…

"I-I-Incredible!" shouted Kazumi into her mic. "Challenger Negi has launched a powerful attack on Challenger Ma Junior and then attacked him head on! Will Ma Junior be able to get up?" Negi thought so as he panted a bit. There was no way that Piccolo would be defeated by such an attack. And it was true as Piccolo leapt to his feet, pushing off the ground with his arms. Spinning around, Piccolo rushed forward, sending a powerful hook. Negi grunted when he was hammered across the face, red blood flying from his mouth as he staggered back. Piccolo slowed before taking a balanced stance. Swiftly and quickly, he pivoted and sent a left, backwards roundhouse kick. However, when he expected to hit his opponent, he found his leg caught in a firm, strong grasp by Negi.

The two warriors looked at each other with grins on their faces as Negi let go of Piccolo's leg and proceed to attack the Namekian with a series of kicks and punches. Piccolo responded in kind. Their brawl was going at such a high speed that it was drawing awe from the crowd. "Awesome! Neither one of them are using human-like moves!" spoke one of the spectators.

"It's starting to become an even match," spoke another as the crowd continued to watch the two go back and forth.

"My eyes are starting to get used to movements," spoke another spectator.

"Does this mean that it's impossible foe even the child teacher this time?" someone asked.

"Oi, take a look at this, the school festival real time net news. Something about the child teacher showing up and his reasons behind entering the tournament," someone said while holding up their phone to his friends.

"The rumored child teacher's secret profile of tears…reasons for entering the tournament…?" the spectators read.

Meanwhile, Madoka continued to read what it said on the computer to the girls. "'Came to Japan to look for his missing dad', it says. 'Could the reason the child-teacher entered the tournament be that his long-lost father once won it…twenty-five years earlier?'"

This was reducing Ayaka to tears. "I-I never realized that was why he came here," Ayaka said.

"Doesn't sound like he had a mom, either," added Madoka.

"WHAT?" screamed Ayaka. She twisted and turn in shock with tears in her eyes. She was definitely playing the dramatic woman, which incidentally drew some sweat-drops from the surrounding girls. "That a mere ten-year-old should have to endure such tragedy! Why, he bore it so well, I never even noticed! And yet! And yet! How he suffers for our benefit, hiding it all inside! Oh, how can this be? To never even suspected! Shame on me!"

"I thought that there was more to him than just being a genius boy but…" mused Misa.

"How bashful…it would've been fine to tell us about it," Yuna replied. But I wonder what Gohan-kun's past is like.

"Negi-kun…" muttered Makie, her face in shock after reading the page. She never expected Negi to have such a tragic past.

Down below in the spectators' box, Haruna was reading from her phone the same thing that Madoka was reading earlier to the girls. "Hmm, Negi-kun actually had a past like that. I didn't know about that one~~!" she said while getting shocked looks from Nodoka, Yue and Konoka. She turned around with a sly smile on her face, which the girls knew meant trouble. "Fhn, fhn, fhn, fhn…by which I take it to mean that you all did know, didn't you!" Haruna stated with her aura getting scary. The girls knew they were in trouble. However, in less than a second, Haruna snatched them all in her arms, ready to interrogate the three girls about what she just read.

At the other side of the stage Chisame was looking at her notebook the same news. Before the match had started though, she had been trying to take down many of the threads that talked about the word 'Maho'. It wasn't for her own pleasure of course. Based on Negi and Gohan's reaction to the questioning, Chisame assumed that Negi and Gohan wouldn't like that kind of information to be posted on the internet server. However her work was stopped when she had received the same news as everyone else has. "Oi, is this thing for real?" she asked Chachamaru.

"Yes," replied the robot girl. "Although I believe that it was Chao-san who leaked out this piece of news. The content is undoubtedly identical with Negi-sensei's own story."

"How come there isn't any information on Gohan-sensei?" Chisame asked without even thinking about her words. She immediately regretted asking the question as a blush appeared on her face. "Nevermind, forget I said anything!"

Chachamaru titled her head a bit in confusion, wondering why Chisame was trying to avoid hearing the question. "Chao-san respects Gohan-sensei a lot and thus she wants to keep certain parts about his past a secret. I'm surprised that she hasn't revealed what Gohan-sensei really is."

Chisame's eyes widen when she heard Chachamaru. "Wait, you know about who he really is?"

Chachamaru looked over, her face expression-less as if it was already common knowledge. "Correct," the robot girl replied. "Gohan-sensei had told me and mistress about who he is and apparently had also told Asuna-san, Negi-sensei, Setsuna-san and Konoka-san as well." Chisame was slightly miffed at this, wondering how those girls got to be so lucky in hearing about Gohan's past. Chachamaru noticed the look on Chisame's face. Curious, she asked, "Is there something wrong Chisame-san?"

"None of your business," Chisame said irritated as she moved her eyes towards the stage. 'It's not like I wanted to know or anything…wait why am I thinking this? She said to herself, shaking her head to get rid of those thoughts.

Back on the roof, a new story appeared on Madoka's computer screen. Misa noticed the new story appeared. "Hey girls look at this! More breaking news!" spoke a shocked Misa. Once the girls crowded themselves around the computer, Misa began to read out lout the story. "Sources have confirmed that this man – Challenger Ku:Nel, who cloaks himself in mystery and has already claimed a spot in the semi-finals – is in reality, none other than Negi-kun's missing father!"

"No way!" all the girls screamed in shock.

"I-Is that true?" Ayaka asked.

"That's the question isn't it," Yuna said.

"But wouldn't it be dramatic if it were?" Shiina said with sparkles in her eyes.

"Nothing can come my just standing around and regretting my ignorance – proper though it may be!" Ayaka said, clenching her fist as she spoke. "The power of the Yukihiro conglomerate can be harnessed to find his father, for instance, or… –No! There's something else we must do first!

"This means it's time for our appearance!" Sakurako cried. Through unexplained methods, Misa, Madoka and Sakurako were suddenly now in their cheerleading outfits with pompoms. Ayaka also had a pair herself as she joined in the cheering. "In the name of the cheerleading…no, in the name of class 3-A, we support Negi-sensei!" they cheered in unison.

The rest of the audience began crying out support for Negi which incidentally made him and Piccolo stop the fight. "What's this, now? Can you hear it? They're calling out his name! Can it be the audience has finally been won over by his persistence in the face of such tragic events?" Kazumi shouted while Negi was bowing in thanks to the audience. "Even Iincho and the others are in this too?" said Kazumi spotting them all waving to him.

"If you make it to the final you might even be able to fight with your missing dad so do your best Negi-kun!" shouted one of the previous competitors from yesterday.

"…With Father? What's the meaning of this?" asked a confused Negi.

"…I don't know how everyone in the audience found out but they're right," Piccolo stated.

"Eh…"

"If you win against me you will be able to fight against your father, Nagi Springfield," the Namekian said.

"Wha…h…How did Piccolo-san know about…just exactly…" he couldn't finish as he was blasted away by Piccolo.

"You're letting your guard down Negi," Piccolo said coldly. "Didn't you say you'll only look at me just now? And didn't I tell you to never underestimate your opponent. If you can defeat me…" Piccolo said as he put his index and middle finger of his right hand together to his forehead. Sparks began to appear on the finger tips. "You'll be able to find out with your own eyes."

"Oh…what move is Challenger Ma Junior doing now?" announced Kazumi. "Could this be the final attack?"

"Time's about to run out, let's finish everything with this next attack," Piccolo said.

"Ohh a finishing declaration! Certainly the time is now at 14 minutes and 13…14…only a small amount of time is left! Could this be the last shot?"

"I will be coming at you seriously," the Namekian said as the sparks on his fingertips began to grow and grow until the sparks became a charged ki ball.

Gulping, Negi knew full well what Piccolo had in mind. He cleared his mind and exhaled. 'Right…right now look at Piccolo-san…' Negi said to himself as he put his arms forward and cupped his hands together with his knees bent, drawing interested and curious looks from the Z senshi and Piccolo himself as well.

So, Negi knows that attack as well, Piccolo said to himself. You have been training him well Gohan. I am very proud of you. Negi then began the chant as he put his cupped hands to his side. "KAAAaaaaa…MEEEeeee…!" A white orb began to form in his cupped hands. The crowd went quiet as the two fighters prepared their attacks. "HAAAAaaaaa…MEEEeeeee…!"

"Get ready Negi!" Piccolo screamed. In an instant, the two warriors launched their attacks.

"MAKANKOSAPPO!"

"HAAAA!" The two warriors sent their respective attacks at each other with Piccolo's attack being two thin ki beams being unleashed from the fingers while Negi's attack was a straight white ki beam that was sent from his cupped hands as he had launched them forward. The attacks collided with each other, creating an explosion in the middle of the stage and causing everyone to cover themselves from the bright explosion.

Inside the smoke though, the two of them had burst forward into action with Piccolo swinging his fist, cutting Negi's cheek. But then Piccolo felt a powerful attack in his stomach. He looked down and saw that Negi had managed to deliver a powerful elbow blow. Piccolo grinned.

"Piccolo-san…just now…" Negi started to say but was interrupted by the Namekian who patted Negi's head.

"No it was a wonderful hit," Piccolo said. "So that was your true strength. Impressive." Then Piccolo's legs started to wobble, causing the Namekian to fall to the ground.

"I-Is it over?" asked Kazumi.

Piccolo grinned once more. "It is," he said. "Negi has won this match. I give up."

"Challenger Negi wins!" The crowd went crazy with cheer especially for Negi.

"Alright awesome Negi-kun!" shouted Yuna.

"Ahh, Negi-sensei congratulations," added Ayaka. However Misa had to calm down everyone so they wouldn't get spotted by the ticket authorities and be kicked out from the tournament grounds.

"Ohh it seems like slow motion images of the finishing strike just now are out!" Kazumi said as the images appeared on screen.

"That was a good hit just now," Kuririn said as the Z senshi, Kotarou and Ku:Nel saw the images appear.

"Yeah…you're right," replied Goku.

"Just looking at that one hit just now…it's possible that he might have even surpassed you," Ku:Nel said, taking a glance at Kotarou, who obviously didn't like the comparison.

"Yeah, especially after Negi did the Kamehame-Ha against Piccolo," Goku said, with a surprised grin on his face. "I didn't know that you taught him that Gohan."

"I didn't Dad," replied the demi-saiyan. "Negi-san learned the technique all on his own."

"Really?" Goku said.

"Hmpf, whatever," Vegeta groaned. "The Namekian was obviously playing with the brat. If he was going serious, the brat would not have survived."

"Regardless Vegeta-'kun'," Ku:Nel said, which drew Vegeta's ire when he was called '-kun', "Negi-kun won the match in the end. Piccolo-san might have his reasons on why he let Negi win the fight. Of course, that boy is nowhere near my level just yet." Kotarou probably knew why. Piccolo-san was trying to show me what to expect during our training, Kotarou said to himself. A nervous sweat slid down the side of his face. I should be nervous but I can't stop feeling excited for the training. Can't wait for it.

"So why are you interested in Negi-kun?" Goten asked Ku:Nel.

"Yeah what is your objective creepy guy?" continued Trunks. "Is it the 10 million yen prize money?"

"Fhn, fhn," chuckled the hooded man. "Please. If you it's going to be me in there with him at the end, you're wrong. Though I'd rather like to face him."

"Huh?" questioned everyone.

"What do you mean?" Gohan asked.

"It's more a favor for a good friend of some ten years," replied Ku:Nel. "No. Make that a promise to keep."

"A promise of ten years?" Goku asked, curious as to what the promise was. However, he knew that Ku:Nel would not reveal so easily. Then all the Z senshi saw Gohan step in front of Ku:Nel. "Gohan?"

"I can trust you, can't I?" asked Gohan. Ku:Nel nodded. "Good. Because if anything were to happen to Negi-san, everyone here will come for you. You have already seen our Super Saiyan powers. Tournament rules or no, there are several ways to render you harmless…just so you know."

Ku:Nel lifted one of his eyebrows in curiosity. Did Gohan-kun find out? Ku:Nel said to himself before he began to chuckle once again. "As someone who may or may have your best interests in mind, I cannot say you are wrong to take such precautions against me," Ku:Nel replied. "I'm glad that Negi-kun met you Gohan-kun. An interesting bunch you all are – not just Negi-kun, but all of you. Almost makes the day-to-day tedium of the past ten years worth it." Then Ku:Nel jumped off the roof and disappeared, catching the surprise of Kotarou, Goten and Trunks.

"Wow! So cool," Goten said with sparkles in his eyes.

"Do you think we can trust him?" Kotarou asked the group.

"He doesn't seem like a bad guy to me," Goku said with his usual Son grin. "What do you think Vegeta?"

"Hmph, I don't take interest in weaklings," Vegeta said. With that, Vegeta jumped off the roof and floated down back to the tournament grounds.

Goku smiled. "Always the same, Vegeta," said the Saiyan. "What do you think Gohan?"

"I agree with you Dad about trusting Ku:Nel-san," Gohan replied. "We'll just have to wait and see what the promise is. I'm curious as to what it is though."

"Me too," Goku said, before his stomach let out a grumble. "But before we do anything else, we need to grab a bite to eat. I'm starving!"

Everyone let out a laugh as they all got off the roof and back to the tournament grounds. "The same as always Goku," Kuririn said.



* * *



Meanwhile, in the sewers…

Misora let out a sigh. "Why is this even happening to us?" She asked to no one in particular as she and Cocone were walking along the sewers. The bottom part of their clothes ripped to shreds. Earlier, the 'Takahata-sensei rescue team' had encountered some unexpected company which were robots. Robots, to say the least, whose main weapon was a laser that took off the clothes of their victims. Pretty ecchi for a machine, don't you think.

"Karma…for running," replied Cocone as the two nuns continued walking along a bridge.

"Ugh! This bridge never ends – the chasm is endless," Misora complained. "We can't still be under the school!"

"Must be ruins of ancient mages past," Cocone said but Misora ignored it. She just wanted to get out of here. She never wanted to be here in the first place. It was all Asuna's fault for dragging her along. She wanted to see Negi's and Gohan's fights and then maybe watch the rest of the tournament, not go and rescue a teacher that can take care of themselves.

As they continued to walk, Misora spotted something in the distance. "Hey look!" she yelled. "A door! We are saved!" When they finally reached them, the doors were pretty large for an entrance or exit in this case. "Wonder what these doors lead to?"

"Roots of the World-tree, maybe?" Cocone said.

Misora shook her head. "Let's hope not," she said. "I want to get out of here." Then she opened the door and using her artifact's power, she was able to open the door with ease. However, when she opened it, she came face to face with a legion of those same robots with the sunglasses staring at her. Cocone and Misora got themselves in fighting position to defend against a potential attack but it never came! They all seemed to be inactive and just standing. "Did Chao from our class make all of them?" Misora asked to no one in particular as she and Cocone looked around the room. "She's not even a magic-user," Misora said. "What the heck is she?"

"Mi…Misora!" yelled Cocone.

Misora jerked. Something bad must have happened. "Cocone! You yelled! You never yell!" Misora came as quickly as possible only to see Cocone being held hostage by someone. To be honest, there were two people. Misora grabbed her cross and positioned herself in an offensive fighting pose. "Wh-Who are you?" questioned Misora, taken aback by the massive size of the person holding Cocone. He wore a black body suit on top of his skin. On top of his chest, he wore a large vest that had a black semi-circle in the middle. He wore two arm braces and his boots had a black-tip at the end, all of them in green. He also had an orange haired mohawk.

"Why hello there?" spoke the other person. This person wore a short sleeve black shirt with a logo, and underneath the shirt, there was a long sleeve white shirt. Around the neck, he wore an orange bandanna. For pants, he had blue jeans that had a tear just above the knee of the left leg. He also wore a belt to hold up his jean and just below it; he wore another one with a gun holster and another pouch. He had green socks and blue and white shoes. He had shoulder-length black hair and blue eyes that Misora knew weren't normal. "Have you come here to play?"



* * *



Author's note: Hey everybody! First off, I want to apologize for the long chapter. I would usually separate it into two but I want to move on ahead. So many things that I have planned out for this series that I want to share with you guys. It's awesome. Simple as that.

Hope you guys enjoyed the chapters especially the parts on Piccolo deciding to train Kotarou instead of Kaede. I always intended to do that. There were hints in the previous chapters of that actually happening. Also, if you guys do not know who these two 'mysterious' characters I have introduced at the end of the chapter, you should read or watch Dragon Ball Z again. These two characters have been planned from the beginning. Actually, since the Hildegarn arc. If you remember it, good for you! If not, shame on you!

READ AND REVIEW! Love hearing from you guys. It gives me energy and who knows, I may return to my weekly update if you guys send lots of review. Just saying is all. Well, till next time. See you around! Peace!





*Chapter 31*: The Power of the Kaioken!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. See chapter one for details.

Author's note: Hey everybody! How is it going? Everything is going well for me, except that it keeps snowing nonstop. I like the snow but the only problem here in Japan is that they don't clean the roads or the sidewalks very well! Very dangerous for me and everyone! Black ice is very prominent in my area and it makes it hard to walk around. And no, schools are not cancelled because of the snow. The kids just simply don't show up that's all. Actually very few kids show up which kind is annoying because they are quiet types.

Anyways, I am really glad that a lot of people liked the previous chapter especially on the part where Piccolo is going to train Kotarou. I actually had that planned for a while now because I have an image of Kotarou dressed up in similar clothes as Piccolo's. And to answer some reviewers questions, yes I am taking this story through the Mundus Magica Arc (Magic World) and beyond although there will be a few big surprises here and there. It's going to be a lot of fun! Hehehehe.

Also, a few people have been asking who is in Gohan's harem? Here is the list so far:

Asuna, Konoka, Setsuna, Evangeline, Yuna, Ku Fei, Chizuru, Kazumi, Kaede, Haruna, Misa, Shiina, Takane and maybe Mei. Still haven't decided on her just yet.

Hope that answers that question.

I want to thank theprincedonte for beta-reading this chapter! He was extremely helpful in certain parts. So now let me present to you Chapter 31 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 31: The Mahora Class 3-A Girls battle! The Power of the Kaio-ken!

"That was a great match wasn't it folks?" Kazumi shouted in the mike as the crowd roared with cheer in agreement. "Now, before we start the next set of matches, please allow our crew to fix a few nicks on the stage for a few minutes. Your understanding is appreciated." A crew appeared onto the stage and got it ready for the next set of matches as the last match's highlights were shown on the screen above the stage.

Negi, who had walked off earlier, stared at the screen, stared at the empty space of the sky, remembering the battle as it played out again in his head. His mouth turned into a small smile as he knew that in the next round he would face against Ku:Nel Sanders and finally be able to figure it out once and for all if he really is his father. Negi continued to be in deep thought when he suddenly heard a voice from the distance. "Negi-san!" The boy teacher turned around to see a few figures walking towards him. It was Gohan and his friends!

"Gohan-san!" yelled Negi as he stood up and ran up to the approaching demi-saiyan. "Did you see the match?" he asked when he finally reached the demi-saiyan and his friends.

"Yeah I did," Gohan said as he patted Negi's head. "You did very well Negi-san. I'm very proud of you."

"Thank you Gohan-san," Negi replied a slight blush on his face.

"That was a great match Negi," Goku said as he stood in front of the boy teacher. "I'm amazed at your skill level Negi. If you had told me that you would do so well in such a short time, I wouldn't have believed it. Nice work Negi."

"Thank you Goku-san," Negi responded. "It is all thanks to Gohan-san, Master, Ku-roshi and everyone else that have brought me this far. I'm in debt to you." Negi bowed before Goku and the others which drew a slight blush on their faces.

"No problem Negi," Goku said with his usual Son grin on his face. "Still, I didn't know that you could the Kamehame-Ha. That was amazing! Gohan told us that you learned it by yourself. Is that true?"

"Yeah is that true Negi-kun?" Goten asked.

Negi nodded. "Yeah," the boy teacher said. "I saw Gohan-san do it so many times that I wanted to try it out for myself. I have been practicing ever since." Still, the Kamehame-Ha that I sent to Piccolo-san felt strange, Negi said to himself. It felt like I was combining a bit of magical power with Ki. I need to work on that.

Gohan smiled once he noticed the look on Negi's face. He is starting to notice it then, Gohan said to himself. The next time we train, I am going to help him achieve and master the Kanka technique. "Hey brat," Vegeta spoke up causing both Negi and Gohan to look up.

"Yes?" Both of them responded.

"Not you Kakabrat," Vegeta said to Gohan. "I'm speaking to the boy here."

"What is it Vegeta-san?" Negi asked.

"I want to just to let you know that the Namekian went easy on you," Vegeta said. "Don't get too conceited that you beat him. If Piccolo had started out in full power mode, he would have annihilated you in an instance."

"I know Vegeta-san," Negi replied. "I remember what Gohan-san told me before. There is always a stronger fighter out there. I just have to take this match as a stepping stone to something greater."

Vegeta let out an unusual smile that caught everyone a bit by surprise. "Spoken like a true warrior," Vegeta said as he started to walk away from the group and back to the seating area.

Kuririn blinked a few times, wondering if what they heard from Vegeta was real or not. "Did Vegeta just say a compliment to someone?" the former monk asked.

"I think he did Kuririn-san," Gohan responded, unsure if what he heard was true as well. The demi-saiyan let out a smile, happy to see Negi's hard work being recognized, especially by someone like Vegeta. Gohan was about to talk some more with Negi and the others until they all heard a bell chime sound in the speakers surrounding the temple. Kazumi then went on to say that the next match was going to proceed next. It was time for Gohan to get going. "Well, wish me luck everyone," the demi-saiyan.

"Good luck Gohan-san," Negi said. "But that reminds me, I should also say something to Setsuna-san. I'll meet up with you all later." With that, Negi left the group and went on a search for the missing swordswoman.

Gohan let out a smile, happy to see that Negi was considerate of everyone, especially his friends and students. The demi-saiyan felt a pat on his shoulder, causing him to turn his head a bit to see his father with his usual Son grin on his face. "You don't have to have me tell you good luck do you now Gohan?" asked the Saiyan.

Gohan chuckled. "I don't think so Dad," replied the demi-saiyan.

"Be careful out there Gohan," Goku said. Gohan nodded in agreement, knowing full well what Goku was getting at. He wasn't going to allow himself by distracted again a second time during a match after what happened earlier with the match against Eva. Goten and Trunks then wished the older demi-saiyan and so did Kuririn as Gohan walked towards the stage. On the way there, he noticed a familiar figure waiting for him with his turban and white cape. It was Piccolo! The two of them looked at each other momentarily. No words were needed especially after the bond that they had created during their training for the arrival of the Saiyans all those years ago said everything for them. Gohan knew what he had to do. Piccolo wasn't his sensei anymore. The demi-saiyan was going to have to do this alone.

Once Gohan got out of the tunnel, he was greeted with a loud roar from the crowd and as well as Kazumi. "And here he is! The assistant to the crowd favorite Challenger Negi Springfield and heart-warmer to the girls, Challenger Son Gohan!" The crowd went wild with cheer as Gohan blushed ever so slightly at the introduction. He scratched the back of his head as he waved at the cheers and the crowd. As he walked up to the stage, he didn't notice Setsuna on the stage at all. Where could she be?



* * *



Meanwhile…

Setsuna was sitting down quietly in front of the building that housed the infirmary. She was contemplating in whether or not to forfeit her match against Gohan in order to help out Asuna and the others in rescuing Takamichi. That was one side of the argument that was going on in her head but on the other hand; a match against Gohan could provide a good opportunity for her. It was her and the demi-saiyan, all alone on the arena floor. She remembered once during her training at the Shinmei-ryū that when two fighters exchange fists, they are able to express their true feelings with each other. This could provide a good opportunity for her to express her true feelings for the demi-saiyan before anyone else did. She knew that Konoka and Asuna (even if she didn't say them out loud) had romantic feelings for Gohan and she also knew that there were other girls in their class that had feelings as well. Maybe she could get ahead of them if she confessed her feelings or maybe even…kiss?

Setsuna shook her head. It was tournament, a Budokai! Not an ideal place for a confession especially when everyone was watching your every move. She would be too shy to say it out loud in front of everyone. And besides, they were near the World Tree which could affect Gohan's response. She didn't want that. She wanted him to answer to her confession truthfully, without any outside interference.

It was decided then! She was going to help out Asuna and the others even if they don't want it. She didn't want to fight against Gohan and accidentally confess to the demi-saiyan. Besides, something was lurking in the back of her mind. She started to feel an ominous aura coming from the sewers. Asuna and the others could be in trouble. She stood up and started to head where Asuna and the others were when suddenly she heard a voice from the distance. "Setsuna-san!"

The swordswoman turned around and saw the boy teacher, Negi Springfield, heading towards her. Was his match already over? Setsuna asked herself. She clenched her fists in frustration that she wasn't there to see the match herself. She was too busy contemplating on whether or not to help out Asuna. "Negi-sensei?" spoke up the swordswoman. "Is your match already over?"

The boy teacher nodded when he finally reached her. "Yeah," he replied with a smile on his face. "I won the match."

Setsuna's eyes widened. "H-How? Piccolo-san is very strong!" She said.

"I know," replied Negi. "But thanks to him, I know what I must do and who I must face." Setsuna noticed something differently about him. There was definitely a different aura surrounding than that before his match where he was all nervous. Piccolo-san must have done or said something to change Negi-sensei's attitude completely, Setsuna said to herself. "I'm impressed Negi-sensei. Good job. Now I need to get going. Goodbye."

Negi noticed the quickness of her response as well as the direction in which Setsuna was walking towards. "Ara? Where are you heading Setsuna-san?"

Setsuna jerked a bit. Crap! She said to herself. Asuna-san told me not to tell Negi-sensei or Gohan-sensei about what happened to Takahata-sensei. Otherwise, they would definitely leave the tournament to go and help out Asuna-san and the others. "Nowhere," the swordswoman lied. "I was walking around, contemplating in whether or not I should forfeit the match against Gohan-sensei."

"Why?" asked the boy teacher, shocked at her declaration.

"Well, I know that Gohan-sensei is strong, very strong," explained Setsuna. "I don't think that Gohan-sensei would see me as a worthy opponent."

"You don't know that," Negi said. "Maybe Vegeta-san would be like that, but definitely not Gohan-san."

"I appreciate what you are trying to say Negi-sensei," commented Setsuna. "But Gohan-sensei has faced against supernatural beings more powerful than anything I could have imagined. He even faced that monster Broli, the Legendary Super Saiyan, alone! I wouldn't have lasted 5 seconds against that freak." Setsuna let out a sigh. "Let's face it Negi-sensei, we will never reach the level of Gohan-sensei and his friends."

"I know what you mean Setsuna-san," Negi said, surprising the swordswoman. "Before I met Gohan-san, I never would have thought that such powerful people ever existed. It has turned my world upside down. In the beginning before I started to do my training with Ku-roshi and Master, I thought to myself of whether or not I should even try to improve myself when we have Gohan-san around us," explained the boy teacher. "But then I remembered something that Gohan once told me during the Kyoto trip."



* * *



Flashback, towards the end of the Kyoto trip…

Negi was looking at the picture that contained his father, Nagi Springfield, and his comrades. He let out a sigh. "I guess I'll never reach you father," he said to no one in particular. "I'm never going to be strong as you."

"What makes you say that Negi-san?" asked a voice. Negi turned around and saw Gohan leaning against the wall with his usual Son grin.

"Gohan-san, what are you doing here?" replied the boy teacher.

"Looking for you actually," responded the demi-saiyan, "I wanted to see if you were all right, after all we have been through in rescuing Konoka-san and facing against those demons." Then Gohan noticed a look on Negi's face that got him a bit worried. "Negi-san, what's wrong?"

"Am I strong?"

"Huh?"

"Am I strong Gohan-san?" the boy teacher repeated again. "I wonder if I should even try to get stronger. After all, I have you to help us out when there is trouble."

Gohan's smile turned sour once he heard Negi's comment. "Negi-san, please don't think like that," responded the demi-saiyan.

"Why not Gohan-san, you are strong, very strong! Possibly the strongest out there!" Negi commented.

"No I'm not," Gohan immediately responded. "Trust me Negi-san; there is always a stronger fighter somewhere out there."

"Then why even train when you know there is someone somewhere out there is stronger than you?" asked Negi.

"Because I want the power to protect my friends," Gohan replied. "I felt the same way you do now before when I was younger. I was always believed that my father was strongest out there and could protect everyone. However, there were opponents that even he couldn't defeat by himself. That is why I trained, so I wouldn't be a nuisance and I would be of some use to him and others." Gohan's mouth turned into a smile as he reminisced a bit of his past. "I trained my butt off so when the time came, I would help out my father and protect my friends."

"I see," Negi said. He then felt a pat on his shoulder with Gohan's face in front of his.

"We are all weak Negi-san," Gohan said. "That is why we become stronger so we can better protect those precious around us. If someone is causing harm to you or to others, you would fight against them until your last breath. I'm sure you would agree with that especially when you knew that you weren't match for Fate but you still fought him in order to save Konoka-san." Negi 's eyes widened a bit upon that realization. "But the choice is yours if you want to train or not. But remember that, if you want to seek out power and strength, do it for the right reasons, not so you brag about it to others."

And with that, Gohan left the boy teacher to himself in the room as the demi-saiyan exited. Negi began to process what Gohan said to him. Then that image of the village attack of six years ago popped into his head. I'm sure Gohan-san had an event like that that changed him, Negi said to himself. I am weak but that just means that I have to train to get stronger so that…that event would never happen again to me or to anyone. I will get stronger. I will help out Gohan-san and reach his level someday!

End of flashback



* * *



"Back then I thought I knew what Gohan-san was talking about," Negi said. "But after being with him and his friends, I realized that they weren't strong to begin with. They trained in order to become strong. They wanted to protect something precious to them. The thought of someone that is stronger out there is baffling but it is true. If Gohan-san didn't continue to train, he wouldn't have been able to face against the Legendary Super Saiyan at all like he did."

"You're right Negi-sensei," Setsuna commented.

"Setsuna-san, take this as an opportunity to know where you are at and where you should be," Negi said with a determined look on his face that surprised the swordswoman a bit. "Gohan-san is willing to fight you. Are you?"

Setsuna contemplated her answer to that question, before it struck her. She truly did have feelings for Gohan, in which she really did, then she would do all she could to protect him. She needed to get stronger and to do that she needed to see what level she was at when fighting someone of Gohan's caliber. She let out a smile that caught the boy teacher by surprise a bit. "Negi-sensei, you are right," the swordswoman said. "I will go fight Gohan-sensei."

"That's the spirit," Negi said with a happy face before seeing Setsuna's face up close. Then he felt a pat on his head from Setsuna's hand. "S-Setsuna-san?"

"You have grown up Negi-sensei," Setsuna said with a smile. "I'm happy that Gohan-sensei came into our lives."

Negi nodded in agreement. "Yeah, me too."

Setsuna stood up and headed towards the arena. "I should get going," she said. "Don't want our assistant teacher to wait any longer."

"Yeah," Negi said. "Setsuna-san good luck!" Setsuna gave the boy teacher thumbs up and started to run towards the arena, hoping that she wasn't too late for the match to start.



* * *



Back at the arena…

Gohan continued to stand in his corner as he waited for Setsuna to arrive while Kazumi, in order to delay the start of the match for a few more seconds so as to allow Setsuna to arrive on time, kept on introducing the young demi-saiyan. "Challenger Son Gohan has faced numerous challenges in his life. Some say that he may be the strongest in this whole tournament. And while he is assistant teacher to Challenger Negi Springfield, this young man might have to face our crowd favorite in the finals. Why, wouldn't that be a match to see right?" Then Kazumi put her hand on her ear as if something was coming but in fact it was Saya just telling her that Setsuna had finally arrived. "Wait a minute folks! I just word that Challenger Setsuna is coming out of the tunnel right now! And there she is!" The crowd went loud with cheer, though not as loud as Gohan's entrance. The swordswoman remained stoic as she walked on the pathway and towards the arena stage.

The two warriors stared at each other as Setsuna arrived on her corner. Gohan let out a smile. "For a second there, I thought you weren't going to come and fight me Setsuna-san," spoke the demi-saiyan.

"So did I but," Setsuna said, "thanks to someone dear to me, I finally found the courage to fight against you Gohan-sensei."

"Oh," Gohan said. "May I ask who this person is?"

Setsuna smiled. "A good friend," she said. "But now is not the time to chat Gohan-sensei, we have to match to fight." Setsuna got herself positioned in a Shinmei-ryū fighting style stance.

"You are right Setsuna-san," Gohan said as he positioned himself in his usual fighting stance. "Let's have an enjoyable match."

Setsuna nodded. "Right sensei," she said. "I will be coming at you at full power." Gohan nodded. He would try to do the same as well, but not without some holding back. Otherwise, it would be a clear disadvantage for Setsuna. He wanted her to have a fair chance in this fight. However, he wasn't going to be like Gotenks was during his battle against Kaede that's for sure.

Kazumi lifted her hand up. "Alright fighters! Let match no. 11 begin!" And with that, the battle had begun. Setsuna launched herself forward as she launched her attack on the demi-saiyan. Setsuna tested him, backing away and blocking his jab, punch, uppercut, right roundhouse kick combination before returning it with her own attacks.

The two of them circled each other on the ring, engaging in that fierce battle. Leaping into the air, Setsuna charged up an attack aimed at Gohan's head. "Shinmei-ryū Secret technique: ZANGANKEN!" The attack was good, only if Gohan didn't dodge the attack as he ducked and sent a left, drop side kick up at her stomach. The swordswoman grabbed his foot and used it to push off and spin through the air. Landing lightly, the girl shot at her opponent again and sent a right straight slash at him with her broom. Gohan avoided the attack as he back flipped, performing seven flips before landing. Both of them let out a small grin at each other, not having broken a sweat with that fluent exchange of attacks. Then, after a moment of staring, they shot at each other and once more locked horns, flurries of attacks coming from both of them.

The crowd was in awe at the spectacle. The girls weren't sure on who to cheer for. Should they cheer on their assistant teacher or their classmate? Konoka was faced with this dilemma the hardest. She wanted to cheer on the object of her affections but at the same time she wanted to cheer on Setsuna, a person who had been her childhood friend. What was she going to do?

The battle continued and continued as the two fighters exchanged blows with each other. Every strike was producing small shockwaves that could be felt in the arena. The water surrounding the stage was producing small waves that crashed with the pillars of the arena. This match was getting exciting for everyone including the fighters themselves as they pushed from each other and started at each other once more. Setsuna had a grin on her face but Gohan's grin had disappeared. He felt something weird was going on with Setsuna as the two clashed once more.

Both Setsuna and Gohan leapt and jumped from point to point, throwing attacks at each other and wowing the crowd at their ferocity. They were giving a damn good show! Leaping into the air, Gohan flipped and sent a drive axe kick down onto his opponent, only for Setsuna to cartwheel out of the way. The attack struck concrete. Gohan cursed at himself as he left himself wide open as Setsuna called upon another attack. "Shinmei-ryū secret technique: HYAKURETSU OKAZAN!" She drew a circle with her sword, hitting Gohan as he flew up in mid-air. Setsuna followed up the attack with one powerful attack. "Shinmei-ryū secret technique: MESSATSU ZANKUU ZANMASEN!" A giant ki ball appeared at the end of her broom and launched towards Gohan's position.

Gohan opened one of his eyes to only see a giant ki ball head towards him. He flipped in mid-air, skidded across the stage and held his hands up. He blocked the attack from hitting him directly but the attack still went off with an explosion that covered the stage. Rocks and debris floated the stage, causing the crowd and Kazumi to cover themselves. Once the debris died down, Kazumi commented in her mike on the match. "I-Incredible! Freaking incredible! Challenger Setsuna has come out strong and on the offensive against her opponent. Will Challenger Gohan be able to get up after those series of attacks? Let me start the count!"

Setsuna walked over to the crater that was formed, stoic in her expression. "You can quit pretending Gohan-sensei," she said. "I know that you didn't take damage from that attack." Suddenly she felt a tug in the air. She turned around, her broom in front of her to shield her from any attack and it did as Gohan had come in, trying to land a punch on Setsuna.

The crowd gaped at the sight! Where the hell did Gohan appear from? As the crowd tried to figure out the answer to that question, Gohan stared at the swordswoman with his hand being held by Setsuna's broom. "You're right," spoke the demi-saiyan. "How about then we skip the warm-ups then?"

"Eh?" Setsuna sounded, surprised by Gohan's comment. But because of that, she momentarily let go of her broom which allowed Gohan to get free and launch his attack. Gohan went on the attack as he sent out a high right kick to Setsuna's face, then an upwards left kick that launched her up in the sky. Gohan quickly followed pursuit as he landed a punch on Setsuna's chest then an elbow strike to the face and then a roundhouse kick. And then another kick was given to Setsuna that sent the swordswoman flying across the arena. Gohan disappeared and then reappeared quickly above Setsuna's position as he laid out a forearm attack on the swordswoman. Setsuna was sent flying to the ground as she landed on all fours. She quickly stood up and looked around for the demi-saiyan.

Then suddenly she felt a tug in the air and she definitely knew. Gohan was right behind her with his back against hers. "You haven't used your full power yet Setsuna-san," Gohan commented. Setsuna clenched her broom as she did a swipe attack on the demi-saiyan, only for him to avoid the swipe and grab the broom. "What's wrong?"

"Nothing is wrong," Setsuna replied. "I have been using my full strength."

Gohan shook his head. "This isn't it," Gohan said. "The display that you showed earlier in the match with Asuna-san…is what you are showing now. There is a lot of doubt in your heart."

Setsuna flung her eyes wide open. "Wh-What?" she asked but because her lack of concentration, Gohan took advantage and did a judo move as he threw the swordswoman onto the floor, causing the ground to shatter a bit. Setsuna spit out some bile.

"What's wrong?" Gohan said stoically. "Weren't you going to come at me with full power?" Setsuna growled as she stood up and launched another attack. "ZANKUSHO-SAN!" She sent a series of ki bullets from her broom towards the demi-saiyan, but sadly Gohan deflected all of them with ease. The expression on his face still remained stoic. "Don't tell me this is all you have?"

Setsuna clenched her teeth in frustration. "No it isn't Gohan-sensei," she said. "I am just getting started." Gohan let out a smile. Good, Gohan said to himself. Hate to do this Setsuna-san but it is for your own good. Man, it sucks to be the bad guy in these situations. I am sounding like Evangeline-san. That's probably not good.



* * *



Meanwhile…

Somewhere in MahoraFest, the Dark Mage vampire let out a loud sneeze as she was a playing a game in the arcade. She wondered who was talking about her, and she swore revenge on whoever it was. The cackles she gave scared the surrounding gamers.



* * *



Back at the arena…

Setsuna exhaled as she positioned herself. Maybe Gohan-sensei was right, Setsuna said to herself. Have I not been using my full strength? She dashed from her position and went on the attack. She lifted her broom and slashed at the demi-saiyan with a powerful attack. "ZANTETSUSEN!" The attack released the ki in a spiral fashion that caught Gohan a bit off guard. He tried to look where the attack would land. It didn't and then Gohan realized that it was a trap when he noticed Setsuna right in front of him. "ORO GENKKA!" It was ki-enhanced palm strike! Gohan cursed at himself for being distracted as he was hit directly in the chest.

Because of the amount of power behind the attack, Gohan flew in mid-air momentarily before spinning around and floating above the stage. He put his hands together above his head as he readied his attack. "MASENKO HAAA!" A large yellow ki beam came out and was sent towards Setsuna. Some of the girls gaped. It was one of Gohan's signature moves! Will Setsuna be okay?

Setsuna crouched down, broom pulled back as she readied her next attack. "Shinmei-ryū Decisive Battle Secret Technique: SHIN RAIKOUKEN!" Lightning energy was infused in the broom as she slashed at the approaching Masenko. The result was a large explosion that covered the entire stage. Everyone on the sidelines covered their eyes, including Setsuna, who didn't think that the collision of attacks would produce such an explosion. But because of her action, Gohan was able to get behind her and launch his offensive. Setsuna quickly turned around as she felt Gohan's presence right behind her. She slashed at the approaching demi-saiyan but as soon as she hit Gohan, he became a blurry image. Setsuna's eyes flung wide open! An afterimage! She said to herself and tried to locate Gohan. But it was too late.

Then, in a blink of an eye, he moved around behind her, knocking her broom out of her hand, catching both her arms in a lock and holding her there. Gohan remained stoic, while Setsuna fought and withered under his grip. Shutting her eyes and gritting her teeth, she tried with all her might to shake free of this, but was unable too. His grip was way too strong for her. Strangely enough, it didn't hurt at all. He really knew where to hold her where it didn't hurt. After a few more second of withering, her body began to tremble as the smoke disappeared revealing their position to the crowd.

"Oh! What's this new development? Challenger Gohan has managed to grab hold of Challenger Setsuna! What could he be planning?" Kazumi shouted in her mike with a hint of jealousy. The girls that had admiration for Gohan were tingling with jealousy as well. Setsuna was in a lucky spot according to their eyes but in fact it wasn't that great of a spot.

Setsuna kept trying to break free from Gohan's grip but at the same time wanted to stay at this spot. "Setsuna-san, what's wrong?" Gohan asked as he leaned close to the swordswoman's ear. "There is a lot of doubt in your fists. You seem to be pulling back your punches. Why?"

"I don't know what you mean Gohan-sensei," Setsuna replied back. "I have been using high-level Shinmei-ryū techniques against you. Isn't that enough for you?"

"True, but you know that those attacks can be much stronger," Gohan responded that caused the swordswoman to jerk a bit. "Every time that we have parried, you seem to be holding back. Do you not want to fight me or is it because of something else? Is this really the extent of your power?"

No I want to fight against you Gohan-sensei. Setsuna cursed at herself for her position. I got the courage to fight against you so why? What have I been doing wrong? She asked herself. Is this really the extent of my abilities? Maybe I was right. Gohan-sensei doesn't see me as a warrior. I'm a nobody in his eyes. Then suddenly, something flashed in her mind. An image popped in her head. It was during the fight against the Legendary Super Saiyan. Gohan was battered and beaten but still fought on against that monster. He got stronger when he heard everyone calling out to him and finally defeated Broli. That's right, Setsuna said to herself. Gohan-sensei had become strong in order to protect those precious around him. He hates fighting but when his friends or loved ones are threatened by evil forces, he will continue to fight on. And I will do the same because…I LOVE YOU GOHAN-SENSEI!

Setsuna's eyes turned into determined ones as she started to push off Gohan's grip. The demi-saiyan began to feel a surge in ki emanating from Setsuna as his grip was being broken by Setsuna's strength. Then, the swordswoman broke off from the demi-saiyan, causing Gohan to be pushed back a bit. He took a few steps backs as he began to see a whole new Setsuna that had now grabbed her broom once again. Gohan let out a smile. Something has definitely changed, Gohan said to himself. Setsuna-san's eyes look differently than before. They look like they are…at peace. Hope this is something good.

"Gohan-sensei," spoke the swordswoman, catching Gohan a bit off guard. "I'm sorry for not showing my potential to you. I have erased my doubts and now I will be going at full power."

"I'm glad Setsuna-san," replied the demi-saiyan. "And I will respond in kind."

Setsuna then launched at Gohan, causing the demi-saiyan to raise his arms for defensive protection against her slashes. As the two warriors continued to exchange blows with Setsuna now using Shundo against the assistant teacher, Setsuna couldn't help but smile. Gohan-sensei, she said to herself as she launched another ki attack from her broom. Before I met you, I was warrior who would not have any use of feelings such as happiness and love. But when you and Negi-sensei showed up in my life, you two showed the meaning of happiness that I thought to myself I could never have achieved alone. Setsuna launched one more ki attack at Gohan as he batted it away and came up front to Setsuna as the two parried blows with Setsuna using her broom and Gohan using his fists.

I have been able to have fun with the people in our class such as Ojou-sama and Asuna-san and it's all thanks to you two but more importantly to you Gohan-sensei, Setsuna said to herselfas she was hit hard by Gohan and falling towards the ground. She landed on all fours and immediately looked up to see Gohan's leg in kick. She was able to dodge at the last second as Gohan's kick crashed on the arena floor. You have taught me the value of friendship and what it means to protect those dear to you. You have given me strength that I didn't think was possible. And it was because of you that I finally know what I want to do. I love you Gohan-sensei and I want to protect and care for you for the rest of my life. I'm sorry that I couldn't express these feelings in front of you and the crowd right now especially with the World Tree right near us. But because I am able to say these feelings right now to myself, I have the confidence to be able to go ahead and train my butt off so I can stand by your side and help you as well as protect you from any harm. I love you Gohan-sensei.

"Gohan-sensei!" Setsuna called out as she and the demi-saiyan put some distance between each other. "Let's use our final attacks! Full power!" Setsuna clenched her fists as a white ki aura surrounded her, catching the audience by surprise as they were immediately reminded of Goku and Vegeta's fight.

Gohan smiled as an idea came to him once he saw the ki aura surrounding Setsuna appear. "I couldn't agree more." Gohan got himself in a horse stance. He clenched his fists as he called out his inner strength. "Setsuna-san, you may know this technique but after this festival is over, I am thinking of teaching it to you."

"Teach me what Gohan-sensei?" asked the swordswoman.

"This! KAIO-KEN!" Gohan let out a scream as the pebbles that were on the stage began to rise into the air. A red aura surrounded the demi-saiyan that caught the surprise of everyone in the crowd except the Z senshi and Negi. Everyone couldn't what they were seeing especially Chisame as she had stopped working on the computer and watched the match intensely. There was no way a normal human being was able to do that! Who was Son Gohan? She asked herself.

Setsuna let out a small smile. "I see," Setsuna said as she readied herself. "Thank you for letting me know Gohan-sensei. I can't wait for it." Gohan got himself positioned in a usual position for this well-known technique. He bent his knees and cupped his hands together with his red blazing aura expanding a bit.

"What is going on? Is this the final attack?" Kazumi shouted in her mike as the two warriors prepared their attacks as they spoke out loud together. "With only a few minutes left, have our challengers decided to end the match with one final attack?"

"KAAAaaaaaa…."

"Shinmei-ryū…"

"MEEEEEeeeee…."

"Secret Technique…"

"HAAAAaaaaa…."

"KYOKUDAI…."

"MEEEEEeeee…."

Then the two launched their attacks together at the same time.

"RAIMEIKEN!"

"HAAAA!"

The attacks collided with each other, causing a huge explosion that covered the entire shrine. Rocks, dirt and pebbles were thrown out from the center as everyone covered their eyes. Some were even hanging on for dear life at the explosion had caused strong winds as well. Kazumi grabbed to the nearest thing that she hang onto. Some people were screaming as the winds didn't seem to end until a few seconds later, the smoke began to dissipate.

As the smoke began to clear up the stage, the crowd noticed something differently. There were two figures all right but one was on the floor and the other standing. Who was which? The crowd was able to answer that question when the smoke finally disappeared to reveal Setsuna on the ground and Gohan standing up. Kazumi collected herself as she got up and saw the position of the two fighters. "A-Amazing! What an amazing display of power and strength! It seems that Challenger Setsuna is on the ground while Challenger Gohan is standing up. Let's start the count…1…2…"

Gohan smiled as he bent over to Setsuna. "Incredible Setsuna-san," the demi-saiyan said. "This time, your strike had no doubts in it."

"It was thanks to you Gohan-sensei," Setsuna said with a smile on her face.

"Huh?" Gohan blinked a few times, curious as to what she meant by that.

"It seems like I have to do some extensive training in order to help you," Setsuna said before Kazumi signaled the end of the match as she had reached to 10. Gohan was the winner! A crew came over to the stage with a stretcher as they placed the swordswoman on it and took her to the infirmary. Setsuna let out a smile. "Thank you…Son Gohan…kun," she muttered before she was taken to the infirmary.



* * *



Meanwhile…

Underneath the shrine, a large screen was displayed in the room, illuminating a bit in a way that revealed the massive amount of computers that were in the room. There were two people in the room that were in front of the screen. One of them, who were Hakase, was typing away at the computer as several things appeared on the screen and the other was staring at the large screen with a small grin on her face. Hakase kept on typing away at the computer since someone had been taking down all the posts that she had posted up earlier until she noticed something go off in another computer screen. This needed attention. She needed to get Chao here. Meanwhile, in another room, Chao looked at the screen as the last match's highlights were being shown. "That was a great match Gohan-kun," Chao said. "Please show us more of your Saiyan powers."

"If Gohan-kun and the others knew about this, they wouldn't have revealed so much to the crowd," spoke a voice behind Chao. Chao turned around, her expression never changing as she walked towards the voice.

"I don't believe so, especially on how the eighth match was done with Goku-san versus Vegeta-san," Chao said as she went towards the holding area that contained Takamichi and chibi-Setsuna. "Vegeta-san would definitely not hold back. He is not the sort of person to do that. Don't you think so Takahata-sensei?"

"I wouldn't know about that," Takamichi said.

"Regardless, everything is going to plan," Chao said.

"We have a problem," Hakase said as she came into the holding cell room.

Chao walked towards the door and looked back at Takamichi one last time. "Be sure to enjoy the rest of the Budokai from in there Takahata-sensei." Then Chao closed the door behind her and walked with Hakase towards the computer room. "What is it?"

"Someone got into the warehouse down below and saw all the machines," Hakase said as they entered the room.

"It doesn't matter," Chao said calmly. "Someone was bound to find them especially when they are bringing a rescue party for Takahata-sensei."

"That wasn't the issue though," Hakase said.

Chao's smile went away once she immediately detected the tone of voice that Hakase was using. "What do you mean?"

"Those two have been activated."

Chao's eyes widened. "What?" she said. "How can that be? I never told you to activate them Hakase."

"I didn't," Hakase said. "I don't who did."

"It was me," spoke the other person in the room. His face was still covered by the cloak and the near complete darkness in the room. However, his monkey tail could still be seen wagging around as well as the red glint that was shining from the mysterious man's face due to the light of the TV screen. "I activated those two."

"Why may I ask?" Chao asked with a serious tone in her voice. "I never told you or anyone to activate them. I was going to use them for later."

The mysterious man simply laughed when he saw that Chao trying to send some killing intent at him as he brushed it off like it was nothing. "I don't need your permission to activate them," he said. "As I recall, you wouldn't have been able to construct them in time for your plan without my resources after your friend had recovered the blueprints when she went to Metro West. In a way, that makes them mine. Besides, it was part of our arrangement, don't you remember?"

"Of course I do," Chao said, clenching her fists.

The mysterious man chuckled. "Good," he said. "I hate to see you and everyone killed because you had forgotten about some details. I need them to be moving around and in perfect fighting condition for when the time comes." The mysterious man started to walk out the door, catching Chao's attention.

"Where do you think you're going?" Chao asked.

"Outside," the mysterious man replied. "I don't need your permission for that as well, do I?"

Chao was about to retort something back at him, but she immediately sensed some massive killing intent coming from the mysterious man. A nervous sweat ran down the side of her face as she gave up the fight. "No you don't," Chao said in defeat.

"Good," the mysterious man said as he left the room and into the hallway. The room was quiet once the door was shut.

Hakase immediately went to Chao's side. But before she could say anything, Chao spoke up. "I know what you are going to say Hakase but we can't do anything about it," she said.

"I know but why he has got to be so mean to us?" Hakase asked. "Can't we simply just cut our losses and leave him?"

"It's not that easy," Chao said as she continued to stare at the TV screen in the room. "If it wasn't for my plans, I wouldn't have sought him out. However, his resources and skills, combined with my own, are necessary for my plan to succeed. But don't worry Hakase, I have an ace up my sleeve," Chao said as she look at large screen one last time, specifically at one demi-saiyan named Son Gohan.



* * *



A few minutes later…

Gohan walked along the corridors of the shrine as he headed over to where his friends were. However, he decided to do a little detour in order to look for Asuna and some of the other girls such as Takane and Mei. I thought they would have seen the matches, but everywhere I looked, I can't seem to find them, Gohan said to himself. As he was walking around, he accidentally ran into someone. Gohan immediately bowed in apology. "I'm very sorry," he said. "I didn't look where I was going and I…" Gohan trailed before he recognized the figure that he ran into. "Kaede-san?"

"Gohan-kun," said the Mahora ninja. "What a pleasant surprise de-gozarou."

"It sure is," Gohan said. There was a bit of an awkward silence between the two, with blushes on their faces. This happened for a seconds until finally Gohan spoke up, breaking the silence between the two warriors. "So…you are heading to the arena?"

"Why of course Gohan-kun," Kaede said with a smile on her face. "My match is next de-gozarou."

"Right, I almost forgot hahaha," Gohan nervously chuckled. Of course you baka, Gohan said to himself. She is facing against Dad. I hope everything will go alright.

Kaede chuckled at Gohan's expression. "It's alright de-gozarou. But you seem nervous Gohan-kun. Is everything alright?"

Gohan flinched as he wailed his hands. "N-Nothing is wrong Kaede-san," he said. "I was just thinking to myself about your upcoming match with my Dad and how that is going to fare out."

Kaede smiled. "I'm sure it will be a great match," she said. "I know that your father is very strong, especially after watching that match with against Vegeta. I likely won't win."

"Don't say that Kaede-san," Gohan said. "In a battle, strength isn't the only deciding factor. Strategy is also important as well, like Piccolo-san always told me."

Kaede nodded in agreement. She knew that she was no match against Goku in terms of strength. But there are other ways to win a match like this that don't involve pure brute power. Like in her match earlier against Gotenks, she had used the fused demi-saiyan warrior's cockiness against him. This time though, it would different. Regardless, she was going to do her best in order to see what level she was at and how much training she would need in order to help and protect Gohan and the others. "You have a great sensei Gohan-kun," spoke the Mahora ninja. "I heard that Piccolo-san is going to train Kotarou after the festival is over de-gozarou."

Gohan blinked a few times. "Y-Yeah, how did you know?" asked the demi-saiyan. Kaede simply just smiled as she continued to walk towards the arena. "K-Kaede-san?" Gohan asked once more. He was about to continue to ask again but noticed that Kaede was already getting in her fighting mode. He definitely didn't want to disturb her. "Good luck Kaede-san."

Kaede let out a bigger smile with a small blush on her face. Thank you Gohan-kun, Kaede said to herself. I hope, after this match, that you would train with me. I need to get strong in order to protect those precious to me…like you Gohan-kun.



* * *



Back at the arena…

"Thank you all folks for waiting! The final match of the quarter finals is about to begin!" shouted Kazumi in the mike as the crowd in the shrine went wild with cheer. "In this match, we have the amazing Challenger Kaede, our own Mahora ninja-in-training! As you recall, she had shown what she was capable of when she battled against Challenger Gotenks. And here she is!" Kazumi signaled to the entrance to which Kaede came through. Her face contained her usual expression of her eyes closed and a smile. Well, a grin to be exact. She was excited for this match. And she wasn't the only one.

Her opponent, the spiky-haired Saiyan was as well as he came onto the stage. "And right on cue, we have our other challenger, Son Goku! The father of the Challenger Son Gohan, Goku has shown in his earlier match against Challenger Vegeta why he is one of the favorites to win this Budokai (Vegeta scoffed at the comment). Always with a grin on his face, Goku has displayed incredible strength. What kind of match will this turn out to be I wonder?" The crowd did as well as the two warriors went to their respective corners.

Meanwhile, the girls that were on the roof noticed Goku for the first time. "Hey isn't that Gohan-sensei's father?" Madoka asked.

The girls leaned closer to the edge of the roof and realized that it was. "Yeah, you're right!" Yuna said. "I wonder what he is doing here though."

"Probably here to fight as everyone else is," Misa said. "I wonder how strong he is. I mean we saw the highlights of his match but he couldn't be stronger than Negi-kun right?"

Ayaka trembled at the comment. "Of course he isn't! No one is stronger than Negi-sensei!" Ayaka screamed with a blush on her face while Misa sweat-dropped at the Class Representative's antics.

"Yeah that's right!" Fuka said.

"He doesn't stand a chance against Kaede!" Fumika continued.

Yuna sweat-dropped. "I hope you are right," she said.

Back at the arena floor, Kaede and Goku stared at each other. Then within a second, Goku made a move. Kaede flinched and positioned herself in a fighting position, thinking that the Saiyan was going to attack her. However, he didn't as Goku went into his usual stretches before a big match or battle. "You seem a bit tense," Goku commented, noticing the tension surrounding the Mahora ninja.

"You noticed it then," Kaede said as she relaxed herself.

"Of course," Goku said as he stretches out his arms. "I have been fighting for a long time, but you shouldn't be nervous. This match is going to be fun." His face drew the biggest grin as he said that. When he finally finished his stretches, he got himself in his usual fighting stance.

"I agree," Kaede said as she positioned herself in a fighting stance. The air around grew silent as everyone stood in anticipation over the match. They knew that Goku was strong after what he had displayed for them during his match against Vegeta. But Kaede was strong as well, especially when she beat someone like Gotenks who had transformed into a Super Saiyan like Goku and Vegeta.

The Z senshi went on the railing with Kuririn, Trunks and Goten cheering on Goku. Negi was unsure on who he should cheer on so he started to cheer for Kaede, which incidentally drew a look from Goten. The two of them got into a friendly verbal fight about who was going to in. Piccolo and Vegeta didn't join in the cheering and Gohan hadn't arrived just yet. "Okay everyone! Let's get started! Let Match no. 12 begin!" Kazumi shouted as she signaled for the fight to begin.

Then, on cue, Kaede charged. With a burst of power, she propelled herself across the ring at her opponent. She maintained her charged state, cranking her right fist back and holding her left forward. Eyes flashed as she charged at Goku, sights still locked onto him firmly. Then, when he was close enough, she struck out with a powerful straight punch. But suddenly, as her fist was an inch away, Goku's form blurred out and Kaede went straight through a transparent form of his opponent.

Shocked, the Mahora Ninja was unable to stop herself as she flew forward, going straight through the ghost. She didn't have to stop anyway, as the transparent form of Goku solidified and spun around, reaching out and grabbing Kaede's right foot with his left hand. Grasping it firmly, the Saiyan then leapt into the air and threw the Mahora Ninja forward, sending her hurling across the ring.

Immediately, Kaede pulled herself into an upright position and skidded across the ring fast. By digging her feet deep into the concrete surface, she was able to slow herself down, dust flying. Then she used Shundo, disappearing for a second. Then, appearing in front of his opponent, the Mahora Ninja sent a right punch at Goku, only for that to be blocked by a swift left arm. Kaede then threw a left hook, that blow blocked as well.

These attacks were followed up by a right uppercut, left punch, right punch, right hook, left hook, right roundhouse kick, left side kick, right knee, left hook and right punch. These attacks she threw had speed and ki-enhancements. But as it turns out, her attacks were seen as nothing as Goku easily blocked them all, whilst not moving from the same spot on which he stood. Frustrated a bit, Kaede pulled back and threw a powered up, straight punch, her fist suddenly getting caught in the Saiyan's grasp.

Goku then brought his left leg back and then drove it up into Kaede's face, knocking her back. The Mahora Ninja was easily staggered, the one-two blow sending bolts of pain shooting through her. Goku released her wrist, after which he leapt into the air and, spinning around quickly, sent a backwards right, side kick straight into Kaede's chest. The blow sent Kaede flying across the ring, where she landed 30 meters away, skidding on for another 15 before stopping altogether. Goku landed, eyes plastered on his downed opponent. He had left the crowds standing in silent shock. "Un-Unbelievable!" shouted Kazumi. "Goku has landed a devastating blow on our Mahora ninja! What will Challenger Kaede do now?"

Kaede, finally recovering from her brush with the Goku's strength and speed, staggered a bit to her feet. Shaking her head when she got to her feet, she wobbled a moment and then looked up at the Saiyan eyes narrowed. Goku-san is strong de-gozarou, Kaede said to herself. I am going to have to go all out if I want to win.

After a few more seconds of glaring, Kaede lowered her arm quickly and, with a burst of strength, charged at her opponent. Goku hurled at his attacker in kind. Right there, smack bang right above the center of the arena, the two warriors clashed elbows, a loud shockwave was ringing out. When the shockwave had dissipated, the two of them broke apart. Kaede back flipped and landed, easily skidding backwards along the ring's surface to a stop. Her opponent, however, went through a different approach. Goku back flipped through the air just as Kaede had done only this time correcting his position 3 stories above the ring. Goku had a grin on his face as he looked at the Mahora Ninja. Impressive, Goku said. Gohan was right. She is good. I guess I shouldn't hold back much during this fight.

The moment the Goku had corrected his stance, he flashed into super speed, followed soon enough by Kaede using Shundo. Within moments, the real fight was on. Shockwaves rang out at machine gun rates throughout the skies above the ring, the strength in these gales of force punching smaller craters into the ring and terrifying the crowds. The crowd found it difficult to keep track of both warriors, eyes whirling from left to right, tracing the air space hundreds of feet above ground. It was like watching Negi and Piccolo's match all over again.

The two fighters fought beyond the sights of the people because they were moving so fast. When they reappeared so suddenly after clashing in a battle for over two minutes, the two warriors struck out with the same elbow, colliding full on and unleashing a sheer force that ripped through the skies. They held their places with a grin on their faces, before the two of them zapped into super speed once more. More shockwaves coursed through the sky, both warriors continuing to attack each other no matter what! It was just then their fight soon came into full view.

Kaede appeared on the ground, landing on the tiles beneath his feet. As soon as she landed, she pulled both hands back and powered up her next attack, blue orbs of energy appearing in her palms. With a yell of effort, she threw them forward using various clones, unleashing an entire barrage of clones into the skies.

Just then, appearing in the center of the barrage, moving about to avoid the torrents of deadly clones, Goku appeared. The Saiyan weaved about before cupping his hands forward and holding them in front of him. With a loud yell, he unleashed a barrage of blue blasts of his own, these attacks meeting Kaede's clones and exploding, forming a cloud barrier between the two of them about 100 feet above the ring.

Kaede growled and lowered her arms, glaring up at the cloud of smoke. Just then, Goku burst through the clouds, just flying at basic, fast speeds. Yelling at the top of his lungs, he threw his right hand forward and unleashed an invisible blast of energy down at his opponent. Kaede was struck down by the shockwave, knocked backwards by the incredible force of the blast. Just then, the Saiyan flashed in front of Kaede, sending a left jab straight into her stomach. Kaede reeled forward in shock, gasping out in agony as she was knocked skidding backwards. Goku shot forward again just as Kaede stopped, the Mahora Ninja regaining her senses and sending a powerful punch at her approaching opponent. The Saiyan disappeared right before her very eyes. Kaede growled, also flashing into super speed using Shundo just as Goku appeared behind him, sending a right hook at her. Hitting nothing but air, the Saiyan warrior glared up, staring after his opponent for a moment before chasing after her.

More shockwaves occurred as the two of them chased each other, Goku driving on his assault and forcing Kaede back through the air. While still pushing Kaede up through the sky, the two fighters appeared, both of them locked in a powerful battle. The crowds watched as Goku hammered a continuous assault into Kaede's defenses, who tried retaliating as best she could. Her opponent however had the upper hand in this fight as he got first wind.

Just then, after Kaede pushed away from the Saiyan, she came back up with another punch, Goku chopping at his fist. Both attacks collided, unleashing a shockwave that shook a bit the sky. They both then threw their right knees at each other, these two attacks colliding with equal force to their previous attacks. It was just then, the two of them flashed into super speed again. No shockwaves occurred after they did so, only two blurs that whizzed around through the skies at lightning fast speeds. They crisscrossed every now and then, both fighters attempting to hit each other. The crowds were once again flabbergasted, unable to believe what they were seeing…or not seeing.

Goku appeared out of thin air above the ground, glaring up into the sky. Kaede appeared right beside him, sending a right punch at him. Goku flashed out of sight, appearing above Kaede and striking out with a left roundhouse kick. Kaede phased out as well due to it being a clone, the Mahora ninja appearing beneath Goku and striking out with a left hook. Goku phased out as well, appearing behind his opponent and striking out with a right elbow, only for Kaede to go 'poof' like before. His opponent reappeared above him, Kaede driving a jackhammer strike down at him. Goku flashed out of sight as well, Kaede hitting nothing but an after image. Both fighters quickly grew frustrated at this, and decided to bring up even more heat, increasing their strength and speed.

More shockwaves came down on the people. Just then, a golden bolt of lightning shot down towards the ring, striking it and punching a small crater into it. It was then realized that that bolt of lightning was actually Goku standing up from his kneeling position to full height. He glared off to his left, seeing Kaede appear hovering above the ring close to the edge. The Mahora Ninja let out a yell and threw her right hand forward, unleashing a barrage of golden ki blasts as well as a barrage of clones that she had conjured up. These attacks shot across the ring at Goku, who easily retaliated against this assault as he avoided the blasts and defeated the clones with ease.

Then, throwing his left hand forward, the Saiyan charged up an attack, a blue energy ball forming in his palm. He then extended his fingers and unleashed the attack. The Mahora Ninja disappeared, the attack instead striking the concrete surface of the ring and exploding. Kaede reappeared 20 meters in front of it, landing before shooting into super speed using Shundo again. Goku frowned his eyebrows, sights turning to his right. In a burst of light, Kaede appeared, pulling her left fist back and sending it at the Saiyan. Goku avoided it, both of them suddenly flashing into super speed again.

Another fight ensued them both, small shockwaves exploding through the air above the ring. Seconds into this new fight, both Goku and Kaede appeared above the ring, hammering away at each other with powerful, lightning fast combinations and attacks. They poured it on, only to stop after two particular strikes knocked them rebounding back. Yelling out loud, both of them threw a right hook at each other, arms striking each other and turning into elbow strikes. They both pushed against each other strongly.

The crowd was in awe and so were the girls. They didn't expect Kaede or even Goku to be this strong! Who were these people? They wondered. Seconds later, they both went into their furious assaults again, attacking each other with flurries of punches and kicks. They drifted through the air, locked in close quarter combat before breaking the brawl. Kaede kneed out at Goku, striking him clean in the face. Just then, Kaede powered up, and using her ki, she used Shundo and within that split second, she shot off across the ring towards the other side. Goku powered up as well after watching her fly off, pursuing her in similar fashion.

After a long, hard pursuit, Goku eventually caught up to Kaede with an axe hit that sent Kaede to the ground. Kaede landed on all fours as she panted for air a bit while Goku landed softly on the ground. The crowd went wild with cheer as they were seeing another great match. "You are very good," Goku said with a smile on his face. "Very good. If you trained some more, maybe we can have another match."

"What do you mean Goku-san?" asked the Mahora Ninja.

"Well, because of what happened in my last match, I decided to end this one quickly so I am going to use a technique that I haven't used in a while," Goku said as he got himself in a horse stance. One of Kaede's eyebrows widened at the curiosity. Is he going to transform into a Super Saiyan like Gotenks-bozu? Kaede asked herself. Suddenly the ground around Goku began to crack as some bolts of electricity appeared on the Saiyan. "KAIO-KEN!"

Goku suddenly powered up, a crimson aura exploding around him that caught the entire crowd by surprise! Everyone's eyes popped out at the sight! Who the hell were these guys? Gohan frowned his eyebrows a bit. Why is Dad showing that off? Gohan wondered to himself. He should know that Kaede-san is no match for the Kaio-ken. Then suddenly, the Saiyan charged. Careering through the air straight thru, Goku brought his right fist back, concentrating energy into it. There was a flash, as blue beams of light began shooting out of the spaces between his fingers, catching Kaede's eye. The Mahora Ninja averted her course a bit. Then with a push of effort, she shot up into the air a bit more before throwing her attack forward.

What was thought as a blast, turned out to be a scattered throw of blue, energy shards. The shattered attack rained down on Kaede, shocking the Mahora Ninja who was staring with wide eyes and a gaping mouth. As the shrapnel rain landed all around her, a series of fiery explosions took place. Orange and yellow fire light exploded into balls before taking shape into flames, the various small explosions erupting as one and consuming its target in a fiery hell. The crowds were shocked as well as Gohan as he screamed out Kaede's name. "KAEDE-SAN!"

He and Negi were about to go out there and see if Kaede was all right but was stopped when he felt a pat on his shoulder. He turned around to see Piccolo. "Gohan," the Namekian said sternly.

"Piccolo-san you have to let me go," Gohan said. "Kaede-san is in danger."

"That ninja girl is in no danger," Piccolo said, catching the demi-saiyan and boy teacher by surprise. "Son was careful when he attacked. Watch." Gohan and Negi turned their heads towards the spot as the explosion began to die out.

As the napalm like explosion died out, a figure suddenly burst out of it all charred, burnt and bruised. The battered Mahora Ninja landed outside of the blazing radius of fire, landing in a fighting stance and glaring furiously at the fire. Even though her body ached all over, she could still fight. As the fires before her died down, Goku made his attack. Flying through the fires and rising smoke, the Saiyan charged at his opponent, Kaede gasping and changing tactics on instinct as she saw the approaching the crimson blur. Throwing her left hand forward, the Mahora ninja fired off a golden ki blast at her target. It ripped through the air at break neck speeds, on route to hitting its target. Her opponent suddenly blurred out, the blast hitting nothing at first before landing on the ring and exploding. Kaede was bewildered as she began to look around for the Saiyan. Then suddenly, Goku appeared before Kaede. The Saiyan pulled his right fist back and threw it across the Kaede's face. Goku's attack went straight through to its target, hitting Kaede with full force of the Kaio-ken. The Mahora Ninja was sent flying across the rest of the ring, landing close to the edge of the ring.

Kaede growled as she got up, shutting her left eye as the strain on her increased. She knew she was at a loss since she had sacrificed too much energy throughout the match. And also, Goku's Kaio-ken had made it impossible to keep up. So why show it? She wondered. "I'm guess you are thinking of why I did that?" questioned the Saiyan, catching the Mahora Ninja by surprise. Kaede began to ponder on the possibilities. There were many different answers that she was coming up in her head. She couldn't think of anything at the moment. "I showed it to you so you can train on it," Goku finally said.

"Huh?"

"I think there will be a time in which Gohan will need all the help he can get," Goku said. "By knowing some of our techniques, you will be able to help out my son when the time comes."

"I see," Kaede said. "So this match was a test then?"

Goku smiled. "That's right," the Saiyan said. "And you passed with flying colors."

Kaede blinked a few times in curiosity. "What do you mean?" the Mahora Ninja asked.

"You have a firm grasp on your ki, especially when you kept on doing those clones thingy throughout the battle," commented Goku. "I'm impressed. I have a great feeling that you will become very strong in the future."

Kaede let out a smile. "You are truly a great warrior Goku-san," Kaede said. "No wonder Gohan-kun looks up to you so much." She then turned her head towards Kazumi, who was still shocked at the display that she just witnessed. "Announcer, I give up! This loss is mine."

"Ohh! Challenger Nagase throws the towel!" shouted Kazumi. "Challenger Son Goku's advancement into the semi-finals is now a given!"

"Aww," pouted Goku. "I thought we were going to fight some more. It was really getting exciting."

"Me too Goku-san," responded Kaede. "However, I doubt I could go on any longer with you. The world is wide and, in it, I've much training yet to do de-gozarou."

Goku let out a smile. "Then I look forward to that day," the Saiyan said as he put out his hand for a handshake. Kaede smiled and responded in kind as the two warriors shook hands. The crowd went wild with cheer. The girls of Class 3-A were a bit disappointed that one of their own didn't make it to the semi-finals but no matter. Their two senseis, Gohan and Negi were in semi-finals and one of them was bound to get to the finals. The question was…which one?



* * *



Author's note: YAY! Another chapter finished! Hope you guys enjoyed the battles and the declarations that our two maidens made about our demi-saiyan hero. At first I wasn't sure about how to do the battle between Gohan and Setsuna but I think this one will do justice to their potential relationship. Also, having Goku and Gohan show Setsuna and Kaede the Kaio-ken technique was done on purpose. There is going to be a lot of training ahead especially for the battles that I have planned during the Mundus Magica arc. I can't wait. It is going to be amazing!

READ AND REVIEW! I love hearing from everyone that reads this story including those who have put this story as a favorite! You don't know how much that means to me! See you guys around! Peace!





*Chapter 32*: Father vs Son Confrontations!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. See chapter 1 for details.

Author's note: Hey everybody! How was your week? Mine has been good. Parents have been observing the classes these past two weeks and so far, they like me and my lessons! Awesome! Oh by the way, what happened to all of my reviews? Where did everyone go? I want to hear from everyone, especially when I have decided that I am going back to my weekly updates! I have already gotten used to my work schedule as well as the times when I can continue to write. Anyways, I want to say thank you to skete007 for reviewing all of my chapters. Thank you!

I also want to thank theprincedonte for being my beta-reader for this chapter. I greatly appreciate his help! And everyone for sending great reviews like Gokai Entertainment! Keep them coming! As a reward, I give you Chapter 32 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 32: Time for Reminiscing! Father vs. Son Confrontations!

Goku walked back to the seating area, with his usual Son grin on his face. After walking for a while, he finally caught up with Gohan and the others. All of them greeted the Saiyan, commenting how great the match was while Vegeta scoffed, mentioning that Goku was holding back on purpose so he could enjoy the fight more. Curse him for being the winner! He said to himself. In the meantime, Kazumi had announced that the semi-finals was about to begin after a few minutes of a break so as to allow the upcoming fighters to rest a bit.

Once he heard that announcement, Negi started to tremble a bit. Gohan quickly noticed it while the others didn't. "Ne, Negi-san, is everything all right?" asked the demi-saiyan. Negi quickly nodded and put on a smile.

"Everything is fine Gohan-san," Negi replied.

Gohan wasn't buying it. "Are you sure?" He asked.

"I…" Negi trailed before being interrupted by a voice.

"You are about to face against your father," spoke the voice. Everyone turned their heads toward the direction of the voice to see Piccolo walking towards them.

"Piccolo-san," Gohan said. "What do you mean meet his father?"

Piccolo didn't respond to Gohan's question as he looked at Negi directly. "Negi, remember what happened during our match. Focus on the present, not the future. This is a battle that you don't want to miss for sure."

Negi nodded in agreement. "Hai I will," said the boy teacher. Gohan and the others were curious as to what Piccolo had mentioned, but before they could ask any questions, a bell had rung. The match was about to start! "Well I'm off everyone," saluted Negi. "Wish me luck."

"Good luck Negi-san," waved Gohan.

Negi saluted back and before he got any further ahead, Piccolo called him out once more, "Negi!"

"Yes Piccolo-san?"

"Don't worry about winning or losing," Piccolo said. "Take this battle as a test to see where you stand compared to those that have gone before you." Negi pondered a bit on what Piccolo's words meant before it finally hit him. He gave a nod to the Namekian and he was off to the arena floor.

"Ano, Piccolo-san?" asked Gohan. Piccolo turned his head at the mention of his name. "What did you mean that Negi-san was going to meet his father?"

"You'll see soon enough," Piccolo said as he started to walk towards their seating area. However, he stopped half-way before he spoke up. "You can come out Kotarou. I know you are there." Everyone's eyes widened a bit before realizing that there was someone near their position. And sure enough it was Kotarou.

"How were you able to know that I was here?" Kotarou asked. "I tried to hide myself the best I could."

"You were giving off too much of ki," Piccolo said as he walked by the hanyou. "It wasn't too hard to notice it. But we will work on your ki control during your training." Kotarou nodded, excited that he was going to learn new skills from Gohan's former sensei. Kotarou joined the group as they walked towards their seating area. Gohan took one last glance to where Negi had run to. He let out a smile. Good luck Negi-san, Gohan said to himself.



* * *



At the arena floor…

"It's been one mother-of-all-battles after another in this tournament, hasn't it folks?" Kazumi shouted into the microphone. "Can you believe it's the semi-finals? At last, it's Challenger Ku:Nel Sanders vs. Challenger Negi Springfield!" The crowd roared with excitement in their voices.

"Now, who will win this match and go onto the finals to obtain the title of the school's strongest?" Kazumi asked as she spoke into the mike. "Is it going to be Challenger Ku:Nel or Challenger Negi? Now let's have our two warriors come onto the stage. First, in this corner, the one who defeated Challenger Ku Fei and Challenger Murakami, Challenger Ku…"

Kazumi was about to go on before she was interrupted when Ku:Nel suddenly appeared behind her. "I'm already here," the hooded man said with a smile on his face, catching Mahora News reporter and announcer to the Mahora Budokai by surprise. "Thanks for all your hard work today," said Ku:Nel with slick smile on his face.

Kazumi sweat-dropped a bit, especially at the smile of Ku:Nel. But that didn't matter right now as she continued to speak into the microphone. "And in the other corner, we have a warrior that had defeated death glasses Takahata, fought out against Challenger Son Gohan's sensei Ma Junior and won, and he is only ten years old…Negi Springfield!" Negi appeared onto the stage as the crowd went loud with cheer.

Gohan, Goku, Kotarou, Goten, Trunks, Vegeta, Kuririn and the girls of Class 3-A all stood at the edge of their seats, knowing that the match was about to start in any second. "Now it is time for the first of the semi-final matches! Ready…" Kazumi began. Negi, meanwhile, started at the hooded man as he began to ponder the possibilities of finally facing against his father. Ku:Nel-san…Father…since that snowy day six years ago…in order to find you, I…studied a lot. All so I would be able to catch up to you. In order to become like you and Gohan-san…I began training for battle. Father…will I really see you, today? Thought Negi as Kazumi shouted "FIGHT!"

Instantly Ku:Nel activated his artifact as he became surrounded by several books. "Wh-What's this?" shouted Kazumi. "It seems something is surrounding Challenger Ku:Nel. I think it might be books. What could it mean?"

"Well done for making it to the semi-finals," Ku:Nel said. "My name is Albiero Imma…friend of the Thousand Master, Nagi Springfield." Negi immediately flinched, thinking on how Ku:Nel knew about Negi's father. "That aside, I would appreciate it if you'd continue to address me as you have been, 'Ku:Nel Sanders'," he said making a few people sweat drop. "Now then! As promised, your reward," said Ku:Nel as he grabbed a book and flipped it open. "It's with this…I can finally fulfill a ten years' promise, made to my friend."

He closed the book on his bookmark and pulled something out, which immediately released a beam of light that caused everyone to cover their eyes including Gohan and the others. "What exactly is this light?" asked Kazumi. As the smoke and the light began to clear, the silhouette was no longer Ku:Nel but rather…someone else! Gohan and the Z senshi had their eyes flung wide open at the sight. A person who could change their appearance to someone else's, that's someone they had never faced like that before! But who was it? When the smoke cleared, the figure revealed itself as the face of Gateau; Takamichi's master! No way! Gohan said to himself.

"And who've thought this!" Kazumi shouted. "Challenger Ku:Nel, such a dapper old man…I-I mean, gentleman? Some say he's a relative of Challenger Negi…others, his father! In either case, is this dandy-looking fellow really Challenger Negi's father?" she asked to no one in particular but the members of the audience started to talk to each other about how this man looked a bit too older to have a ten-year-old son.

Negi however, knew who this person was. "But aren't you Takamichi's master?" asked the boy teacher. The disguised Ku:Nel simply smiled as he slapped his hands together and quickly Shundo-ed above Negi and released five powerful Iai-ken blasts at the water, creating huge splashes of water that covered the entire stage.

"Wh-What an impact! Not unlike that of 'Death Glare' Takahata, come to think of it, but a fog-like cloud covers the stage!" said Kazumi as the blows had dispersed a heavy mist all around the stage.

"That's Gateau for you," spoke Ku:Nel inside the mist holding two bookmarks and one then seemed to be dispersing in light. "He's really something that one. Though, I might argue that Takamichi is stronger than that now. Now, then – as for the power of my artifact, the To Fyuron To Biograohicon…" Ku:Nel then suddenly turned into the image of a young Eishun. "It's able to mimic external appearances as well as emulate physical abilities. When that person's ability is greater than my own, however, the effect is short-lived making it of limited usefulness," explained the new form of Ku:Nel.

"E-Eishun-san…?" muttered Negi.

"Most humans are weaker than me, so there's little reason to emulate them, but…" explained Ku:Nel as the winds began swirling around Ku:Nel once more as he changed into Nekane, Negi's cousin. "Being that a hobby of mine is collect data on other people's lives, in each one of these magical books, there is a person's life one-half recorded within." Ku:Nel then became the image of a young Anya, surprising a bit the boy teacher. "Also, there's just one more important thing my artifact does. At the point this 'half-life' account is created, that person's personality, memory and emotions are recorded too, allowing me to replay them with perfect fidelity," he continued to explain. "But that replay only lasts a mere ten minutes. After which the magical book becomes just a regular book…and a rather mundane read. As I said it has a rather limited usefulness."

"If it's to have any use at all, I'd say it's as an animated 'Last Will & Testament'," Ku:Nel smirked as he returned to his original form. "Well? What say you? Do you understand what it is I'm saying?" he asked Negi who was still in shock and he wasn't the only one. Gohan and some of the Z senshi were too. Thanks to Piccolo's listening ability, he relayed all what happened inside the fog. Gohan couldn't believe it. These pactios had incredible power, just like his!

"The fog's starting to clear, folks…what's this? Challenger Ku:Nel has his hood back up! What's going on?" spoke a confused Kazumi into the mike.

"Right. Let's cut to the chase, then. Ten years ago, I was asked by a friend to make a promise… 'That if, something were to happen…a few words might be left for a son never seen.' Now, are you ready for what you're about to see?" Ku:Nel asked the boy teacher while holding up a book with the name Nagi Springfield on the front. "You have ten minutes and it will work only once."

Suddenly, the books began to sparkle and engulfing Ku:Nel in a bright light. Negi's heart was racing hard. He needed to ask Ku:Nel before it was too late. "Ugu…W-Wait, please! Six years ago…that one in the snow – was that you, Ku:Nel-san?" Negi asked.

"6 years ago? Not that I remember, no," Ku:Nel said with a smirk on his face as his entire being was lit up in a large blast of light that covered the entire stage and causing everyone to cover their eyes.

Suddenly, the light began to fade. When it did, there was a flutter of birds surrounding a particular figure shrouded in a cape and hood. Some people in the audience believed that the light was just for show and it was just Ku:Nel standing in the center of the stage. However, Gohan knew it wasn't. This person had a completely different ki signature than that of Ku:Nel. Negi was shell-shocked to say the least; for he knew who this person was. The hood of the person fell back revealing Negi's father, Nagi Springfield, in the flesh so to speak. "Yo. So you're Negi?" he asked with a grin on his face.

"Fa…ther," muttered Negi as he was seeing a face that he hadn't seen in six years.

Nagi coughed. "Upplt! What's with all the birds? Not another one of Al's gaudy spectacles, I hope…?" said the red haired man before spotting the little boy that looked like him.

Tears started to come down on Negi's face as he dashed towards Nagi Springfield. "Fa…Father!" cried Negi.

"Oi just now the child teacher said Father!" exclaimed one of the members of the audience.

"Yeah he did," confirmed another.

"Wai…what, that red haired super hottie?" spoke a shocked Misa.

"With that hairstyle and color, it's probably true," muttered Makie.

"No way," Goku said.

"Is that really Negi-kun's father?" Goten asked.

"I'm not sure," Gohan replied. "Let's watch and see."

Negi ran toward the charming, sparkling smiling man before jumping out to him, hoping to be embraced by the man who was his father. Only for him to flick him away which caused a collecting mass confusion at the act that Nagi just displayed. Gohan was gaping at the sight. He couldn't believe it. "Mahora Budokai is it…? He does understand presentation, I'll give him that much," Nagi said as he took in the view of the shrine and the layout of the Budokai arena before looking at Negi. "Hey, hey! Is that any way for a son of mine to cry like that? Is that all it takes to make you cry?"

"HWA? Wh-whuh-what do you mean, 'all?' Anyone would cry at a time like this!" he questioned comically as Nagi crouched down to him with a smile on his face.

"Well, you shouldn't – it isn't manly. You do want to be manly, don't you?" he said plainly, making Gohan question why this man was such a hero to Negi. This was not the man he had envisioned based on the research that he did.

Negi continued on with his rant. "B-But-But…I've been looking for you! A really, really long time! A really, really, re-e-e…eee?" Negi was interrupted when Nagi suddenly started grabbing his cheek and pulling on it, making funny faces on Negi's poor head.

"Hah, ha, hah…look at you! You're a mess!" laughed Nagi as he continued pulling on his son's cheeks. "That's far too serious a face for any child of mine."

Negi pushed off his father's hands. "Will you stop with the squeezing?" cried Negi.

"Ah, ha, hah…made you cry," mocked Nagi Springfield. "About ten now, huh? I'm having some trouble with that…to me, you weren't even born yet," Nagi said, resulting in Negi boy tear up once again.

"Father uh…I…I…" Negi tried to say but stopped once Nagi started to ruffle his hair around with a friendly pat on the head.

"There's not much time…" Nagi said, Shundo-ing away from his son. "I'm not much of a talker – never was any good at it. Also, since this is a stage we're standing on…" He then took a battle stance with a smirk on his face. "At least let's train, if only just a little bit. You made it this far right? You can hold your own, yes?" Negi nodded to the question. "This is about all I can do for you now…come," Nagi said as Negi let out a small smile on his face.

Negi then positioned himself in a Chinese fighting stance that drew a happy look on Nagi's face. "Yes Father."

"Are we witnessing a battle between father and son?" questioned Kazumi.

"Now make this last, or it will be over before you know," Nagi said calmly as his son could only think to himself as he began to fight against his father Shundo-ing forward in front of Nagi. Even so Father…for now, you…you're right before my eyes. And even if it is an illusion – for only ten minutes at that…If I reach out to you…I'll still be able to touch you. Because, right now, you… Nagi caught the incoming fist and blocked Negi's knee attack.

Nagi then countered with his own knee and at the same time, creating several magic arrows which slammed into Negi. Father…Father!…If only we could…if only for just a moment…if we could just do this… he thought, dodging out the way and Shundo-ing behind Nagi with his own magical arrows prepared. But then again…Negi then used his Ouka Houken on Nagi, who had gripped Negi's wrist before it could connect, sending electricity through him, shocking Negi.

He then launched Negi into the air. You'll be gone again when this is over, so we can't. Nagi appeared above Negi and kicked him down. He charged his fist before launching a large Sagitta Magica at Negi. Thinking quickly, Negi shot his own Sagitta Magica to propel himself out the way. Negi then called on to his staff to him as the two Springfields continue to fight with incredible skill. 'Father, I will reach you one day. Negi flew towards Nagi's position and ready to cross fists with Nagi, who simply smiled at his son's determination.



* * *



A few minutes later…

"1…2…3…4…" Kazumi counted as Nagi stood over his downed son.

"You made it last quite a while, Negi," Nagi said as his son was lying on the arena floor. Nagi proceeded to evaluate Negi's performance against him as he said, "You'll, um, uh, need to get that bukijutsu or something like that down. It's basically the flying thing. You need to get that down or it'll be tough on you later on. Though using the Sagitta Magica recoil to avoid my attack was clever. You'll need the Koku 'midair' shundo too, of course." Nagi let out a small smirk as he said the last comment. "When I was your age, I could do both."

"Heh heh…you are strong, aren't you, father," smiled Negi. "You're just the way I thought you'd be, father."

Nagi let out a big smile on his face as he helped up Negi from the floor. "Well! Good to hear! Here," he said offering his hand.

"10! It's over! Challenger Ku:Nel Sanders wins and goes to the finals!"announced Kazumi as the crowd cheered.

"Time's up, Negi," Nagi said with a sad look on his face. Negi couldn't believe it was already over as he looked at his father with an awed look on the boy's teacher face. "You all right, does it hurt?" Nagi asked his son as he noticed the injury on Negi's arm.

Negi nodded. "Yeah," he said. "It's fine Father."

"Have Al fix you later," Nagi said as he looked onto the sky. "I guess since I'm here with you now, it most likely means I'm dead. Sorry, I wasn't able to do anything for you. I've no real right to say this, but…grow up happy, huh?" But before Nagi could disappear, Negi called out to him.

"Wait! Father! Wait!" screamed Negi. "Please! I need to tell you something! You're not dead – you're still alive! Six years ago, on that snowy day, you saved me…"

"NAGI!" interrupted a voice with a scream so loud that caused mostly everyone, including Gohan and the others to turn their heads around. Then they noticed a familiar figure that had yelled that comment out. It was Eva!

"Heh-heh, what's this?" commented Kazumi. "Challenger McDowell, who was defeated in the first round, is entering the stage! Which by the way, please stay seated for the upcoming matches!"

"Master," Negi said, which incidentally drew a curious and confused look on Nagi's face. He tried to process what was going, but Eva just simply said to quit and stop it since there wasn't much time left. Gohan tried to hear the conversation between Nagi and Eva. After all, he heard a lot about Nagi from Eva and Takamichi. He also knew that Eva had feelings for Nagi Springfield. Eva drew an ire look at Nagi when he said that he wouldn't hug her like she asked which drew a sweat drop from Gohan who knew the answer was not very subtle at all. Then Nagi proceeded to give a pat on Eva's head, drawing some tears from her eyes which got Gohan curious. He would have to ask Eva later on that.

Suddenly, a bright light started to engulf Nagi's figure. Gohan, having a few questions of his own, didn't want to lose this golden opportunity and jumped from the railing and towards the stage. Goku and Piccolo gaped as they watched Gohan speed towards Nagi's position. "Negi," spoke Nagi. "How you've lived your life up till now, what's happened to you or what happened to me, after that point – being an illusion, I can't say. And yet…that you would idolize your father – so young, great, cool, brilliant, et cetera – oh, and undefeatable; a hero, really – I get that, but…you mustn't keep chasing after me, you know. You should follow your own life."

"Father," muttered Negi.

"Nagi-san!" screamed a voice behind Negi. Negi's eyes widened as he recognized the voice. It was Gohan! What was he doing here?

"Gohan-san?"

"Go-Gohan?" Nagi repeated as he looked at the approaching orange blur coming towards their position. Once the blur stopped, he inspected the demi-saiyan. He noticed the great power emanating coming Son Gohan. "I see," Nagi said. "I knew something was off in some of your moves Negi."

"Eh?"

"You were learning Chinese Kenpo as well as some moves from this dude weren't you," Smirked the Thousand Master. "You are doing well Negi. Remember, to live your life as your own."

"Father!"

"Wait Nagi-san, I have some questions to ask!" Gohan screamed. Nagi, Eva and Negi turned their heads around, curious as to what Gohan had to say. "Fate Averruncus…who is he really?"

Negi's eyes widened when he heard that name. "What do you mean Gohan-san?" Negi asked. "Fate was just a mage that we met before in Kyoto. He was a mercenary mage from the East, just as Eishun-san said."

"No he wasn't. Fate was on a whole new and different level in terms of skill and power than the mages that I have met and seen until now," Gohan said with a stern voice. "He must have had his power augmented by someone or something. Do you know anything about this Nagi-san?"

Nagi let out a small smile. "Sorry, I can't say Gohan. You'll have to figure that on your own," he said which drew a disappointed sigh from Gohan. Nagi let out a small chuckle that got Gohan's attention. "Take care of my boy Gohan. Make sure he obeys this father's last request."

Gohan nodded. "Understood Nagi-san," the demi-saiyan said.

Nagi then signaled off before the light engulfed him completely. "See ya! And Negi, make sure you don't cry as much!" And with that the bright light covered the entire stage, causing everyone to cover their eyes. Once the light subsided, everyone noticed Ku:Nel Sanders, the hooded man, standing where Nagi once stood. Was it all a dream? Some wondered.

"Alright everyone! Please wait for a few minutes as we fixed a few nicks on the stage for the upcoming match! It should be exciting!" Kazumi announced that drew agreement from the crowd.

Ku:Nel and Eva got into an argument as usual once he had reappeared once again. Negi continued to stare at where his father once stood, phasing out all what was going around him. It was not until Gohan gave a friendly pat that Negi was snapped back into reality. "Go-Gohan-san," Negi said with tears coming down on the side of his face. He immediately tried to wipe them away.

"It's okay Negi-san," Gohan said. "It's okay to let it out. But be sure to remember this moment."

Negi nodded. "I will," the boy teacher said as he and the demi-saiyan looked on towards the sky.



* * *



Meanwhile, down below of the Mahora Budokai grounds…

The mysterious hooded man, with his monkey tail wagging around, looked at the screen with great pleasure on his face. "Interesting," he said to no one in particular as he was the only one in the room. "So that is the kid's power. Very interesting indeed. He could prove useful to me and my future plans. However, I'm more interested in seeing the other brat's fight…Son Gohan's fight! Bwahahahahahahaha!" Just as he finished his evil laugh, the mysterious hooded man noticed two presences behind him. He turned his head around, showing off once again the red glint on his face as he looked onto the two mysterious figures that had just appeared. The figures revealed themselves to be the same ones that Misora had encountered. The mysterious man looked at them with a questioning look on his face. "What is it?"

"Excuse us," bowed the smaller figure, "but it seems that Takahata Takamichi and the little one have escaped from their cells."

"WHAT?" exclaimed the mysterious man. He clenched his fist in anger. How dare she pull one on me that bitch! The mysterious man said to himself in anger. As a result, the room started to shake a bit as a great power emanated from the mysterious man. However, he let out a deep breath to calm himself so as to not reveal his power just yet to the world. "No matter, it was bound to happen."

"I understand," said the smaller figure as he sat on one knee towards the mysterious man.

The mysterious man let out a small smile. "It seems that rebellious streak of the original had been taken out of you," he said. "I'm glad."

"Of course," the figure replied. "I am glad to be a servant to you, my lord."

"Good, then erase all the data on every computer concerning everything, including about me and you two," said the mysterious man. "I don't want anyone to find out what I have planned for them. Well, not yet anyways." Then the mysterious man let out an evil laughter as he left the room, leaving his minions to clean out the computer of any incriminating data that could lead back to him.



* * *



A few minutes later…

"So that was the gaki's father?" Vegeta asked as the Z senshi began to discuss on what just had occurred in the previous match.

"That's right," Piccolo said. "I heard of his tales but I didn't think he would be that strong."

"Hmpf, he just looked like another weakling in my eyes," Vegeta commented.

"True but still why did Gohan go out there like that?" Goku asked.

"Who cares what Kakabrat thinks," Vegeta said. "I would rather watch the next match now."

"Huh? What next match?" Goku asked which caused everyone to face-plant themselves.

"Goku, it's your next match!" Kuririn said. "You're fighting against Gohan remember?"

"Oh yeah!" Goku said with his usual Son grin on his face. "I should get going then." With that, Goku sped off towards the arena, causing Kuririn to let out a small laugh.

"Sometimes I wonder what Goku would do without us around?" Kuririn asked to no one in particular as all the Z senshi, including Kotarou, looked on towards the stage for the upcoming match.

"Kotarou-kun! Everyone!" called out a voice that drew everyone's attention. The Z senshi and Kotarou turned their heads towards the direction of the voice. It was Negi!

"Negi/-kun!" yelled Kotarou, Trunks and Goten in unison as they rushed to meet up with the boy teacher.

"That was a great match Negi-kun!" Goten greeted with a happy look on his face.

"Too bad that you lost though," Trunks added.

"I know, but I am not saddened by it," Negi responded.

The boys blinked a few times, curious as to what he meant by that. "Huh?"

Negi looked at Piccolo directly and said, "I now know what level I have to reach in order to be as strong as those before me." Piccolo smiled at the comment, happy that Negi understood what that battle meant for him in the long run. However, he failed to realize that Negi kept on thinking on his father's last departing words. The boy teacher was unsure of what to do. Maybe Gohan-san could help me? Negi asked himself. Then everyone heard the crowd cheer wildly and, curious as to what was going on the arena floor, they turned their heads towards the arena as they watched the spectacle.



* * *



Back at the arena floor…

"Thank you for waiting folks! It's come down to the final two matches here in the Mahora Budokai," commented Kazumi in the microphone. "As we begin the long-awaited fourteenth match, let's take a look at the two challengers! Both of them had faced incredible opponents in their quest to become Mahora's strongest warrior! But this match is going to be unlike any other one, as these two warriors are father and son!" The crowd began to murmur amongst themselves, as they were about to see another father vs. son match. However, this one might exceed the previous one in terms of awesomeness.

"This corner, we have the assistant teacher to Negi Springfield, who regrettably lost in the previous match and local hero, Challenger Son Gohan!" The crowd roared into life as Gohan walked onto the stage, waving at the crowd with a blush on his face.

"Ara, Gohan-kun is next?" Misa said as the girls continued to look on from the roof. Ayaka had passed out due to the level of excitement and 'drama' of the previous match with Madoka, Fuka and Fumika taking care of her while Misa, Shiina, Makie and Yuna looked at the upcoming match.

"He is!" Yuna said excitedly, wanting to see Gohan fight once again.

"Ooohhh! I can't wait!" Shiina said.

"Do you think Gohan-sensei will win?" Makie asked.

"Of course!" Yuna said with a fist pump. "Gohan-kun is the strongest out there and once he gets to the finals, he is going to beat that Ku:Nel Sanders for what he did to Negi-kun."

"He definitely should!" exclaimed a voice. The girls turned around to see Ayaka standing up and in good health. "Gohan-sensei needs to exact revenge against that hooded man for what he did to Negi-sensei!"

"Plus, we can have those ten million yen prize money!" Shiina said.

"That's right!" All the girls agreed.

"Then let's cheer on for our own Gohan-kun!" Misa said as she and the others got into their cheerleading outfits and began to cheer for their assistant teacher. Gohan drew a heavy blush of embarrassment and a sweat drop. Thanks for the support girls, Gohan said to himself. But you didn't have to go that far.

"And in the other corner, we have a warrior of great skill who displayed an incredible and amazing battle in the very first round. The father of Son Gohan, Challenger Son Goku!" Kazumi then motioned towards the entry way to show Goku coming in and walking onto the stage. The crowd roared with cheer as the two warriors looked at each other. Both of them walked towards each other, smiles on both their faces and surprising Kazumi a bit.

"Well Gohan how are you feeling?" Goku asked his son.

"A little nervous I guess," Gohan said as he scratched the back of his neck. "I didn't think I was going to fight against you Dad."

"You aren't," Goku said bluntly.

"Huh? What do you mean Dad?"

"I have been thinking that this match would give us a good opportunity to train," Goku said with his usual Son grin on his face. "We haven't done it in a while and if we went all out, we might get some people in the audience involved."

Gohan nodded. "I agree Dad. But why train? Don't you want to win this tournament?"

"I actually wanted you or Negi to try and win it," Goku said. "This Budokai was useful in testing your skills and know where you need to be. Besides, I have a feeling that you are going to need this training for the upcoming match."

"I see Dad," Gohan said while giving a nod to his father.

"So why don't we start it then?" Goku said as he dropped into his preferred fighting stance, while Gohan did the same.

The crowd started to get antsy at the excitement and potential of this match. The Z senshi, Kotarou and Negi looked on from one of the railings, while the girls of Class 3-A were spread out. Konoka put her hands together to pray for Gohan's good luck, Chisame looking at the match with a slight interest of the demi-saiyan's skill, and Haruna, with Nodoka and Yue, looking at the match as well. Each of them prayed for good luck on the part of Gohan, thinking that he was going to need it, especially after what they had seen from Goku so far.

"It seems like our fighters are ready to do battle!" Kazumi shouted as she stood far from the center of the arena as to not get involved. She knew from experience, especially after seeing Goku and Vegeta fight, that she might get caught in the middle of the battle. "At last the last of the semi-finals! I give you…Match No. 14! FIGHT!"

After some time has passed, the two continued to glare down at each other, moving their hands a bit to adjust their guards. Then, all at once, they attacked. Charging at each other, the two warriors clashed together in the center, locking elbow and driving them in at their opponent. The result was an earth trembling shockwave and a hard standoff between the two.

The crowds cheered wildly, seeing the two warriors finally hit it off with a bang. It was then after connecting elbows did the two Sons finally turn it up a bit more. Forcing each other off with a guard break, Gohan and Goku staggered back. Both of them were practically at the same level of strength, and the rebounding forces from both their guard breaks were able to knock them both back. It was after staggering back a couple of steps, the two of them suddenly lost balance. As a result, they took control of their falls and pushed themselves into back flips. Flipping back twice, increasing distance between them, the two landed on their feet and then shot at their opponents once more at full speed. With yells of strength, the two of them met in the center of the ring again and engaged in a powered up battle. Exchanging flurries of wild punches, kicks, elbows, knees and other assorted combinations, Gohan and Goku began fighting it all out.

Not moving in either direction, the two of them moved across the ring, still locked in that fired up battle. They floated above the ground, drifting towards the side a bit as they fought and circled each other. All the while fists flew and small shockwaves of force rang up. Then, after throwing similar jabs at each other, resulting in both their fists connecting, they were knocked flying back. Soaring backwards on their own accord, they both skidded to a stop and then leapt into the air, flying straight at each other still. They met at the center once more, engaging in yet another furious fist fight. Blows made contact with parries and blocks, all the while the crowds around them gazed in shock.

No one had expected a fight like this, especially when the two of them were hovering above the ground! To add to it, the assaults the two laid hard down on each other were the fastest anyone had ever seen. Their fists and kicks were like blurs flying through the air, striking at each other with enough power to stop train and avalanches. It was like watching Goku and Vegeta's match all over again!

The furious battle raging on above the ground drifted across the skies, the two fighters not letting up for a second. The only people who could see the fight clearly for what it was were the Z senshi while Negi and Kotarou struggle a bit in looking around for the two Saiyan warriors. Neither of them though had to see clearly to know what was happening or see what combinations they were using. It all appeared normally for them, and was sure hell exciting too.

Both warriors were really letting off steam. It was then after gazing up at them for several more seconds did the two of them begin taking it to the limit. They super speeded out of sight, reappearing some distance away and throwing singular movement attacks. Before their attacks even had a chance to land, they both super speeded out of sight and reappeared several meters away again, dropped to a lower altitude and attacking each other. This process continued, with both Saiyan's flashing in and out of sight. It was shocking, the speed that they used. The crowds barely got a glimpse of them.

"Man, look at them go!" Haruna exclaimed as she, Yue, Nodoka and Konoka looked at the match, moving their heads side to side.

"I know!" Konoka said with an excited look on her face. "What an incredible match!"

Above on the roof, the girls were thinking the same thing. "I didn't think Gohan-sensei and this 'Goku' could be this strong," Madoka said.

"I-Incredible!" Ayaka said.

Meanwhile, flashing out of super speed, Gohan charged across the skies, spinning around as he flew on. Goku reappeared in front of him, easily sensing his opponent coming at him from behind. Turning around he held up his right arm and growled, feeling his opponent crash into him with a hard jab. The blow collided with Goku's block, and a split second later, they disappeared after that small shock wave died.

It was following up this attack more shock waves began coursing across the skies, with the momentum driven attacks continuing. The attack and defense plays averted between both fighters, so that they both got their share of damages. Appearing once again out of thin air, both Gohan and Goku charged, throwing the same right fist at each other. The two attacks collided, shaking the skies with another shockwave. Both warriors growled with the effort, pushing off from each other and quickly zapping into super speed. They continued their pursuit game through the skies, out of sight of the people. The only tell-tale signs of both warriors were the shockwaves ringing out one after another, with two blurs shooting around through the empty air space.

Soon enough, the two fighters shot straight back down to the ring below, hurling at each other immediately after touching down. As they charged, they suddenly flipped around and flew at each other foot first. They kicked at each other, legs weaving round each other's attacks with their feet deeply embedding into their faces, hitting both of them hard with a shockwave and sending both of them flying back. They gained a bit of altitude, quickly curling up and spinning to slow their flight path back down.

Then they fell, uncurling and push off, locking fists in the center of the ring upon reach each other. With yells of effort and shouts made with every attack they launched, they engaged in another brawl, flurries of punches sent at each other one after another. As they fought floating just a foot above the ground, dust and debris suddenly began to lift into the air, clouding some view of them. But slowly, as their flight abilities kicked in, they began to float higher and higher into the air, still attacking with outstanding ferocity. The crowds stared wide eyed and watched as the two of them slowly lifted off of the ground. Their fight once again taken to the skies, Gohan and Goku finished off their long brawl with a final punch. Gohan threw his left fist across Goku' face and Goku threw his right fist across Gohan's face. Both attacks collided, making imprint in their struck cheeks and knocking them both back. As they both drifted away from each other, staggered, they recovered quickly and changed tactics.

Wanting to heat up the battle (or training as Goku said it was), Goku cranked back his right hand and threw it forward, firing off a golden ki blast at his opponent. Gohan immediately phased out and reappeared above it, both hands thrown back. When the demi-saiyan threw his hands forward after Goku' attack streaked off and faded into the distance, Gohan then unleashed a barrage of five blue energy balls at his opponent.

Reacting decisively, Goku quickly held out his left hand and fired off an invisible ki shield. The force of that barrier attack struck the five blue energy balls, incinerating all of them. Gohan was knocked back by the resounding shockwave from Goku' blast and spun back, out of control. He quickly stopped himself, arms and legs held out. Gritting his teeth, Gohan assumed a stance and powered up, yelling, "KAIO-KEN!" A crimson aura appeared and sprung around him. With a yell, he charged at his opponent with amazing speeds that not even Vegeta himself could have anticipated.

In a flash, Gohan appeared directly in front of Goku and sent a mind-boggling hook across his face. The Saiyan was knocked staggered by the blow, but immediately after being hit, Goku growled and powered up and yelled as well, saying, "KAIO-KEN!" Still at close quarters with his opponent, he retaliated by sending a right hook across Gohan's face. But the demi-saiyan was fast enough to react to this, and caught Goku' fist, surprising him a bit. However, he couldn't help but feel proud of his son.

"Amazing!" Kazumi shouted. "The two challengers now have a crimson aura surrounding them like they had before in their previous matches! What could this mean?"

The two glowing warriors were locked in that position, gritting teeth and glaring at one another. Then, with the position assumed, Goku broke out of it. He pitched his left fist forward in a grapple break, only for Gohan to release his right fist and block the punch before the attack could land. Instantly after both of them were thrown back, they flew straight back in and began fighting again.

More flurries of attacks flew, the blurs of fists and kicks evident with the crowds watching with awe. They continued to brawl it all out, with Goku suddenly getting knocked back by one of Gohan's punches, his crimson aura disappearing. With a yell, he charged forward, sending a punch at the air where Gohan was.

The demi-saiyan flashed out of sight, with Goku passing through an after image. Just then, Gohan reappeared behind his opponent, hurling straight at him with his left fist cranked back. Goku sensed his son making an attack and quickly spun around, sending a left hook across Gohan's face. The blow and point of striking was incredible, as being blind sighted usually altered the efficiency of an attack. But Goku' blow was a lucky shot, with Gohan being thrown back.

However, as he was sent away, the demi-saiyan managed to recover in his fall and immediately threw a right roundhouse kick across his opponent's face, also staggering Goku. Gohan grinned, seeing he had hit and repositioned himself in the air, stopping his fall. With his stance assured, he threw both hands forward and unleashed a powerful, gold ki blast that shot through the air and straight at his father. "MASENKO HAA!" Goku was hit, point blank range, with the explosion engulfing him in a cloud of smoke.

Gohan quickly leapt back, retreating to about 10 meters from the cloud of smoke and taking a defensive stance. Suddenly, another golden ki blast shot out of the cloud and straight at Gohan. The demi-saiyan moved out of the way as it shot past and into the distance, heading straight for the ocean where it was crash safely.

Just then, Goku flew out of the cloud of smoke, which dissipated from his escape. The Saiyan was looking a bit bruised up, with his gi disheveled from the last attack. When he was out, he flashed into super speed and quickly maneuvered around Gohan, who had managed to get a lock on him. The spiky haired boy gasped as he spun around, eyes widened. Goku used his surprise to attack, bringing his left hand back and fisting it before sending a hook straight across Gohan's face.

The powered up blow sent his opponent plummeting, spinning out of control. As the demi-saiyan fell, Goku brought his left hand forward and, powering up an attack, sent a ki blast straight down at him. The blast shot through the air and flew straight down at its target like a meteor. By the time it was half way, Gohan had already reached ground level on the ring.

Landing on the ring on his hands and knees, the demi-saiyan glared up with his teeth gritted and eyes flaring. When he saw the blast coming down at him, he quickly pushed off the ground to the side, leaping away as the blast struck the ground where he once was. The blast exploded, sending a cloud of dust, smoke and debris into the air. Gohan landed away, on his hands and knees again, crouching like an actual Tiger. Then, looking away from the explosion and glaring up, he suddenly saw a whole rain of ki blasts coming down at him, forcing him to take action. Gohan began rolling out of the way, moving fast as the blasts struck every position he was before. These weak attacks drove him back, cracking the ground everywhere they landed.

The crowds watched in shock, while the Z-senshi, Negi and Kotarou cheered them on. Piccolo looked at the battle sternly and made his conclusion. "Gohan is going to win this one," the Namekian said.

"Eh?" was everyone's response.

"What do you mean Piccolo-san?" Trunks asked.

"Yeah, how is Kakarotto going to lose this match?" Vegeta asked, clenching his fists in anger at the possibility of Gohan being stronger than him. "That brat is just running around like a scared child, like he always is."

"You're not looking at Gohan's movements very closely," Piccolo said.

Vegeta and everyone else raised eyebrows towards him before glancing back down at the ring. They saw Gohan continue to leap around, yelling every time he narrowly avoided one of Goku' attacks. They all glanced back at Piccolo, Kotarou scowling at him.

"Well…I'm stumped," the hanyou stated. "I don't see how Gohan-nii-san can possibly win. He's getting bombarded down there. His ki will be exhausted by the time Goku-san stops…"

"That's what I'm pointing out," the Namekian explained. "You see, Gohan's dodging as a defense allows him to conserve a whole mass of energy for the rest of the fight without fully exhausting himself. Because both he and Son are standing on equal ground with their power levels almost exactly the same, Goku has to put forth more energy into his blasts to increase their speed in order to try and hit his opponent. However, in terms of distance and focus placed into avoiding the barrages, Gohan is able to sense the incoming attacks and avoid them with little effort imposed on his body. Look…"

Everyone looked up to where Goku was floating. They could see the Saiyan fire off another barrage, before suddenly stopping to catch his breath. Goku panted for a moment before bringing up both his hands again and aiming them at the ground. But because of his exhaustion, his aim was a bit off. So when he fired off another barrage, the attacks landed a meter outside their intended targets, with Gohan leaping out of the way and charging across the ring, easily avoiding the incoming attacks. The blasts exploded with little or no effort, missing their target by far. Everyone saw to their shock that Piccolo was right.

"Dang, Goku is losing!" Kuririn exclaimed.

"And Nii-chan is still in the game," Goten stated.

"That's right Goten," Piccolo said. But also, Son is making this match out to be a training match for Gohan, Piccolo said to himself. Could it be that Goku knows who Ku:Nel is going to bring out for the next match? What could Goku be thinking?

Gohan had charged straight across the ring, followed by the explosions of raining energy blasts from above. After reaching the edge, the demi-saiyan skidded to a stop and, cranking back, Gohan flashed into super speed, the series of blasts striking the very edge he once stood and taking off a whole chunk of concrete.

Goku stopped momentarily, having lost sight of his opponent. Panting a bit, the Saiyan looked around, searching the ring for his target. However, because he was unable to lock onto any sign of Gohan, he left himself wide open. Gohan appeared right in front of him, shocking the Saiyan a bit. It was then the demi-saiyan sent a mind-boggling punch at his friend, sending him staggering back from the shockwave rebounding blow. As Goku floated back, Gohan flashed behind him and sent a flip kick into his back. The one-two combination sent Goku flying straight down to the ground, the Saiyan opening his eyes to see the ring closing in and the wind rushing past.

Gathering his senses and recovering as quickly as possible, Goku fisted his hands as he landed on the ground. He let out a small grin on his face. Gohan has definitely improved, Goku said to himself. I guess I better bring out the Super Saiyan if I want him to train. Then, in one mighty burst of effort, he powered up, flashing into a Super Saiyan with a blazing golden aura surrounding him. The crowd gaped at the sight. Once again, Goku had transformed into a Super Saiyan!

Gohan's eyes widened a bit as he looked at the Super Saiyan, curious as to why his father would transform right now instead of before as he landed softly on the ring floor. Then he remembered what Goku had told him at the start of the match. Well, he did want to train me, Gohan said. However, I need to end this match quickly if I want to save up my energy for the next fight. Gohan clenched his fists and let out a loud yell. "HYAAAH!" Suddenly, a golden light surrounded the demi-saiyan and had transformed into a Super Saiyan. The crowd was in shock! Now another person could transform into this form! Who else could do it?

The girls were in shock! Now their assistant teacher could transform? Who was Son Gohan? Chisame couldn't believe it. It was inconceivable that someone could transform like that at the drop of a hat. But then she realized something once she noticed Gohan's jade colored eyes. He had done this transformation before, during the costume contest! Now, she was even more curious than ever on the person known as Son Gohan and his mysterious abilities more than she was on Negi's abilities.

Goku and Gohan smiled at each other, knowing full well what was going to happen next. Then suddenly, everything went off with a blast as the two flashed into super speed. Gohan then appeared, his energy still warping around him as he punched into a charge while Goku did the same. Both Goku and Gohan flew at each other, becoming locked in a mind-boggling brawl. Fists and kicks flew, the two of them circling the air as they attacked each other. Their charged auras enveloped them both, shining brightly and lighting up their positions as they fought. The crowds sat, gawking in complete shock.

As the two of them came in with another assault, they suddenly flashed into super speed, taking their fight into yet another dimension. Suddenly, shockwaves began ringing out, this time their attacks becoming strength enhanced and far more effective than before. Unseen by most in the stadium, everyone tried to catch a glimpse of the two now super powered warriors. Shockwaves exploded close to the ground, as well as close to the stands where the people sat, causing people to cry out in fear of being knocked down. But as the fight dragged on, it soon became clear that Gohan and Goku had taken their battle far out of harm's way. It won't last. A victor would have to be decided at the end of this, if not any.

Seconds past, and the shockwaves continued ringing out. But then, the two warriors made their appearance again, this time staring at each other on the ground. Both their auras were still blazing with an irregular wind rushing past them. Silence fell amongst them and the stadium, everyone staring with anticipation and in shock. Holding their breaths, they waited for either opponent to make the final, daring move.

After a brief moment of staring, the two of them silently decided that there was only one way to end this 'training' match. Making the first move, Goku powered up, his aura surrounding and exploding around him! After which, he assumed his stance, cupping hands behind him and gritting his teeth tightly. Gohan did so too, dropping into a firm, balanced stance and cupping his hands together as well. At the same time, his aura burst up around him. It was then, at that very moment, balls of blue energy appeared in their said hands. The high concentration of energy lit up the whole stadium as they glared each other down.

Then, it was time. Feeling it as the right moment, Goku began chanting the familiar words. "KAAAaaaaa…MEEEeeeee…!" During the time the Super Saiyan used to chant these words, Gohan focused concentrating energy into his own attack as he began his chant at the same time. Both auras expanded fiercely around them, the show down opening up with a display of fiery lights and extraordinary power. Kazumi kept her distance, whilst everybody stared.

"HAAAaaaaa…MEEEeeeee…!" Within a split second moment, they both launched their attacks at each other finishing with a loud yell as their blasts were unleashed from their grasps.

"HAAAAAA!" The two mighty attacks ripped through the air at one another, impacting in the center of the ring and coming to a lethal standoff. Gales of winds shot out from the two blasts locking horns with one another, flaring wildly and sending pulses of shockwaves outwards. The crowds let out terrified cries at the sight, not really knowing what was happening. It was far too intense! Both Gohan and Goku gritted teeth as their attacks dug into one another, threatening to overwhelm and put an end to this entire thing, permanently.

As the attacks pulsated and tried to overpower the other, both Saiyans gave it their all whilst keeping it under a controlled state. The spear heads were blunted, and were unable to do much because at this moment, both fighters were standing on equal grounds. As the two attacks ripped craters beneath them, sending debris and dust flying everywhere, Goku sent a huge portion of his energy into his attack. The mass was seen running up the beam before coming to the front of it in one mighty burst. The blast given off was double that of before, and began driving Gohan's attack back.

But just then, the demi-saiyan also punched it, letting out a yell and driving forward with another mass of energy. His contribution to the tug of war drove Goku's blast back, causing the older Saiyan to slide along the ground, his feet not dug in firmly enough. Gohan on the other hand had been prepared, his feet and stance still as strong as ever.

Then, in a show of incredible force, Gohan drove forward, letting out a bellowing yell as he sent a huge mass of energy into his attack. It pulsed for a moment, before expanding, growing larger than Goku's and soon enough, enveloping the attack and pressing on. Goku's strongest signature attack was overwhelmed and he was sent flying back. An explosion occurred, with debris and rubble flew everywhere and the crowds overwhelmed by a bright flash of light.

As soon as the explosion and lights died down, the crowds were left with the conclusion to the final round of the tournament. Disheveled and shocked people gazed down onto the ring, the clouds of dust settling to reveal the true extent of what had just gone on. When all eyes searched the arena, they immediately settled onto Gohan, who stood tall and proud on his end of the ring, suspended inside his golden aura. He panted a bit for air as he stared at the figure that was on the ground.

Everyone gaped, silence falling on everyone as they noticed who was on the ground. It was Son Goku! Warmth came by again; enlightening everyone and helping them recover from the aftershocks of the tournament. Within the set time between the final moments of the round and the following events, the crowds were able to process what went on. With the realization coming to light, applause started up amongst the people before they burst out into a sea of cheers and shouts. Awed and astounded by the fight, they all gave their appreciation and satisfaction in this form, their calls echoing across the stadium and chanting the demi-saiyan's name.

Gohan smiled, gazing about him while still in his Super Saiyan state. Around this time, Kazumi had finally recovered from her shock and after gathering up her microphone, stepped up onto the ring and forwarded her duties. "A-Amazing! In an incredible display of skill and power, Challenger Son Gohan has come out on top! Challenger Goku is on the ground so let me start the count! 1…2…3…4…"

Gohan exhaled his breath as he went to his normal state. "You can stop faking it Dad," the demi-saiyan, surprising Kazumi and the crowd. "I know that blast wasn't enough to beat you." Everyone blinked a few times, wondering where Gohan was getting his delusions that someone, even Goku, could have survived that blast.

But sure enough, Goku sat up, surprising everyone. Piccolo let out a small smile as he watched Father and Son interact. "Yup, you're right Gohan," the Saiyan said. "That blast wouldn't have beaten me but man was it powerful! You have greatly improved Gohan. I'm very proud of you."

Gohan blushed a bit with a smile on his face. "Thanks Dad," responded the demi-saiyan.

"Umm…sorry to intrude," Kazumi asked, "but are you going to keep on fighting?"

Goku let out a sigh as he showed his Son grin on his face. "Sadly…no," he said. "I wish I could, but Gohan needs to save up his energy for the next match. So I give up." The crowd went wild with cheer as Gohan was declared the winner of the match.

"Now folks, I know you all want to get the final match started, but we have to do some preparations!" Kazumi announced in the microphone. "So please wait for a few minutes! Your understanding is appreciated." In the meantime, Goku was helped up by Gohan and the two Saiyans walked back to the central building.

As the two of them were walking, the crowd started to comment on the previous battle. "That was an incredible match," Haruna said. "I didn't know that Gohan-kun could do that. He must be very strong."

"You haven't seen anything yet," Yue said, but immediately regretted those words as a glint appeared on Haruna's eye. Damn, Yue said to herself.

"What do you mean 'seen anything yet'?" Haruna said with a menacing aura surrounding her, scaring Nodoka and Yue as Konoka had left right after the match to check on Gohan's condition as well as Setsuna's. "Is there something you guys are not telling me?" Nodoka and Yue immediately put up their arms and wailed in front of her so as to tell her no. Haruna is scary when she gets like that, Yue said to herself.

Meanwhile, Chisame kept on staring at the stage, wondering what in the world had just happened. Gohan had just transformed and had blonde hair! What was it some kind of trick like Mister Satan said it was before? She shook her head. No, that couldn't be right, Chisame said to herself. Gohan-sensei is not the scamming type. He wouldn't do something like that. I am starting to believe that Mister Satan was lying about certain things. I am going to have to ask Gohan-sensei about his abilities later on, after the tournament of course.

In the meantime, Gohan and Goku had arrived at the lobby with Goku sitting down on one of the nearby benches. As soon as Goku sat down, Konoka came rushing in. "Gohan-kun!" Konoka said with worry in her voice. "Are you okay?"

"Hi Konoka-san," greeted the demi-saiyan. "I am perfectly fine. It's my Dad you should worry about though."

"I'm okay you guys," the Saiyan said. "Just a few minutes of rest and I'll be back to normal."

Konoka let out a sigh of relief. "Thank goodness," she said. "Let me heal you up Gohan-kun for your next match." But before she could perform some healing magic, Gohan stopped her which drew a curious look on her face. "Gohan-kun?"

"You don't have to worry about me Konoka-san," said the demi-saiyan with a smile on his face. "It wouldn't be fair to Ku:Nel if I went out to the next match all healed up."

"But Gohan-kun…"

"It's okay Konoka-san," interrupted Gohan. "This will serve as a great way to get some training in."

"Training?" Konoka asked as she blinked a few times.

"That's right," Goku continued. "Gohan is a bit exhausted so the body will have to work harder than before, helping him in the long run. It is also great practice for when he faces against multiple opponents and doesn't have time to rest."

"Like when?" Konoka asked. "There is no one stronger than you guys."

"There is always someone stronger Konoka-san," Gohan said as he stretched out some muscles before heading out back to the arena. "I have to be ready for when that time comes."

Then a bell rang inside the room, causing the three of them to look up at the speaker. "Attention! The finals is about to start! Will all audience members and Challengers come to the arena?"

"That's my cue," Gohan said with a Son grin on his face that caused Konoka to blush a bit. "Wish me luck." And with that, Gohan was off, leaving behind Goku and Konoka in the room.

"Goku-san, will Gohan-kun be all right?" Konoka asked the Saiyan.

Goku smiled as he got up. "He'll be fine," the Saiyan said. "Remember Gohan is not out there to win the tournament."

"What do you mean Goku-san?"

"Gohan is doing this for fun as well as to test his skills," Goku said. "Win or lose, Gohan accomplished what he came here to do."

"And what would that be?" Konoka asked.

Goku let out a small chuckle as he walked by the girl. "You are going to have to ask him that question yourself," Goku replied as he exited the building while Konoka decided to check on Setsuna's condition.



* * *



A few moments later…

"At last! The final of the Mahora Academy Budokai is here!" Kazumi shouted in the microphone as the crowd roared with excitement. Kazumi continued her speech, "Will you listen to that roar! What a build-up, huh? But why wouldn't there be! What we've all seen here, folks…it's not something you'll see on TV, I'll say that much! We've had true battles, between fighters of almost unbelievable skill!" Suddenly a large monitor appeared above the ring, detailing what Kazumi was about to say next. "One side: Challenger Ku:Nel, who's defeated Challengers Ku Fei; Murakami Kotarou; and Negi Springfield. On the other: Challenger Gohan, who's defeated Challenger Evangeline McDowell; Sakurazaki Setsuna; and Son Goku! What do you say, folks? Do we want the world to know about this kind of skill or what? Such is the wish of this tournament's sponsor, Chao Lingshen!"

The crowd murmur to themselves on whether they should tell the rest of the world what they just saw, especially the matches concerning the Saiyans and their transformations into Super Saiyans. Kazumi continued on with her speech as she said, "Who will be the one to claim the title, 'Mahora's strongest'? Challenger Ku:Nel or Challenger Gohan? Let's ask those two master-defeating prodigies to come up on stage, shall we?"

As instructed, both fighters entered into the stage area as the crowd roar with cheer at their appearance. Gohan had a focused look on his face while Ku:Nel was waving at everyone with a smile on his face. "You should smile some Gohan-kun," said the hooded man which caught the demi-saiyan by surprise. "After all, we wouldn't want our audience to think less of us."

Gohan let out a smile. "You're right Ku:Nel," nodded Gohan as the two of them arrived at the arena floor and made their way to their respective corners. "Let's have a good match," said Gohan as he positioned himself in one of his father's classic stances.

"Let's Gohan-kun," responded the hooded man.

Kazumi stood near them and was about to get closer, but suddenly realized that she might get caught in the middle of the fight. After all, this was a Saiyan and anything could happen. Kazumi was glad that she got to have a front row seat to this spectacle in watching Son Gohan fight. "All fighters…let the final match…BEGIN!"

At the sound of the bell, the two warriors clashed with one another, sending various combinations of kicks and punches at each other at an incredible speed. Gohan drew back his fist as Ku:Nel did the same. Gohan brought up his left fist to punch Ku:Nel's face but the mage caught it in his palm. To retaliate, Ku:Nel did an elbow strike with his free hand, but Gohan caught that with his own hand as well. Both let go of each other's fits and elbows and did another punch that connected with each other, leading into yet another shockwave. When they retracted this time, Gohan crouched down and did a sweep kick. His opponent however jumped up to avoid it. Spinning on his hands, Gohan lifted himself up and aimed a kick upward towards the mages chest.

Ku:Nel made a barrier at the last moment, reducing the amount of damage the kick would have done and caught Gohan's foot. He then lifted up Gohan and was going to slam him down to the ground. The demi-saiyan twisted in the person's grasp and aimed a punch at the barrier. His right arm shattered the barrier allowing him to aim another kick with his free leg at the arm holding his other leg. Seeing this, Ku:Nel let go of the leg, and aimed a palm strike at the demi-saiyan's chest. Knowing that he won't be able to block it, Gohan twisted his body at the last moment. This gave momentum to his leg and it acted like a whip forcing Ku:Nel to move away as to not be hit on the head. When Gohan landed on the floor, he aimed on more punches at Ku:Nel who attacked with yet another palm strike. The two caused a final shockwave when their attacks connected that forced them to jump apart. Each to the opposite part of the stage.

Everyone's jaws dropped. For the entirety of the one minute the fight has gone on, the two contestants traded blows at an unreal speed that those with untrained eyes looked like their hands and feet were blurs. All they caught was the first punch, Gohan being lifted and then the two being forced away from each other. "What was that!" one of the people asked.

"I'll tell you what that was...That was awesome!" another person shouted, the crowd agreed and began shouting in excitement. Those who could see the moves were rather impressed by the speed as the Z senshi, Negi and Kotarou looked at the match.

"That Ku:Nel dude sure is fast," Goku said as he finally arrived to where the others were.

"Goku-san," Negi muttered.

"Heh, that idiot doesn't know who he is dealing with," Vegeta commented. "Even though he is from Earth, Kakabrat still has Saiyan blood within him. That weakling stands no chance against the power of a Saiyan warrior."

"I don't know about that Vegeta," Piccolo said. "Ku:Nel Sanders may have something planned for Gohan."

"What do you mean Piccolo-san?" asked Trunks.

"Is Nii-chan going to be in trouble?" added Goten.

"I'm sure Gohan will be fine," Kuririn said with a carefree voice. "I mean, for once, I agree with Vegeta. There is no way a guy like him could stand up against Gohan."

"Kuririn, you forget something though," Piccolo said.

"What?" asked the former monk.

"Ku:Nel has a pactio that is able to mimic anyone," the Namekian replied. "Therefore, he could, at any time, transform into anyone. The question is though, who will it be?"

"What an amazing display of speed from the two contestants! Only a minute has passed and they have already done enough hits to each other to count for!" Kazumi stated.

"Hmm...seems like we are still even Gohan-kun," Ku:Nel stated.

Gohan let out a grin. "I don't know about that," responded the demi-saiyan. "I know you are holding back some of your strength."

"Then, why don't we turn it up a notch?" Ku:Nel then lifted up his hand and did his gravity magic over the area where Gohan was standing. There was a deafening boom causing people to cover their ears as well as smoke covering the area. When the smoke cleared everyone saw that the demi-saiyan was on the floor face down.

"What happened to Contestant Gohan? Is he down for the count?" Kazumi asked.

"Gohan-kun I'm sure you survived that, you can stand up now," Ku:Nel stated happily. "You can quit the play acting." And sure enough, Gohan stood up without any injury, surprising everyone in the crowd.

"A-Amazing! Challenger Gohan has stood and without any apparent injuries! What is this man made of?" Kazumi shouted as Gohan did something completely unexpected. He started to walk towards Ku:Nel Sanders, surprising everyone! "What is Gohan doing?"

"Ku:Nel," spoke the demi-saiyan, "you should stop your play acting as well." Ku:Nel's eyebrows lifted up in curiosity. "I know that the figure right in front of me is not the real you." Piccolo's eyes widened when he heard that last part. Could it really be? This whole time, it wasn't him?

"So you noticed then," Ku:Nel said with a smile on his face.

"Considering your seeming invulnerability, little else makes sense," the young scholar-in-training explained. "You attack at full strength, yet seem impervious to harm. I was able to ascertain my hypothesis about you during our brawl earlier."

"You are good Gohan-kun," complimented the hooded man. "The rumors about you were true. I am glad to have met you and fought against you in a stage like this."

"Then I take it that you will show your pactio to me?" asked the demi-saiyan.

The hooded man gave a slight nod, indicating that he already had thought up of someone. "Shall I show him to you?" Ku:Nel said as he drew his pactio card from one of his sleeves. This can't be good, Gohan thought to himself.

"Ku:Nel, before you transform," interrupted the demi-saiyan, "I have one question for you."

"Name it Gohan-kun."

"Tell me where you really are – you can't be that far off, can you?" Gohan asked.

"Certainly I can!" replied the hooded man. "Good three, four kilometers, I'd say…and as for where – you'd be surprised."

"Try me," Gohan said with a bit of sternness in his voice.

Ku:Nel simply chuckled as he continued on, saying, "Don't sound so worried. The spell's effective only within academy grounds, and then only during the three days the magic of the World Tree is in full force."

"And I take it that you came here so you could speak with Negi-san, right?" Gohan asked.

"Very good of you, Gohan-kun," Ku:Nel replied. "However, I am now more interested in learning about you and your strength. I wish to know if Negi-kun will be in good hands when the time comes."

Gohan's eyebrows widened a bit when he heard the last part of Ku:Nel. "What do you mean by 'when the time comes'?" asked the demi-saiyan.

A bright glow started to surround the hooded man as he had activated his pactio. "You will see," Ku:Nel said as various books started to surround him once again, just like in Negi's match earlier.

"Various books have surrounded Challenger Ku:Nel once again!" Kazumi commented in her microphone. "What is going to happen now? Will another figure appear like the last match against Challenger Negi?"

"I'm sure I don't have to explain this to you Gohan-kun," Ku:Nel said as he picked out one of the books that floated around him. "I'm positive that the former Kami-sama has already told you what my pactio does."

Gohan's eyes widened when he heard what Ku:Nel called Piccolo. "H-How did you know that Piccolo-san used to be the former Kami-sama?" asked the demi-saiyan.

Ku:Nel waved his finger back and forth, indicating that he was not going to go into any more detail about that. "At another time Gohan-kun; for right now, we have a match to finish," Ku:Nel said as he started to pull out the bookmark that placed inside the book that he had picked out earlier. "This took a lot of effort in finding him. I had to do some digging myself in order to get him, knowing that I might have had to face you or one of your Saiyan friends sometime in the future. So when you see him, tell him that Majin Boo is dead and that you are here to fight in a tournament."

Gohan blinked a few times, trying to figure out on whom Ku:Nel was going to bring out. "Wait, what?" Gohan said, surprised that Ku:Nel knew about Majin Boo.

"Remember to fight at full strength. Wouldn't want you to lose an opportunity to fight against a strong opponent now would we?" Ku:Nel as Gohan got a glimpse of the first letter of the book that he was holding which was a 'V'. "Good luck now."

Suddenly, a bright light engulfed Ku:Nel's figure, causing everyone to cover their eyes. Gohan couldn't tell who it was at first but once the light started to die down, he got a full glimpse of the figure that Ku:Nel had just transformed into. This figure had black hair that was standing up like a flame that looked similar to Vegeta's hair style. However, he had two bangs sticking out like a downward 'V' shape. His face had similar familiarity to that of Goku and Vegeta. Two gold ball-shaped earrings were on his ears. He wore a similar outfit to that of Gohan's and Goku's but the colors were inverted. The external part was blue while the undershirt was orange. Finally, he had white gloves and boots in the same style as Vegeta and Gohan's disguise of the Great Saiyaman. The figure let out a large smile as he said, "All right!"

Everyone in the crowd stood in shock at the figure, wondering who it was but Gohan and the Z senshi knew full well who it was. Goku and Vegeta were in shock. "N-N-No way!" Goku said, trembling a bit. Vegeta was too as he couldn't believe what he was seeing.

"That's not possible!" Vegeta added as nervous sweat ran down the side of his face.

Gohan couldn't believe it either that Ku:Nel had brought forth one of the most powerful beings in the entire universe. The man who faced against Majin Boo, the result of the Potara fusion between Goku and Vegeta…Vegetto!



* * *



Author's note: WAAAH! A surprise appearance by Vegetto! Yeah, I know. I planned for it since the beginning of the Mahora Budokai. I always had planned on Gohan facing off against Ku:Nel in the finals, not have them in the semi-finals like in the Naruto/Negima crossovers I have read. I wanted to do something different. That was why Negi fought against Ku:Nel earlier than expected. It is going to be a very interesting match in the next chapter. Can't wait. Also, just to let you know, that was one of the reasons why I kept the name Kakarotto instead of Kakarot since Vegetto is the combination of Kakarotto and Vegeta. FUNimation screwed it up by calling the character Vegito. What the hell!

READ AND REVIEW! I love hearing from everyone! See you around! Peace!





*Chapter 33*: An Unexpected Guest at the Finals!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. See chapter 1 for details.

Author's note: Hey everybody! How is it going? I am doing fine hear in Japan. Still cold as ever and it keeps snowing and snowing which is good and bad. Good because I love the snow and bad because they don't clean the streets very well. But that's just me.

Anyways, I am glad that a lot of people enjoyed the little cliffhanger I left in the previous chapter. Nice huh? But first, I want to get this out of the way because a lot of people have been asking me for Gohan to turn SSJ 3 so here it goes. I am very sorry to disappoint but Gohan will not, nor will he ever, turn SSJ 3! Ever! His Mystic Form is his SSJ 3 form and it is even more powerful! That's it, end of story! Phew! Finally got that out of the way. I am very sorry but I just felt like I had to say that. I apologize if I offended any of you. In this story though, I have made Gohan's mystic form more unique in a sense. You will see as you read along the story. It will get very interesting.

I want to thank theprincedonte for beta-reading this chapter! He was extremely helpful! Now, let me present to you guys Chapter 33 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 33: An unexpected guest at the Mahora Budokai Finals! An All-Out Son Gohan!

"We've got company!" shouted Chamo as Asuna and Mei were running and avoiding huge lasers being fired at them. While the tournament was going on, Asuna and the rest of the Takahata-sensei rescue team had encountered robots that were at the disposal of Chao Lingshen. However, these robots were a bit…peculiar in a certain way. Their lasers didn't just hurt them, but rather…strip them! Now Asuna and Mei were running away with torn clothes as they continued to avoid the robots blasts.

"H-How many are there?" Mei asked to no one in particular as she and Asuna continued running. "My magic...my MP – it's almost gone!"

"Higher tech than I thought," Chamo said as Asuna gave a quick death glare at the ermine.

"I don't wanna have my clothes stripped off by lasers and be killed by pervert robots!" Asuna exclaimed as they kept on running. Suddenly a figure appeared before them.

"Fhn, fhn, fhn," chuckled the mysterious figure. "Mei! Kagurazaka -san! Sorry to keep you waiting!" Mei, Asuna and Chamo realized who it was. Takane had reappeared! Earlier when they encountered the robots for the first time, Takane was shot first and her clothes were taken off. That was when they realized that the robots' lasers hurt and strip you at the same time! What a deadly combination! "Guardian of Justice and sidekick to the Great Saiyaman (Asuna jealously glared at her for that comment), Takane D. Goodman has returned!"

"Onee-sama!" Mei said with anime-tears on her face. She was glad to see Takane well and recovered. Now she could help them out by defeating the pervert robots. Asuna, though, had a bad feeling about this.

"Now that I'm back, there's no need to worry!" Takane said with determination. "SHADOW-PUPPET TECHNIQUE, CLOSE-IN COMBAT: FINAL MOVE…" But before Takane could finish her spell, the robots attacked her head on. Takane went unconscious and because she was using her shadow magic to cover herself, she got naked! Does she ever learn? Anyway what genius uses magic for clothing if they fall apart if you fall unconscious? Mei was about to help out Takane when the robots turned their deadly glare at the poor girl. Mei was then attacked and stripped!

Asuna couldn't believe it as she face-palmed herself. "Are you two good for anything?" she exclaimed. However at the exact moment, the robots turned their attention to the orange haired girl. "This may be it," Asuna said with tears in her eyes, about to meet her fate. Oh Takahata-sensei, Asuna said to herself. I was hoping to come rescue you – and then to end like this! All I wanted was to help you for a change and prove that I am a capable girl that is able to help you or Gohan. I'm so sorry!

Then suddenly, Asuna heard a voice in her head. 'Asuna-kun! Get down!' said the voice. Asuna turned her head, trying to find the source of the voice. It was like with Ku:Nel all over again. However, this voice sounded very familiar. 'DUCK!' Asuna proceeded to do so and then suddenly a large ki beam appeared and destroyed the robots completely! Asuna went flying and was about to fall into the chasms of the sewers but was rescued by someone.

Asuna opened one of her eye lids to see who it was who rescued her. Could it be Son Gohan? Her nose then picked up a scent that was all too familiar to her. The smell of tobacco. It was Takamichi and Chibi-Setsuna! "Takahata-sensei!" yelled Asuna as a blush appeared on her face, worried about how she was looking right now especially when her clothes were torn like that. She hoped that Gohan didn't come in right now to see her like this. She shook her head to get rid of those thoughts. She needed to focus on right now. She was let go by Takamichi as the two of them helped out Mei and Takane as they also found Misora and Cocone as well, not too badly hurt.



* * *



A few minutes later…

"Takahata-sensei, I'm sorry," Takane said as she bowed her head in apology as all of them were walking along the corridors. All the girls had a cape covering them so as to not reveal their torn clothes or naked bodies to world, especially to a man like Takamichi. The girls asked where Misora and Cocone went, but they didn't get a response as the replaying of the events brought trauma to them.

"I'm sorry, too, sensei," added Asuna. "Having you saving me, instead of the other way around…"

"No," interrupted Takamichi, "thank you, Asuna-kun. Are you unhurt?" Asuna shook her head, indicating to the teacher that she was perfectly fine. Then the group finally arrived to a room as Chibi-Setsuna was leading the way. The room was filled with computer monitors and TV screens that were larger than anything anyone of them had ever seen. "Mhhn," Takamichi sounded. "Chao-kun's gone, of course." Then Takamichi proceeded to check on the computers as he started to input some commands on the monitor.

"Takahata-sensei, what are you looking for?" Mei asked.

Takamichi flinched as he had forgotten for a second that the girls were there. "Ah, girls, could you please help me?" asked the tobacco-smoking teacher.

"Sure, what is it that you need Takahata-sensei?" asked Asuna.

"I'm trying to look for anything that would indicate what Chao-kun might be planning," Takamichi said. "Can you girls do that?" All the girls nodded as they inspected the computers while Takamichi was looking for something else in the monitors. He actually wasn't looking for Chao's data but rather something else. Chao-kun couldn't have planned all this without some kind of help, Takamichi said to himself. She must have had gotten help from someone. But who I wonder? All the files of this mysterious donor have been erased. They knew that I would get free. These must be some skilled warriors then.

Suddenly, Chibi Setsuna received a signal from her original. "Sensei! My original says there's something big going on at the tournament," said Chibi Setsuna.

Takamichi's eyes widened a bit. "What?" He and everyone else quickly exited the room and went outside to see what was going. What they saw completely surprised them as they had arrived at the final match of the Mahora Budokai when Ku:Nel had transformed into someone new. They quickly noticed Gohan on the stage but they weren't sure of the other guy.

"Takahata-sensei, what's going on?" Asuna asked, worried about Gohan's safety.

"I'm not sure," Takamichi said. The teacher looked at the chibi that floated near him. "Chibi Setsuna, do you know what's going on?"

"Not sure sensei," the chibi replied. "All I know that it was Ku:Nel Sanders vs. Son Gohan in the final match of the Mahora Budokai."

"I see, that explains a lot," Takamichi ascertained.

"What explains?" Takane asked as she was also worried about Gohan as well. The other figure standing opposite the demi-saiyan seemed dangerous. She and the girls had also noticed the look on Gohan's face. It was that of nervousness and shock.

Takamichi simply pointed to the stage as they watched the other figure quickly did some punches and kicks as to test out his strength, make sure everything was okay. The figure let out a smile. "It seems everything is okay," he said. "I was a bit worried when the two of them fused together, but everything is normal."

Gohan gaped at the sight. He had heard stories about this guy from his father, Goku after recounting what happened after he got absorbed by Majin Boo. This guy was emanating an incredible power. So much so that it was making Gohan extremely nervous. So this is the power of the Potara fusion, Gohan said to himself. If Dad and I were to have fused like this back then, would we had have this same kind of power as well? "Hmm," sounded the mysterious warrior. "This place is unfamiliar to me. Where am I and where is Majin Boo?"

"Um…uh…excuse me?" Gohan said, grabbing the mysterious warrior's attention. "Are you by any chance Vegetto?"

The man smiled as he heard his name. "Of course," he said. "I'm glad that someone knows my name out there. My name is indeed Vegetto since it was the fusion of Kakarotto and Vegeta that brought me into existence."

"I see, so I was right," muttered Gohan.

Vegetto then noticed something strange. "Hey wait a second, is that you Gohan?" asked the potara fused warrior.

Gohan nodded. "That's right Vegetto-san," the demi-saiyan. "However, we don't have a lot of time to chit-chat right now. You have a time limit of ten minutes before you disappear and we are currently at the finals of a Budokai."

Vegetto let out a grin. "Budokai huh?" he said as he did some stretches. "How exciting! So I am guess that means that you are my opponent then Gohan?" Gohan nodded. "Interesting. You are definitely much stronger than the last time I saw you."

"It's been a while," Gohan said with a smile on his face. Suddenly the smile disappeared and seriousness took over the demi-saiyan's face. "I would love to talk some more with you, but right now, we have to fight. I am going have to go all out against you Vegetto-san since not even a Super Saiyan or a Super Saiyan 2 would be a match for you."

"Well, then, do it," Vegetto responded. Then Gohan clenched his fists and got himself in a horse stance as he collected ki within his body. Taking a firmer stance, the demi-saiyan glared harder at his opponent, eyes flickering. Suddenly, the ground around him began to crackle with a fiercer display of golden, electrical currents. The tiles and earth even began to shake, causing everyone in the crowd to go for cover, thinking that it was an earthquake.

Suddenly, golden electricity consumed Gohan and began flickering around him, shooting outwards and connecting with the various pillars of the arena. The currents moved up and down them, as well as across the ground as the field of power expanded and then contracted. With its concentration into Gohan's body, the demi-saiyan felt his power rise again, and finally, it hit him. He was ready. Bringing himself into a strong stance, Gohan reared his head back and let out a tremendous cry of power, a shock wave exploding out of him, cracking the tiles and sending dust everywhere. The earth began to shake even more as Gohan gritted his teeth and then, with a flail of his arms, the demi-saiyan cried out. "HYAAAAH!" A bright light surrounded the demi-saiyan, causing most people to cover themselves from the light.

Vegetto, meanwhile, crossed his arms as he waited for Gohan to finish his transformation. He let out a grin as Gohan had transformed into his Mystic form. Everyone uncovered their eyes to see something different about Gohan. A blazing white aura surrounded the demi-saiyan as there were several cracks on the tiles surrounding him. His jet black hair had become spikier than before but something else was different about him. The girls that were vying for Gohan's attention knew it immediately. It was his eyes. No longer did they carry the meekness that Gohan usually had. It was the eyes of a seasoned warrior, ready to fight at a moment's notice. The girls wondered if this was a new transformation of Gohan's. The Z senshi, Negi, Kotarou, Asuna, Yue and Nodoka knew differently as they watched the match with greater interest.

Vegetto unfolded his arms and let out a small chuckle. "Very impressive Gohan," the Potara fused warrior said. "You are definitely much stronger than before. So let's put it to the test now." Gohan nodded as he got back to his original fighting stance while Vegetto did his stance. The air around them was tense as if the world was to break apart due to their might. Kazumi noticed the tiles around the two warriors were cracking due to the strain of the power emanating from them. This was going to be an incredible match.

Then it happened. With a bellowing roar, Gohan flew straight at Vegetto, aura flaring wildly. Faster than the Potara fused warrior counted, he was slammed straight across the face by a powerful jab, making him reel back in shock and from the pain he felt of the blow. After which, Gohan dropped low and rammed several uppercuts into his stomach before, bringing his right leg back and slamming a powerful blow under Vegetto's chin.

Vegetto was thrown skyward, hurling out of control. The Mystic demi-saiyan gave chase, powering up and shooting after him, leaving a crater and a dust cloud behind him. The crowd, as well as the Z senshi and the other fighters watching from the sidelines, were shocked at how fast and how strong Gohan had become. Managing to stop his flight several moments later the Potara fused warrior readied himself and brought his right hand forward. A powerful, blue sparkling energy ball appeared, illuminating him and his opponent in his sights. Gohan continuing flying straight at him full speed. With a yell, Vegetto unleashed his attack. The energy ball shot straight for Gohan. Gohan was ready for it. Bringing his right hand up, he back slapped it out of the way, still flying forward. Then, with a clear sky to strike, he super speeded the rest of the way up to his opponent and appeared behind him. Vegetto gasped in shock when he saw Gohan suddenly appear behind him. Flipping backwards, Gohan kicked Vegetto straight in the back, sending him plummeting towards the earth like a meteor.

Vegetto dropped, and when he did, it was fast. Within seconds, he crashed, landing on his hands and knees and forming a crater beneath him. The entire arena shook from the very force of impact, and when it finally stopped shaking, Vegetto was looking up with a bit of blood leaking from the corner of his mouth. New bruises have been inflicted on him, and showed now that the old battle scars had healed.

He was surprised that he was unable to keep up with Gohan for right now. This didn't give him any time to think because Gohan was coming down, right on top of him. Pushing off the ground he leapt and rolled to the side, just as Gohan's foot came down into the crater, forming a larger one in its place and a cloud of dust rising from the strike. Vegetto rolled out of harm's way, stopping some distance away before turning round and flying at Gohan, who was still submerged in the cloud of debris.

As it was settling, Gohan spun to meet his opponent, seeing him flying at him. The Mystic demi-saiyan's fist shot out, with the Potara fused warrior moving to the side a bit to avoid before his fist connected with Gohan's face. The blow, strong and powerful it was, sent Gohan flying back, but not as fast. After which, Vegetto brought his left hand about and threw a yellow, disk shaped energy ball at his target. Upon impact, it exploded, increasing the demi-saiyan's speed of flight. The momentum had shifted and Vegetto was gaining ground easily.

"What an amazing fight!" Kazumi shouted. "Whoever this Ku:Nel Sanders is, he is giving Challenger Gohan a hard time in this match!" When she said that, there was a hint of worry in her voice as she was worried about Gohan's safety and if he will be able to win this fight. Back flipping into submission, Gohan moved into a fast retreat, floating back at flight speed. He looked ahead of him, looking to see if his opponent was following him. To his utter surprise, he could not see Vegetto anywhere. He was so focused on what was in front of him, he failed to see the ripping of the ground beside him, as if a sharp was swimming close to the surface of the water. The break in the ground didn't go unnoticed by the Z senshi, but Gohan didn't spot it.

Seconds later, Vegetto suddenly burst out of the ground behind the demi-saiyan, leaping high and spinning about, sending a kick right into his opponent's back. The blow caused a shock wave, sending Gohan flying forward with a yell of pain. He skidded along the ground, the momentum he had gained from the force of the blow creating a deep entrenchment. But after several yards, Gohan stopped, managing to leap back to his feet and spin around to defend himself.

Vegetto was right in front of him, ready to attack. In response, Gohan punched out, meeting Vegetto's elbow. Following up the connection that formed a shock wave, the two of them locked in a flurry of punches, kicks and defensive techniques. Parries blocked blows, but it was obvious the two of them had their fair share of connecting blows. The blows were heavy and hard, shock waves ringing with every assault. The exchange of attacks went on for several moments before Vegetto back flipped out of the way as fast as he could, just as Gohan over shot a hook. Landing 25 meters away, the Potara fused warrior brought his right hand back and threw it forward, unleashing a cluster blast. Blue, small energy balls shot at Gohan, landing all around him. It appeared that the attack was effective, but just then, the demi-saiyan fazed out, the series of small explosions suddenly erupting into a bellowing fire ball. The ground shook as a massive crater was punched into the ring floor.

After seeing his opponent disappear, Vegetto began looking for his opponent. Just then, Gohan appeared behind him, with the Potara fused warrior reacting to this instantaneously. Spinning around, he launched a punch at Gohan, only for the demi-saiyan to catch his fist and use his own strength against him. However, Vegetto was able to counter the attack as he palm struck across Gohan's face, kneed him in the stomach, lifting him off the ground from the force and then roundhouse kicked him away.

At the end of the combo, and after he had sent his opponent flying, Vegetto pursued. He zapped into super speed, covering a lot of ground and appearing behind his opponent. Just as Gohan had managed to stop himself from flying on, he suddenly received a right kick to the back of his head from Vegetto leaping through the air, flipping and coming down on him with the blow. Not wanting to get struck again, Gohan pushed off, flying high just as Vegetto returned to the ground and struck at him with a slide kick. He missed and watched as his opponent put some distance between the two of them.

Vegetto smirked. This was becoming very enjoyable for him. "You are good Gohan," the Potara fused warrior commented. "If you had this kind of power level during the fight against Majin Boo, Kakarotto and Vegeta might have not needed to fuse together since you would have been able to put away that pink blob, even with the half-pints absorbed."

Gohan smiled at the compliment. "Thank you Vegetto-san," responded the demi-saiyan. "But I think we should take this battle up to the next level."

Vegetto blinked a few times when he heard Gohan's comment. "What do you mean?" asked the Potara fused warrior.

"I know you are holding back Vegetto-san," responded Gohan, "especially when I know that you can transform into a Super Saiyan. Please, show me your true power. Otherwise this just won't do." Vegetto let out a smile. Gohan was good. He was quickly becoming a seasoned and powerful warrior that some should not try to fight against. The Goku side of him was proud of his achievement while the Vegeta side was proud that Gohan was slowly accepting his Saiyan side.

Then Vegetto cracked his neck, slamming his right fist into his left palm and loosened his muscles. Gohan gulped a bit. Maybe he shouldn't have said those comments after all. Who knows what kind of power Vegetto had when he transformed into a Super Saiyan. It couldn't be worse than Broli's power could it? Vegetto clenched his fists and got himself in a horse stance, letting a powerful war cry. A strange wind started to swirl around the Potara fused warrior that caught everyone's surprise. Suddenly all of Vegetto's muscles began to bulge up starting with the legs then the arms and finally the chest. A bright light began to emanate from Vegetto as suddenly a golden blazing aura appeared surrounded the Potara fused warrior! He transformed into a Super Saiyan with the usual slight muscle build-up, jade color eyes and blonde hair that was even more defined than before. The crowd gaped at the sight in seeing another person transform into a Super Saiyan. Was this tournament like the convention for Super Saiyans to appear or what? They wondered.

Vegetto got himself in a stance, with a large grin on his face. "Now, it's time to face against Super Vegetto," the Potara fused warrior said. Sweat drops began to slide down Gohan's face as he felt the tremendous power emanating from Vegetto and he wasn't the only one. The warriors of Mahora could definitely feel the power. They were just glad that they weren't in Gohan's shoes right now or they would have pissed their pants. Negi and Kotarou were gaping, mouths wide open. They began to wonder if Gohan could even win against such an opponent.

Goku and Vegeta, meanwhile, stared at the fused warrior in awe. They remembered their time as Vegetto and his incredible power but to be on the outside was a totally different story. Cold sweats began to appear on both warriors' faces. Goku began to wonder if it was the right choice in having Gohan face against this opponent after all. However, he felt a pat on his shoulder coming from Piccolo. The Namekian gave the Saiyan a nod, showing that he had the same concern as Goku did but there was nothing they could do now. Gohan might not win this match but it will still serve as to see where he is at in terms of power and skill. There might be opponents out there in vastness of space that were even stronger Vegetto.

Vegetto stood up straight, blue electricity bolts surrounding the Potara fused warrior. "So Gohan are you ready for this?" Vegetto asked the shocked Gohan, who was snapped out of shock and back to his stance.

"You bet!" Gohan said with a determined look on his face. I might not win this match, but it will serve as a good way to know where I stand when compared to the power of the Potara fusion of Dad and Vegeta-san, Gohan said to himself.

"Just astonishing folks! I don't know what I can say folks, but if you were standing where I am currently standing, you can feel the incredible power emanating from both warriors!" Kazumi shouted as she decided to take a few steps back from the stage so as to not get caught up in the match. "I-I-I cannot even make a prediction! Who will come out on top?"

The warriors stared at each other intently, waiting for someone to make the first move. Gohan decided to do it as he dashed from his spot and went into super speed. Gohan went on the attack as he sent out a high right kick to Super Vegetto's face, then an upwards left kick that launched him up in the sky. Gohan quickly followed pursuit as he landed a punch on Vegetto's chest then an elbow strike to the face and then a roundhouse kick. And then another kick was given to Vegetto that sent the Super Saiyan flying across the sky. Gohan disappeared and then reappeared quickly above Vegetto's position as he laid out a forearm attack on the Potara fused warrior. Super Vegetto was sent flying to the ground as he landed on all fours. He quickly stood up and looked around for the demi-saiyan. Suddenly, he felt a presence behind him. He turned around to see Gohan with his knees bent and his hands in a cupped formation. "KAMEHAME-HAAA!" screamed Gohan as he launched his father signature technique at the Potara fused warrior.

The ki blast was huge as it tore up part of the stage. Gohan carefully moved the blast away from the audience at the last second so as to not hit and hurt them. The blast tore through the sky, like a meteor except going the other direction. Everyone looked up, thinking that Vegetto was up in the sky due to the blast being shot upwards, but Gohan and the Z senshi, especially Goku and Vegeta, knew better. Vegetto had survived that blast. It didn't have much power behind it because it could have destroyed this entire arena. Gohan began to look frantically for the Potara fused warrior and then suddenly he felt a presence. The demi-saiyan turned around, ready for a defensive block, only he was too late as Vegetto came up in front of him and gave him an upper-cut which sent the demi-saiyan up into the sky.

Gohan quickly turned around in mid-air and got himself balanced. He glared at the Super Saiyan while Super Vegetto simply smiled as the two warriors went into super speed. Shock wave after shock wave exploded into life, sending ripples of energy coursing through the sky as both fighters locked fists. The brawl continued on, shaking the skies and earth. With every blow that made contact from the attacker to the opponent, the show of force cracked the ground, raising dust and debris.

Everyone could feel the earth shake from the very fight that was taking place. It was incredible. The two of them blurred into focus and then disappeared again, having launched an attack but quickly moved into either pursuit or retreat. They broke every chance they got, returning to a quick cat and mouse chase before returning for another engagement. They tore through the skies like rockets, moving across the skies above the arena before moving back down and taking the fight to the ground. You could see clouds of dust rising everywhere they ran, moving at too great speeds to see. They were just flashes and blurs to the people. Explosions of shockwaves raised more dust, which hurled over the sides of the ring and onto the audience.

"Folks, this is really out of this world!" Kazumi shouted into her microphone. "Here we have the unmovable object Gohan, now fighting with an equally unmovable opponent! The unknown warrior is clashing with Challenger Gohan, battling an unseen battle above our heads and in the Mahora Budokai arena. This is truly a magnificent spectacle! If I hadn't seen it with my own eyes, then I would never have believed it! But who would come out as the victor of this super powered match?"

Explosion after explosion occurred, the two fighters making on brief appearances in the form of blurs. Every time they kicked off the ground, their ki's pushed into their flight and springs, as well as leaps, jumps and attacks, left an energy burst, which sent those rippling shockwaves you could see bursting all over the ring. They moved around constantly, not letting up and giving it their all. Gohan was pushed to his limits, not forced into a tight corner just yet, but managing to keep up with his opponent. Same went for Vegetto, who was battling hard at this level as best as he could against his opponent. Flurries of fists and kicks were unleashed, barely grazing their targets at some points but most of the time making contact with parries or blocks. Both of them were putting up hard defenses that not even a swing of a bat could break.

Reappearing, Vegetto hurled across the ring and sent a right, powered-charge punch at his opponent. Gohan crossed his arms over his face, blocking the blow but was staggered back by the momentum, which broke his guard. He back-flipped, landing on his feet on the very edge of the ring before pushing off, jumping into super speed once again. The two reappeared again, Gohan spinning through the air and throwing a right roundhouse kick. Vegetto blocked it with his arm but was knocked back by the force, the attack breaking his guard and sending him staggering to the side. Knocked off balanced, he fell, only to flip, pushing off the ground with his right hand just as his opponent punched at him, only to miss. The Potara fused warrior disappeared into super speed, Gohan turning his eyes skywards and growling through gritted teeth. However, Vegetto was not there!

Suddenly, Super Vegetto appeared right behind the demi-saiyan. "Oh shit!" Gohan cursed out loudly, catching some of the girls by surprise that their usually calm and happy assistant teacher would say such a curse word like that out loud.

"Too late," Vegetto said as he put his hands forward and at Gohan's back. Then, with a quick engulfment of his blazing golden aura, Vegetto yelled out his attack. "BIG BANG KAMEHAME-HAAA!" A giant blue ki ball appeared in Vegetto's hands and was pushed against Gohan's back, sending the demi-saiyan up into the sky. Gohan let out a loud roar of pain as the attack was very powerful and was tearing his back apart. He needed to do something quickly and fast. In mid-flight, Gohan moved to his side and let the attack pass by him. The blast tore into the sky and let out a humongous explosion that lit up the entire blue sky! It was a sight to behold.

Gohan let out a sigh. "That was close," he muttered. "Better step it up now!" Suddenly, Gohan fazed into super speed, hoping that Vegetto would follow. And he did as he pursued, zapping into super speed. More flashes, shock waves of bursts of dust occurred along the ring and at low altitudes above the arena. You could see the two blurs shooting around, faster than bullets. They locked horns again, engaging in a brawl that dragged through the skies with the two of them gaining and giving their share of attacks. From here, every blow managed to land, mostly on defenses. They rarely struck their targets.

Vegetto changed tactics, pursing his opponent and chasing him across the ring. They leapt down from the skies, Gohan pushing from the ground and retreating as Vegetto came down, crashing to earth with a kick which resounded in a shock wave before he chased, also disappearing into super speed yet again. They flashed in and out of focus, with Vegetto obviously on the attack. He attempted to hit his opponent but was unable to catch him. Gohan proved to be a worthy opponent. The Z senshi watched them leap across the ring while the others were losing them as they were moving at speeds a little too fast for their liking.

Then they saw them moving across the center, Gohan appearing in flight and bringing his right hand about. Vegetto landed in the center and kicked off, retreating in defense. When he saw Gohan punch out, he fazed into super speed and came down from above with a kick. Gohan too disappeared, with Vegetto hitting the ground instead. Immediately after striking and missing, the Super Saiyan disappeared into super speed, Gohan reappearing coming at him in front and throwing a left hook. He looked up and behind him, quickly disappearing again.

At that moment, Vegetto reappeared in front of his dematerializing opponent, throwing a left uppercut, only to hit an after image. Vegetto then saw see Gohan coming at him from in front again, however this time, Gohan only hit an afterimage. He then received from Super Vegetto a right hook across the face, and then a left uppercut, these blows made him slide back along the ground, shocked and in pain. Vegetto was quick to act on this, bringing both hands up as if in boxing and beginning to ram incredibly fast, powerful punches into his face using his right fist. These punches had speed, strength and ferocity, driving Gohan back. He didn't stagger, but slid along the hard, flat surface. Gohan was unable to defend himself, but he could see, through his blinded, beaten sight Vegetto fist his left hand and prepare to attack. With a yell, the fused warrior threw the face shot, only for Gohan to blur out of focus and disappear in super speed.

Vegetto glared up, seeing Gohan reappear in the skies. With a yell, Vegetto threw his right hand forward and fired a golden ki blast. Gohan disappeared, avoiding the blast and reappearing behind the fused warrior. Vegetto had no idea his opponent was behind him and was kicked in the back, sending him flying forward. But when he did, he disappeared into super speed, with Gohan disappearing and following him.

The two of them took their fight into the skies again, Vegetto's speed and strength increasing to a new level, just to shake things up a bit. He equaled Gohan blow for blow, the two of them moving at incredible speeds through the air and clashing with intense fury. Blows landed, but mostly struck defenses or nothing as the two of them moved around. When Vegetto reappeared, he spun around, seeing Gohan reappear behind him and send a punch. Vegetto phased out, followed by Gohan. This was quickly followed by Vegetto reappearing with a kick, only this landed with an afterimage. Gohan attacked, sending a drive punch into Vegetto's stomach which sent him skyward. Gohan flashed into super speed and appeared behind him in his path, bringing his right hand back and throwing a punch into his back. Vegetto disappeared just as his fist passed through. The demi-saiyan gritted his teeth and glared ahead of him in frustration. He was battered and bruised, bleeding from the lip and looking worse along his face. Without needing to contemplate anything, he flashed into super speed too, following his opponent.

After spotting his target, Gohan mustered all the strength he could and powered up, shooting up skywards. At an amazing speed, he flew at his opponent, letting out a cry of anger before being hit full on by an invisible blast. The force of the attack sent Gohan falling back, spinning out of control.

Vegetto had his left hand held out and down at him, the hot breeze blowing by him. Downing his opponent, he gave chase, flying after him. Spinning round, regaining his composure and balance, Gohan powered up and shot off in another direction, eyes firmly plastered on Super Vegetto, who was quickly gaining ground on him.

Within moments, the Potara fused warrior reached him, throwing a powerful jab at him. Gohan turned around, blocking the punch while the two were still in mid-flight. It was here the two of them engaged in a furious battle, Gohan's fists and kicks lashing out at Vegetto. The defense that Vegetto was putting up was strong, with his counter attacks being far more lethal. They flew on before changing course, beginning to drift upwards whilst locked in that battle.

The crowd looked up as shockwaves occurred with blows landing on each other, explosions of force ringing out everywhere. Gohan knew he wasn't going anywhere, so he decided to do something that he had done during the fight against Broli. Charging up his fists, he let out a loud yell, "KAIO-KEN!" A crimson aura surrounded Mystic Gohan as he launched himself at Vegetto, unleashing his assault. He showed Vegetto no mercy, trying to train himself to use the first level of the Kaio-ken and beyond in this form. After a while though, Vegetto managed to block several of the blows before cranking back his right fist and sending a hook across Gohan's face, the blow ringing in Gohan's ears and sending him flying back to the ground.

Gohan crashed hard onto the arena floor hard, creating a large crater on the ground. All the girls gasped at the sight of Gohan getting hurt, especially Kazumi, Haruna, Shiina, Yuna and Misa. Konoka and Setsuna had gotten out of the building at that moment and they too gasped. "GOHAN-SENSEI/-KUN!" screamed the girls of 3-A as they all were about to rush in but suddenly they saw a hand come out of the crater. It was Son Gohan!

The demi-saiyan panted heavily for air as he crawled out of the crater. His eye sight started to blur. The images were getting out of focus. He shook them off as he tried to get up but couldn't. His body trembled, with the demi-saiyan on the verge of unconsciousness. Vegetto landed on the arena floor softly, arms folded as he walked to the semi-conscious Mystic Gohan. "Is that it?" asked the Potara fused warrior. "I thought you would be more of a challenge Gohan, especially when you had all this time to train. Is this really the extent of your power?"

Gohan didn't respond as the lids started to cover his eyes, about to fall into unconsciousness. He couldn't take it anymore. Vegetto was too much, even for him. There was no way he could have won this match. Not by a long shot. Kazumi came onto the stage, running towards Gohan's side as she grabbed hold of him. "Gohan-kun!" Kazumi cried in worry. She then gave a glare to Vegetto who simply brushed it off.

"What?" Vegetto said with a look that was similar to that of Goku's. "I didn't do anything wrong."

"Still, you shouldn't have gone that far!" Kazumi yelled angrily. "You clearly outclass him so why take it so far?" Vegetto didn't respond causing Kazumi to clench her fists in her anger. She wished she could just slug the guy for doing such a horrible thing to Gohan but she couldn't. She was the announcer of the tournament and she had a duty to do. "I-It seems that Challenger Gohan is on the ground," Kazumi said as she tried to hold back her emotions. "I better start the count…1…2…"

Gohan panted even more. He couldn't hold it in anymore. Maybe it is better to give in, Gohan said as the possibility of passing out sounded like a good option. But before he could do anything, he heard a yell, "STOP!" The yell was so loud that it woken Gohan a bit and stopped him from passing out. Everyone, including him, turned their attention towards the direction of the voice. It was Asuna! "DON'T GIVE UP GOHAN! YOU CAN DO IT!"

"A-Asuna-san?" Gohan muttered.

Yuna decided to join in as well. "GO GOHAN-KUN! YOU CAN DO IT!"

"Y-Yuna-san?"

Then it was Konoka's turn. "DON'T LOSE GOHAN-KUN! YOU CAN WIN IT!" yelled Konoka.

Setsuna decided to join in as well. Gohan needed words of encouragement. "GET UP GOHAN-SENSEI! YOU HAVE TO WIN!" Then one by one, the girls of Class 3-A all joined in the chants. Then the Z senshi did as well with Goten being the loudest of them all.

Then came Negi's turn. "COME UP GOHAN-SAN! DON'T YOU GIVE UP NOW! YOU CAN WIN!" the boy teacher yelled. Negi hoped that his words of encouragement would get the demi-saiyan to get up like when everyone else did it for him when he was fighting against Takamichi.

"Y-You guys," Gohan muttered as he got up from the floor all gingerly. Everyone roared with cheer once they saw Gohan standing up and perfectly balanced. "Thank you." Gohan lifted his head, his determined eyes looking at Vegetto. The Potara fused warrior unfolded his arms and got himself in a defensive stance, knowing that Gohan was going to go all out now. This was where boys became men.

Gohan balled his fists one more time and let out a war cry. The ground around him began to shake as the demi-saiyan called forth the remaining ki that was in his body. His whole body hurt like hell. The strain of the Kaio-ken was getting to him but that wasn't going to stop him. Not right now. He was going to push it even further, push his body to the utmost limits. "KAIO-KEN…TIMES TWO!" Goku's eyes flung open as a crimson aura surrounded the demi-saiyan once again. However, everyone noticed that the crimson aura this time was much fiercer than the last one that they had seen before. Vegetto prepared himself for the incoming attack as Gohan put himself in a stance.

Then, Gohan dashed from his spot. With a yell of power, he shot at Super Vegetto, throwing his right fist directly up at his face. The blow landed, knocking the fused warrior senseless. Then, after regaining their composures, the two of them engaged in a furious brawl that lifted them into the sky. Still in focus for they were unable to move through super speed, they both pummeled each other mercilessly. Their shadows could be seen, throwing devastating blows and breaking off, flying through the arena before locking fists again. The next time they reached each other, Gohan received a punishing jab across his cheek, before he countered with a kick straight up into Vegetto's stomach. The two blows were tremendous.

Then, Gohan let out a yell and, cupping his hands together and throwing it forward. "KAMEHAME-HAA!" His yell echoed with the massive blast that shot out, lighting up the area. Super Vegetto retaliated, bringing both his hands up like he was about to do Vegeta's Final Flash attack. Two golden orbs appeared on the hands as Vegetto brought them together and cupped them to do a Kamehame-Ha! "FINAL KAMEHAME-HAA!" yelled Vegetto. Both of attacks were launched, hitting each other with equal force and starting up a blast tug of war that looked as though it would be going on without end.

The pulsing attacks burned intensely, digging into each other as both fighters poured their energy into their attacks. Lightning shot down from the skies. The Kaio-ken x 2 Mystic Gohan bit tooth and tail to keep his energy flowing, the waves of energy he unleashed and poured into the attack growing to a level he could barely handle. But then, after both fighters had reached their limits, they broke through it, firing off a last ditch effort energy pump through the blasts, which reached the spear ends and exploding. The sky lit up with a series of fiery explosions, with one major one taking place right where it started. Everyone covered their eyes from the explosion, unsure what was going on.

Once the smoke cleared, everyone noticed that damage had been done to both of them and it was incredible. Vegetto's gi top had been completely torn away, revealing his ripped body underneath. His was pure muscle; however his skin burnt, scarred and bruised everywhere. A similar occurrence had happened to Gohan, except only an entire half of his top had been torn away, his pants were torn everywhere. An entire section of his right leg was gone, leaving that side in short state. The other side had the entire knee area ripped away with other tears and damages. Least can be said about Vegetto. The only thing the two were in the same state was that they were both floating in their auras. Vegetto had his blazing golden aura and Gohan had his crimson aura.

As the two warriors stared at each other, the crowd, especially the girls and Negi noticed that something was wrong with Gohan's condition. He was wincing in pain every now and then and panting heavier than before. Negi was curious that he said, "What's wrong with Gohan-san?" He had said his worry out loud, thinking no one would answer him. However, Goku surprised him by responding to the boy teacher's question.

"Gohan is using the Kaio-ken," Goku responded.

Kotarou turned his head and repeated the words that Goku had just muttered. "The K-Kaio-ken? What's that?" the hanyou asked.

Goten and Trunks were curious as well since they saw Gohan do that technique against Broli and always wondered what the technique was. Negi turned to his friends and explained it to them that it was a technique developed the Kaio of the North Galaxy and that would enable the user to enhance his strength, speed and ki. "That's right Negi," Goku said as Negi finished his explanation. "But the Kaio-ken technique is also known as a double-edge sword."

"Why Goku-san?" asked Negi.

"While the Kaio-ken grants you great power, it can also destroy you if you are not careful," Goku explained. "It puts a very heavy burden on the body. Right now Gohan can do the Kaio-ken normally at his Mystic level but anything higher puts a huge strain on the body. That is why he is wincing so much. His body is screaming out in pain. If this match isn't over soon, Gohan might die."

"WHAT?" screamed Negi, Goten, Trunks and Kotarou in unison. "Then we better do something," Negi said. "Come on Kotarou-kun, Goten-kun, and Trunks-kun, let's go."

"Don't you four dare go anywhere," Vegeta said with sternness in his voice, surprising the boys a bit. "You are not to interfere in Kakabrat's fight."

"Why not Papa?" Trunks asked, worried about Gohan's safety. "Gohan-san might die."

"Well then, that was his choice," Vegeta responded. "Gohan knew the risks of using the Kaio-ken. Otherwise he wouldn't have used it. But because he chose to use the next level of the Kaio-ken, he is going to have to live with the consequences, even if it means dying. That's what it means to be a warrior."

Negi shook his head. "No, that's not being a warrior!" the boy teacher retorted. "That's being suicidal! Gohan-san isn't like that at all!"

"Then why is Gohan doing it then huh?" Vegeta retorted back which caused Negi to go silent as he didn't know what answer he should come up with. Then the boy teacher felt a pat on his shoulder. He looked up to see Goku.

"Don't worry about it Negi," Goku said. "If worse comes to worse, we'll stop the fight. I promise." Negi nodded as well as the other boys as they turned their attention to the match once again. The two warriors, Kaio-ken Mystic Son Gohan and Super Vegetto, continued to stare at each other for a moment.

Then suddenly, they both flew at each other, elbows locking and colliding, a shock wave ringing out. Then the two of them engaged in a fierce, powerful brawl. Fists connected, kicks struck home and all attacks landed with great efficiency. Vegetto then slammed a powerful kick across Gohan's face, a massive bruise appearing. Gohan staggered to the side, his crimson aura still surrounding him.

The Potara fused warrior dropped into a stance just as Gohan disappeared into super speed. Gohan appeared in front of Vegetto, on course of striking at him. Using the momentum to his advantage, Gohan sent his foot into Vegetto's face. The blow was tremendous, staggering the fused warrior.

Backing away, Vegetto took to the air. Gohan landed a second later. As soon as he saw Vegetto take flight, he sprinted forward and pursued, shooting into the skies with his crimson aura aflame. Vegetto growled and pulled his right hand back, throwing it forward and unleashing a devastating energy blast. Gohan easily avoided it and kept going, changing course and moving more in a swing motion. He hooked round Vegetto's flank, before coming in and taking him. Vegetto was ready to defend himself. Soon enough, the two were locked in a heated battle.

Flashing into super speed, the two fighters engaged. The fight took them to a whole new dimension of combat. Fists collided and kicks were launched, both fighters staggering each other. Those who were on the ground and watching the fight taking place had their eyes trailing the skies to try and catch sight of them. They could see shock waves and explosions occurring all over the sky. They saw Vegetto and Gohan fly at each other, lock in a death battle with fists and kicks flying before they eventually kicked off of each other and flew off in different directions. Vegetto would often take pot shots at Gohan and fire off a barrage of ki blasts. Gohan was prepared and was able to avoid them. He would then charge up his own attack and throw it at Vegetto as counter measures. Vegetto would occasionally run into a couple of them and suffer two degree burns, but was alright. Then, the whole process of charging, fighting and breaking would continue again.

Gohan then charged at Vegetto, fist cranked back. The Potara fused warrior spotted the demi-saiyan's charge from the skies above and changed course, pulling up and flying at him in kind. Within seconds they reached each other, with Gohan's fist coming straight at Vegetto. The fused warrior pulled back and avoided it, Gohan passing over slightly before the demi-saiyan spun through the air and sent a roundhouse kick at his opponent. Vegetto, already having avoided the punch, ducked and shifted underneath Gohan's kick. Gohan then dropped and began throwing combinations of punches and kicks at the Potara fused warrior. Vegetto dodged the first three before being forced to block the next barrage. After taking on a hook and catching it between his arms, Gohan then jabbed down, striking him below the ribcage. Vegetto chocked at the vital point blow before being hammered in the chin and then across the face. This caused him to release Gohan's arm. The Mystic demi-saiyan then leapt at him and began hammering blows away into his body.

Vegetto could do nothing during this beating, and just waited for his opponent to slip up. He eventually did, allowing the fused warrior to slip out. Leaping back through the air, Vegetto pointed two fingers directly at Gohan, firing off a narrow beam of energy at him. Gohan yelled and shifted, spinning around and throwing a yellow ball of energy at Vegetto. The Potara fused warrior slapped the attack away and countered with another energy blast. The blast tore through the air and straight for Gohan. The demi-saiyan, in kind, cranked back his leg and kicked right at the spear end of the blast. He sent it rocketing into the sky. Then, with the relinquishment of energy and the failure of his attack, Vegetto decided to tackle him with his fists and attacked. He charged at Gohan. The demi-saiyan did as well, and they once again met in a violent clash. It was becoming an incredible battle.

The crowd wished that this battle would last, for like forever but like the match between Goku and Vegeta, there was a time limit to consider. They hoped that the battle wouldn't be interrupted because of the stupid bell. And it wasn't because the match was going to be over soon. Goku and Piccolo knew it as they saw Vegetto and Gohan take their fight to the sky. Gohan panted more and more. He was reaching his limit of using the Kaio-ken times two. His body could withstand so much. Negi started to notice it as well. Gohan was not going to win this one.

Vegetto and Gohan continued their brawl and pushed off each other. Vegetto was panting for air but not as heavily as Gohan. He kept on wincing in pain, his muscles reaching their limit. Maybe he should call it quits here. No! Gohan shook his head. I'm going to do the best I can. Please, body, don't fail me now! Then they pushed off from their respective areas. Both their auras flared as they flew at each other, locking in another heated battle. Fists and kicks flashed, both fighters lashing mercilessly out at their opponent. Vegetto was backing down ever so slowly, primarily staying on the defensive. Gohan was constantly trying to keep up with his opponent, not letting up. If he did, he would lose control of the Kaio-ken and it would be over. Biting and holding onto this power proved to be enough of a challenge as it was.

Sending a straight kick up at Vegetto's head, Gohan tried to knock him back. He did so, but only forced him to move, his kick making no contact or damage whatsoever. After which, he flew straight down at Vegetto and began throwing left-right punches of all kinds. He used to power of his body to launch his attacks. But despite his strength and speed, he was unable to land a finger on Super Vegetto. After continuous dodges and sky shifted, Vegetto flipped forward and flung down with a kick at Gohan in a lash strike. Gohan, unable to guard himself from the surprise attack, got hit full on in the face and head, the blow sending him plummeting. Down, down, down he went, straight towards the ring. A huge explosion occurred that rocked the entire area. A dust cloud had formed with the dust and pebbles pushed towards the audience. Everyone covered their eyes to avoid getting dust in their sockets.

Once the wind died down, everyone opened their eyes to see a huge dust cloud surrounding the stage. No one could see anything! Was Gohan all right? Everyone wondered. The cloud began to dissipate, revealing two figures on the tournament floor. One was standing and the other was panting but on the ground. People leaned closer to get a better look and what they surprised them, even shocked them! It was Vegetto and Gohan but Gohan was lying on the floor while Vegetto was standing in his normal state, no longer in his Super Saiyan form. Kazumi was shocked at this as she saw Gohan on the ground. Her first instinct was to go and help the demi-saiyan but she had a duty as the announcer of the martial arts tournament and had to be unbiased towards the challengers. She got up on the stage and walked towards the challengers, probably thinking that the match might be over now. As she walked over, she heard Gohan chuckle. "Heh, heh, heh, so that was the Kaio-ken times two huh," the demi-saiyan said. "Never expected for it to hurt my body this much."

"Well that is the risk that comes with using the Kaio-ken especially when combining it with your Mystic form," Vegetto said. "But you probably knew that." Vegetto then let out a smile at the demi-saiyan while Gohan let out a small laugh as Kazumi finally got to the spot.

"Challenger Son Gohan is on the ground!" Kazumi announced happily, glad to see Gohan was still conscious and in good spirits. "He is still conscious in case you were wondering folks; however he seems to not be able to get up! Let's start the count! 1…2…3…!"

"But still Gohan," Vegetto continued with a grin on his face, ignoring Kazumi's comments, "you have greatly impressed me. To be honest, I didn't think you would give me a match like this. I thought there for a second that you were going to push it to the Kaio-ken times three."

"I highly doubt it. But I was wondering though, at what level would you say I was at when I fought you using the Kaio-ken times two?" Gohan asked. "Be honest Vegetto-san."

Vegetto put his hand on his chin as he pondered at what level was Gohan at when he was fighting using the Kaio-ken times two. "Probably…around a quarter of my real power."

Gohan's eyes widened when he heard that. "Really?"

Vegetto nodded. "Really," the fused warrior said. "But just to let you know that not even Majin Boo when he had absorbed you, the half-pints and Piccolo was a match for me at 10% or even 5% of my real power. That's quite an accomplishment."

"It is," Gohan said. "I'm really glad to have fought against you Vegetto-san. Thank you." Vegetto smiled as he helped up the demi-saiyan while Kazumi had declared Vegetto the winner of the match. The crowd went wild with cheer, thanking them for such an excellent match. Some of the girls from Class 3-A ran along the stage side and went quickly to Gohan's side as they came onto the arena floor.

"Gohan/-kun/-sensei!" yelled Konoka, Setsuna, Asuna and Takane as they came rushing in to help the demi-saiyan. All of them had worried looks on their faces as they got a first glance at Gohan's injuries. Vegetto eased their minds with a Son grin. "No worries ladies," the fused warrior said. "Gohan will be fine. Although, I recommend that you don't hug him for a while. His body is in a lot of pain." But just as he said that, Goten came running in.

"Onii-chan!" Goten yelled as he went to hug the demi-saiyan. At the slightest touch, Gohan let out a loud yell of pain that made everyone cover their ears while they sweat-dropped at the sight. Vegetto lifted up his hands and shoulders, saying 'I told you so.' Negi, Kotarou and Trunks then came onto the stage as they went to check on Gohan's condition. Vegetto let out a smile as he saw everyone interacting with Gohan in a friendly manner. He was especially surprised at the attention that he got from the ladies. That was quite shocking to say the least.

Suddenly a bright light surrounded Vegetto, grabbing everyone's attention including his. "Wh-What's going on?" the Potara fused warrior said with a confused look on his face.

"It's time," Negi said. "Ku:Nel-san's pactio has reached its time limit which means that you are leaving."

"I see," Vegetto said. He let out a sigh. He wished he could have stayed longer. "Well, I guess that means I'm leaving for good. Hey Gohan!" Gohan looked up at him half-heartedly as he was extremely exhausted and in pain. "Good job!" Vegetto said to him with a thumbs-up. "Keep up your training. You will surely become as strong as me someday."

The demi-saiyan nodded weakly. "I will," Gohan said as Vegetto signaled to everyone good-bye and off he went as the light completely engulfed him. Everyone covered their eyes to block the bright light. The light then began to dim, revealing the figure of the hooded man, Ku:Nel Sanders! The hooded man let out a smile as he walked over to Gohan.

"I hope you enjoyed my little present to you Gohan-kun," said Ku:Nel. Gohan chuckled but immediately winced in pain as laughing even hurt him as well. Ku:Nel bent down on his knees and took out his hand. There was some energy on his fingertips that Gohan and the others knew was magic. Ku:Nel waved his hand in front of the demi-saiyan. A small bright light engulfed him for a few seconds as Gohan looked at his body, watching the light do wonders like healing some of his wounds. Once the light disappeared, Ku:Nel stood up and said to the demi-saiyan, "There. As compensation for fighting against me, I healed some of your wounds. However, I was unable to heal some as they would take some time and energy to do so, which I don't have."

Gohan looked at his body, his hands, his arms, everything. He noticed some of his injuries were healed but some, like certain muscles, weren't. However, that didn't matter to Gohan as he stood up. He was having trouble doing so thus some of the girls helped him in standing up. The demi-saiyan stared at the face of Ku:Nel Sanders. The girls thought that there was some tension going on between them. Then Gohan had his Son grin on his face, catching the girls by surprise. "Thank you Ku:Nel-san," the demi-saiyan said as he held out his hand. "Thank you, Ku:Nel-san, for letting me fight against as strong opponent as Vegetto-san."

Some of the girls, including Asuna, wondered why Gohan was thanking Ku:Nel for bringing out a warrior that was way out of the demi-saiyan's league and almost killed him. "Gohan," Asuna said, "why are you thanking him? He almost killed you!"

"Well…"Gohan trailed as he tried to find a good explanation that make him sound like a war monger, "I entered this tournament not to win it, but to test my skills like Dad used to do it when he was younger. My Dad and Vegeta-san would have made great opponents for me no doubt, but Vegetto-san was the best choice to see where I currently stand at and where I need to be. I will get stronger and maybe someday, get even stronger than Vegetto-san." The girls were silent at Gohan's response as they had blushes on their faces. Gohan's response sounded very cool to them.

Ku:Nel chuckled. "I'm glad that I was helpful to you Gohan-kun," the hooded man said. "But you should thank your father though. He was the one that helped me."

Gohan's eyes widened. "He was?" yelled the demi-saiyan. "How is that possible?

"Well of course," Ku:Nel responded. "I took a glance into his past and picked out Vegetto-kun, seeing how powerful he was."

"I knew something was up," spoke up someone, causing everyone to turn their attention to the direction of the voice. It was Son Goku and his friends! "I knew something was off when you touched my shoulder earlier. I didn't think you were going to bring out that dude, but in the end it worked out great for Gohan."

"Me too," Gohan said as the area around grew silent. The crowd stared at the people in the center with awe. They came here to watch some matches. There would be some fights here and there that would be interesting but they didn't expect something like this. Ki blasts, Kamehame-Ha's, explosions, incredible techniques, Super Saiyans! This was just too incredible.

At that moment, Chao had stepped onto the stage, grabbing Takamichi's attention immediately. He was going to need help on this to apprehend her. He started to look around to see if her donor was here as she started to talk. "Every match was an excellent one," Chao said, wearing a traditional Chinese dress. "Certainly, the winner of this year's tournament may be said to be strongest in all the academy…No! Make that the world! As its sponsor, I can truly say that I can't ask for anything more. It is true that, because of the extreme battles…and let's face it, almost unrealistic content of the matches…some may feel justified in writing it off as 'just for show!' However, that, I leave to you, and your imaginations, to decide. Challengers! Audience! I thank you all for your participation! Let's do it again sometime, shall we?"

The crowd went wild with cheer, thanking Chao and the tournament organization for such a display of incredible battles and techniques. They will never forget such matches and will tell all their friends, family, loved one and in the future, their grandchildren of what they saw today. Chao and Kazumi then gave out the awards to the challengers for 1st place, 2nd place and 3rd place. However, the press came running in, trying to get interviews with the challengers. Ku:Nel simply disappeared into nothing once he got his ¥10,000,000. Negi, Gohan (with some help), Goku and the others escaped as well so as to not interviewed by the press and have their abilities posted and shown to the world. All of them escaped the confines of the shrine as the press desperately tried to look for them. They probably weren't going to find Goku and the Z senshi that's for sure because of Vegeta and his attitude towards reporters.



* * *



A few minutes later…

"Fhn, fhn," the Chinese girl chuckled as she walked along the corridors of the shrine. "Despite how the tournament ended, I'd say was still quite the experience for Negi-sensei and Gohan-sensei. Good for them."

"Not so fast, Chao-kun," spoke a voice. Chao stopped walking as she gave a look around her. Takamichi, the black man in the white suit and several other mages had appeared, surrounding the Chinese girl.

"Why, Takahata-sensei!" Chao said with a sarcastic voice. "And – my, my! So many others. Your diligence is to be commended."

"I'd like you to come with us to the teachers' lounge, Chao-kun," Takamichi said as he kept his distance from Chao with his hands still in his pockets.

"What sin have I done?" Chao asked.

"No sin! We just want to talk to you that's all," Takamichi said with a smile. The black man in the white suit didn't agree with Takamichi's approach.

"Takahata-sensei! Why're you going so easy on her?" the black man sensei asked. "She's not just another student, you know – she's dangerous! She tried to reveal the existence of mages…or have you forgotten!"

"Fhn, fhn," the Chinese girl chuckled once again. "So many stories in children's books, not to mention the comics of both East and West…and still you try and hide your existence from the rest of the world. Or, to rephrase it…How does it benefit the rest of the world not to know about you? I'd think the tournament would be proof enough that keeping secret from society the existence of such powerful beings, such as those who could transform into blonde hair fighters, is impossible…dangerous, even!"

"Y-You've got it all wrong!" retorted the black man. "It's to avoid such things that we hide. How can we hope to co-exist peacefully in the face of confusion and pointless misunderstanding? Besides, I don't know about those fighters who could transform their hair like that but it's not as though every mage is as powerful as the ones seen today! I-In any event, even if it means force, you're coming with us."

Chao chuckled some more as she began to take out something from her sleeve. "I am, am I?" Chao said.

The black man gritted his teeth and clenched his fists. He had enough! "That's it!" he yelled. "After her! There's not telling what's she capable of!" All the mages converged on Chao's position, ready to apprehend her. But then Takamichi saw something. It was watch and very strange looking one. The dials began to turn, engulfing Chao in a bright light.

Time seemed to slow down for everyone as Chao's figure began to disappear. But before she disappeared, she left some parting words for her pursuers. "See you again on the third day, my dear gentle-mages." And with that, she disappeared out of sight. The mages stopped themselves before running into each other. All of them looked around, trying to sense her presence anywhere but she couldn't be found. What did Chao do?

Meanwhile, up on the World Tree, there were three figures standing on a large branch, overseeing everything that was going on. All of them had capes and hoods over them but each of them was a different size. "It seems that Son Gohan was unable to match with Vegetto after all," spoke the smaller one, his green socks and blue sneakers revealing. "That is sure disappointing. I wanted Gohan to win it, that way it will be a much more fun when I fight him and see him lose."

"Don't get your hopes up. According to my scanner, Son Gohan has indeed become more powerful than we had anticipated," spoke the largest of the three, his green boots with black tips showing underneath his cloak. "He has already past Son Goku's and Vegeta's battle power."

"Yes, the brat has certainly passed the battle power of Kakarotto and the princess of all Saiyans," spoke the middle one with his monkey tail wagging behind him. "However, he is still no match for my strength. Regardless, we shall try to get him and the brat Negi Springfield to join our cause. It is time to begin accelerating my plan. Soon the whole universe will fall before me as I will become the strongest elite Saiyan warrior that likes that no one has ever seen! Hahahahaha!"



* * *



Author's note: Hey everybody! Hope you guys enjoyed the match between Gohan and Vegetto. It was a lot of fun writing that battle scene. And if you thought the fight was dull, there will be other opportunities to see more exciting battles. Trust me, I wrote them. Anyways, hope you guys enjoyed it!

READ AND REVIEW! I love hearing from you guys! See you around! Peace!





*Chapter 34*: Sing Us a Song Girls!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. See chapter 1 for details.

Author's note: Hey everybody! How was your week? Mine was very busy. I have to go to this one school which is good but the trip absolutely destroys my wallet. It takes 320 yen to take the train, then 410 yen to take the bus and then its about 2000 yen for the taxi because by the time the classes finishes, the buses are out of service. Japan is quite expensive if you don't take care of your budget. It's taken me awhile but I think I got the hang of my spending. Anyways, enough of my ranting.

I want to thank theprincedonte for beta-reading this chapter! He's been awesome! Now let me present to you guys Chapter 34 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 34: Aftermath! Sing us a song Girls!

In a far away place, farther than anyone could think of, laid a planet in a realm that few have even entered. There were four realms in the universe that everyone knew of existed. There was the Lower Realm, where the universe was placed and its planets such as Earth existed. Then there was the Heavenly Realm, where the Temple of Kami-sama stood as the Guardian of Earth watched over his/her people in the Lower Realm. Then there was the Other World Realm where when people in the universe died, they went through inspection to see whether they go to heaven or hell, courtesy of the Great King (Daio as some would call him) Enma. He would press various stamps, indicating where you went. It was also where the great Kaios also preceded with their own planet and seeing their part of the universe. Currently though, only the North Kaio doesn't have a planet, due to being destroyed by Cell. And last but not least, there was the Kaioshin Realm, the most sacred of realms. In that realm, there was the Kaioshin's planet that was so sacred that only Kaioshin and exceptionally people lived there. Well, not everyone.

On one of the vast plains of the Kaioshin planet, there was figure watching some TV. Well, specifically a TV program that few people knew about. "Now, one, two, one, two, one, two! Come ladies you can do it!" instructed the lady trainer on the TV as she and her partners lifted up their legs to stretch out those groin muscles. "Keep going at it!" She instructed again. "Lift those legs!"

"Yes, keep lifting, heh, heh, heh," muttered the figure with a perverted look on his face, drool come down from the side of his mouth. He had the eyes as well, those eyes that came with the perverted look. However, he received a loud yell from behind that caught him completely by surprise.

"Dai (Japanese for Grand) Kaioshin-sama!" screamed the voice, causing the pervert to knock down the TV and accidentally turn it off. The figure turned around, angry that someone interrupted his viewing of his special moment.

"What?" screamed the figure as he looked at the person who screamed at him. The person in front of him had purple skin, pointy ears, long wavy grey hair and grey eyebrows. He wore a strange outfit that consisted of a red vest, light blue long sleeve shirt and pants, an orange cloth around his waist and yellow boots. "You squirt! I was watching my favorite TV show!" screamed the figure.

The other person, who was called Kibit Kaioshin, shook his head. He gave one last look at the person in front of him. This man had the same purple skin and pointy ears as he did but he was much older than he was. Instead of long wavy grey hair, he had a grey mohawk. He wore the same outfit as Kibit Kaioshin but in different colors. His vest was a dark blue color while his boots were red. He wore the same color of shirt and pants as well as the cloth. "Honorable Dai Kaioshin-sama, you should be more respectful of your position. You shouldn't be doing such lewd things," spoke Kibit Kaioshin.

"Hmpf," grumbled the Old Kaioshin. "I don't need to hear that kind of talk from a Kaioshin, 15 generations younger than me, especially when he didn't even rescue me from the Z sword!" Kibit Kaioshin bowed in apology as he suddenly became embarrassed. He fully remembered how the Dai Kaioshin came to be when he had brought Gohan to this realm to take out the Z sword to defeat Majin Boo. But due to an accident (caused by Goku no less), the sword broke in half and freed the old man. The old Kaioshin was still grumpy about that fact that a mortal rescued him rather than a Kaioshin. He usually let it slide though. "Anyways, what is that you want?" asked the old man.

"Well, you see, there is something going on Earth," Kibit Kaioshin replied.

The old man lifted one of his eyebrows in curiosity. "Earth? What happened now?" the old man said. "Let me guess, Goku and Vegeta fought against each other and destroyed the planet or a new evil has appeared and is threatening to destroy the Earth?" The old man said sarcastically, knowing full well that those things couldn't possibly happen…again.

"Well, something like that actually," Kibit Kaioshin responded, catching the Old Kaioshin by surprise. Knowing the old man was going to ask some questions, Kibit Kaioshin continued, "I was looking in the crystal ball, checking up on Goku-san and the others when I saw them participate in this martial arts tournament at a place called Mahora Academy. Apparently they are holding a festival called MahoraFest there and the tournament was part of the spectacles that they were showing."

"Martial Arts tournament huh?" The Old Kaioshin repeated. "Just the sound of that name is making me nervous. I'm guessing that Goku fought against Vegeta then right?" The Kibit Kaioshin nodded. "Then was the whole place destroyed because of them?"

"Well not exactly," Kibit Kaioshin replied. "But that isn't the most important thing Honorable Dai Kaioshin-sama. A mage, by the name of Albiero Imma, brought forth the warrior that Goku-san and Vegeta-san fused together using the Potara earrings."

"What?" the old Kaioshin widened his eyes. It was not possible! No one could have known about that warrior except Goku, Vegeta and them. How did this mage get a hold of Vegetto? "So who did he face against? Goku? Vegeta? The half-pints?"

"No, it was Gohan-san," replied Kibit Kaioshin. "He fought bravely against the Potara fusion of Goku-san and Vegeta-san."

"So who won?" asked the old Kaioshin. But before Kibit Kaioshin could say even the answer, the old man interrupted him. "Actually, never mind, I had an idea who won to tell you the truth."

"Really? Since when?" Kibit Kaioshin asked.

"For a while now," responded the old man. "However, that is not important. There is a much greater problem that we might have to deal with."

"What do you mean Dai Kaioshin-sama?" asked Kibit Kaioshin.

"The Earth maybe in danger," responded the old man, shocking Kibit Kaioshin. "I have been having an uneasy feeling for a while now, a few days to be exact. There is something going on Earth. A new threat perhaps."

"Then I should tell Goku-san and the others!" Kibit Kaioshin as he was about to use his Instantaneous Movement to go to Earth quickly.

However, the old Kaioshin stopped him before it was too late. "Wait! Don't be so hasty young one," said the Dai Kaioshin. "We still don't know if this is a credible threat or not. We shouldn't worry Goku and the others. After all, even if there is a threat, Goku and the others are sure to handle it." Kibit Kaioshin nodded in agreement, knowing full well the capabilities of the Saiyans. However, something else was troubling the old Kaioshin. I don't know what to make of it, the old Kaioshin said to himself. There is a new power growing in the galaxy. It may be even stronger than Majin Boo at his full power or even greater than that by a long ways. I need to look into this situation more deeply before anything bad happens.



* * *



Back on Earth…

"To everyone in the audience thank you for your patronage. Please be careful on your way out!" announced Kazumi as the audience began leaving the shrine. The press kept on looking around for the fighters, especially Negi, Gohan, Goku and Vegeta. They wanted to learn more about their special abilities especially those of the Saiyans since they transformed into Super Saiyans as well as their incredible techniques that could have easily annihilated the entire shrine.

Everyone, luckily, escaped from the press's questionnaire. Goku and Vegeta went off to another direction, the young demi-saiyans went to another, Piccolo was nowhere in sight, but he was good at hiding. Gohan and Kotarou were nowhere to be seen. Negi meanwhile floated above the shrine on his staff as he called for it and went off to the sky. "That sure was a hectic tournament, it was only for a few hours yet so many things happened. The rest of the Mahora festival is still going on full steam like always," he observed. "Well, I should find a safe spot. I don't want to draw suspicion towards me." Well actually he did, as there were some air balloons floating in the sky and had already noticed him. But the boy didn't mind as he settled down on the top of the bridge that looked the Brooklyn Bridge from New York City.

As Negi looked over the festival, his thoughts began to wander to what his father, Nagi Springfield, told him before he disappeared. 'Be yourself' Nagi said. 'And you should stop chasing me.' Negi clenched his fists, not being able to understand what his father was trying to say. Nagi had told him to be his own man, but Negi realized that he couldn't. How could he when all his life was to follow in his father footsteps. Just as he was about to say something, a figure appeared behind the boy teacher, surprising him. "You seem depressed after finally meeting your father, Negi-kun," spoke the voice. Negi turned around to see Ku:Nel Sanders standing before him.

"Ah Al-sa…no Ku:Nel-san," Negi said seeing his father's friend standing before him. "What are you doing here?"

"I came to check up on you Negi-kun," Ku:Nel said with a smile on his face. "And also, to deliver a package as well."

"A package?" asked the boy teacher. Ku:Nel then took out Gohan's figure as he was carrying him. Ku:Nel then dropped the demi-saiyan on the floor gently. "Gohan-san!" Negi cried as he immediately rushed to the demi-saiyan's side. "Are you all right?"

The demi-saiyan looked at the boy teacher and he let out a weak smile. "I-I'm okay Negi-san," Gohan said. "I'm just in a lot of pain." Gohan immediately winced, causing Negi to get worried. He needed to get Gohan to a hospital immediately.

"There is no need to worry Negi-kun," Ku:Nel said. "Gohan-kun is just a little sore and still weak after the fight. I had cured some of his injuries but it seems like I am going to heal you some after all, Gohan-kun."

"That's okay Ku:Nel-san," the demi-saiyan responded as he tried to sit up. "Just give me a few minutes and I'll be back to normal." Though not at 100%, Gohan said to himself. The Kaio-ken really does take a lot out of you. "I'm glad that you found me though Ku:Nel-san. Thank you."

"You're welcome Gohan-kun," Ku:Nel said. Then the hooded man looked at Negi and asked, "Are you alright Negi-kun?"

Negi flinched a bit as he responded, "Oh, I'm fine! Really, I'm happy!" Negi said. "Honestly! Thank you so much! Ku:Nel-san…there's so many things…I…um…well…" Negi was unsure what to say next. Ku:Nel had already done so much for him, showing him his father Nagi to him as well as giving Gohan a worthy opponent. Ku:Nel, in the meantime, took off his hood to reveal a handsome face with long hair.

"Do you want me to fix the wound on your arm?" Ku:Nel asked.

"Eh? Um, well,…I…" Negi said, trying to wave Ku:Nel off.

However, Al…I mean, Ku:Nel Sanders, continued on. "Unlike the one on your cheek, it's quite deep. It may leave a scar if you don't attend to it."

"Umm… if it does, it's okay," the boy teacher responded, causing Ku:Nel to chuckle.

"Really? Is that so…?" Ku:Nel said with a smile on his face. He wants to wear the scar caused by his father, Ku:Nel said to himself. He's twisted in just the right way for my taste. I wonder how Nagi would react to this? Would he laugh, cry or be flabbergasted?

"Um…there are so many things I want to ask, Ku:Nel-san," Negi said as he wanted to learn more on where the Thousand Master was located.

"Me too," Gohan added as he sat up, looking at Nagi's friend. "I would like to know what you meant by those words that spoke of before you transformed into Vegetto-san."

"Let's save that for another time. I would like to look around the school festival after all," Ku:Nel said, causing both boys to lower their heads a bit. Ku:Nel decided to change the subject as he asked the two, "What's next for you two, Negi-kun and Gohan-kun?"

"Oh…um…" Gohan was unsure of the answer as he was put on the spot. He really didn't think about what he was going to do after the Budokai. However, Negi had an answer for Ku:Nel Sanders.

"I was thinking that we would like to relax in a quiet place, so I think me and Gohan-san will attend the Nodate," Negi said. Gohan widened one of his eye brows. Of course, the Nodate! He had completely forgotten about it. Nice save Negi-san, Gohan said to himself.

"A traditional tea ceremony," Ku:Nel said with a smile on his face. "How nice. I'm sure you two will enjoy it. Until next time, Negi-kun, Gohan-kun…" With that, the former hooded man disappeared out of sight. Negi and Gohan stared at the spot at where Ku:Nel once stood. Negi commented how weird Ku:Nel was, which Gohan couldn't agree more. Negi then helped Gohan up and off they went to the Nodate.



* * *



A few minutes later…

"Waa incredible, a Japanese garden!" said an amazed Negi as he and Gohan began to look around the tranquil setting for the ceremony, which had a small pond and bridge over it. Very traditional and very quiet. A perfect opportunity for Negi to relax a bit and for Gohan to heal some of his injuries.

"Ah Gohan-sensei, Negi-sensei," greeted Chachamaru in her kimono.

"Chachamaru-san!" greeted the two teachers to the robot.

"Thank you two for coming," Chachamaru said. "How are your injuries?"

"I'm fine. Gohan-san had a little trouble earlier but he is okay now," Negi said with Gohan giving a nod of agreement to everything the boy teacher said. "Thank you for asking."

"And thank you for having us," added the demi-saiyan. "We know that you've been quite busy with announcing the tournament and all. And…" But before Gohan could continue any further, there were some loud noises approaching. A nervous sweat appeared on Gohan's face as he knew what was coming.

Suddenly, the girls of Class 3-A that were sitting at the roof during the Budokai came rushing in, tackling both teachers to the ground. Gohan inadvertently screamed out in pain, causing some of the girls to back off. Gohan waved it off as nothing as all the girls surrounded the two teachers and began their questions and comments. Gohan and Negi couldn't process who was saying what as the comments were coming from all directions:

"Negi-kun, Gohan-kun, your matches were amazing! Seriuosly!"

"We were so surprised! Especially on Gohan-kun transforming into such a handsome blondie!"

"How much of that was real?"

"It was so cool, like watching those movies with CGI! Do you two know Kung Fu?"

"When did you set it all up with Chao?"

"When you two and the others flew off into the air, were you guys wired from a hot-air balloon or something?

"Negi-kun there's something we want to ask," Madoka said as Negi and Gohan were able to discern from her voice as she spoke in front of their faces. "About your father? Is the story true? That's he's missing and stuff?"

"Yeah, was he that guy that you fought in the semi-finals?" Yuna continued. "People are saying it was a fake."

A tear appeared on Negi's face, suddenly remembering the experience. The girls immediately regretted saying that part as Ayaka chewed them out. Gohan was about to step in, but luckily Negi did so first as he said, "The story about my father…is true. The man I fought in the end was real, but he also wasn't." This got the girls confused as to what Negi meant by that. Gohan knew exactly what he meant as he was surprised at Negi's eagerness to reveal such intimate details. He didn't have to worry about Negi revealing that he was a mage, otherwise he would be turned to an ermine.

"Wow Negi-kun has had a tough life. And even now you don't know where you dad is," Makie said as she was in anime tears. "How sad!"

"Gohan-kun, how come there isn't anything on you?" Yuuna asked with a slick smile on her face. Then everyone's attention turned to Gohan as they were curious about him as well such as his transformations and incredibly powerful techniques.

"Yeah Gohan-kun, what's your secret?" Misa added. "How are you so strong? And how come you are in so much pain? What happened?"

Gohan flinched as he tried to come up with an answer. It was like Chisame's inquisition earlier, only there was more than one girl and no viable way to change the subject. "Well…" Gohan as he began to contemplate an answer. He immediately looked at Negi for help but he was too busy talking with Makie and some of the other girls. "You guys remembered about the green man, Ma Junior?" The girls nodded as they couldn't forget about such a figure. I mean, the guy was green for God's sake! "Well…he was my sensei you see. A long time ago so I learned how to fight. My Dad is a martial artist and he also taught me how to fight. But the parts about me transforming and such are…" Gohan was going to regret saying this, "fake. I had talked with Chao-san beforehand in order to bring a lot of interest in the Budokai. I suggested that we used the tricks that were made famous by Mister Satan-san after he pointed them out during the Cell games. The injury that I sustained was from a mishap with the wires and props. It is nothing to be worried about." The girls looked at their assistant teacher in awe. It had to be an elaborate plan because there was no way that people could transform, fly around and give out devastating attacks that could destroy the world. It had to be fake.

Gohan let out a sigh. The girls bought it thank God, Gohan said to himself as he looked at the girls' faces. However, the demi-saiyan failed to notice one look…Yuna's. She definitely didn't buy it. She knew something was definitely up. Gohan wasn't the kind of person to do a scam or try to lie to his students. She wasn't going to ask him about it right now of course. Maybe during their date later on in the festival.

"Oh okay…Let's drink" cheered Makie with the others agreeing.

"We managed to get second and third place with our senseis so let's celebrate it. And we can also double it as a Negi-kun support party and have a blast," cheered Misa as she and Shiina took out their pompoms.

"Gohan, Negi-sensei it's time," said Chachamaru, grabbing both teacher's attentions.

"Yes thank you Chachamaru-san," Negi said. "We shouldn't be drinking right now." Gohan couldn't agree more as he and Negi then asked the girls to join them for the Nodate. However, some of them were unsure what a Nodate was. They joined in anyways, seeing it as a good way to have some fun during the festival.



* * *



Later…

"Thanks for helping me with this," Negi said as Chachamaru began to unbutton his shirt and pants, causing the boy teacher to have an embarrassed blush on his face. Gohan meanwhile was on the other side of the room, trying to get changed as well; however he was having a difficult time due to his injuries. "Chachamaru-san, why don't you help Gohan-san out?" asked the boy teacher.

The robot girl was unsure what to do. She wanted to help Negi out in dressing up but at the same time, she couldn't deny a request from her teacher. She gave a nod as she got up and walked over to Gohan's spot and started to help the demi-saiyan to dress. "Thank you Chachamaru," Gohan said with a blush of embarrassment on his face. "I'm sorry that you have to do this for me. To be honest, I haven't worn one of these in a long time."

"It's okay Gohan-sensei," Chachamaru said as she helped take off Gohan's shirt. She immediately noticed the bruises and scars on Gohan's back. The robot girl shook her head and continued on. She then said, "You two were wonderful today. Your performance was amazing, during all of your matches, I noticed that your techniques continued to improve, especially you Gohan-sensei."

"Huh? What do you mean Chachamaru-san?" asked the demi-saiyan.

"After every tough match, your power seemed to increase greatly," Chachamaru replied. "Why is that? Is because of your Saiyan blood like Master keeps on talking about?"

Gohan let out an innocent smile as he responded to the robot girl's inquiries. "You could say that." Then Chachamaru began to look over Gohan's body and noticed several injuries that were not healed. How could this be? She wondered. An ordinary man would have fallen due to these injuries, she said to herself. Gohan-sensei, you are much stronger in power and constitution than I originally thought you would be.

Then suddenly all three of them heard a knock on the door. "Hey Chachamaru-san are you there? There are still things I want to ask you abo-" Chisame opened the door as Chachamaru was putting the kimono shirt on Gohan's naked chest. The two blinked at Chisame, who was now currently wearing cat ears before she slammed the door closed. "Pardon me," she said as Chachamaru realized how it looked and ran out to her.

"Chisame-san, I think there may be a grave misunderstanding," Chachamaru called to Chisame as she was fast-walking away

"I'm not misunderstanding whatever, just stop following me" she said back as Gohan and Negi walked out of the building, still slightly undressed.

"Chisame-san won't you stay for the outdoor tea ceremony?" asked Gohan as he suddenly appeared in front Chisame.

"Don't follow me!" Chisame said with an annoyed tone of voice and blush on her as he blocked off her escape with those amazing muscles of his. Chisame shook those thoughts out as she tried to figure out what to do next.



* * *



A few minutes later…

"Ah Negi-kun, Gohan-sensei," said Makie as she and Yuuna spotted the two boys dressed with Chachamaru and Chisame following behind them. Damn it how did he talk me into this? Chisame wondered to herself as there was a blush on her face. She then gave a look at Gohan, who had the usual Son grin on his face. Still…he looks nice.

"Tadaa how do we look?" asked Yuuna as she, Makie, Fuka, Fumika, Ako, Akira, Misa, Sakurako, Madoka and Ayaka all stood in formal kimonos. Gohan and Negi gaped at the sight with the demi-saiyan having a blush on his face, noticing how cute everyone looked.

"Everyone is dressed up so pretty," Negi said as he clapped his hands together.

"You're right Negi-san. They all look like graceful beauties with those kimonos," added Gohan making several of them blush in embarrassment. However, in their minds, they were clenching their fists in happiness at getting Gohan to say they were cute. Gohan then turned to Chisame and said, "You too Chisame-san. For a modern girl, you look pretty in old style clothing." Chisame's blush went redder at the comment.

"Shall we start the ceremony then?" Negi asked.

Chachamaru gave a nod. "Yes over here, but please remain quiet." Everyone then sat down and Chachamaru began to make the tea. Then she handed Gohan and Negi their tea. They brought their cups to theirs mouths, taking a small sniff before drinking, all the while looking very peaceful, especially on Gohan's part. His mother had taught him well on the etiquette of table manners. The girls looked in awe at seeing him and Negi look so mature. They stared at the enigma of their teacher.

"It was very delicious Chachamaru-san," Gohan said as he placed the cup before the robot girl.

Chachamaru bowed slightly in appreciation. "Thank you very much" she replied with a smile.

"Wow…Gohan-kun looks so handsome like that," whispered Shiina as the girls began to murmur between themselves. "I wonder how he got to be so mature and educated."

"Yeah but I still wonder who he really is though," added Madoka. "We know about Negi-kun but what about Gohan-kun's past? All we heard from him was that his family practices the martial arts. That seems kind of boring."

"I know, however I'm glad he's around our age," Misa said as she stared at the demi-saiyan, remembering full well about their date earlier in the festival. "Charming, handsome, kind, considerate and protective; he fills all the criteria for a perfect boyfriend. He doesn't even need to be raised up like Negi-kun would if we wanted to date him since he will be with us for a while. Plus, he's single!" The girls nodded in agreement as they all gave out jealous glares at each other. All of them thought to themselves, I will be the first to be Gohan's girlfriend!

So began the competition to get Gohan's attention through the tea, just like it was with the food competition that ChiChi did with them before. "Gohan-kun would you like some more tea?" asked Shiina with a smile on her face.

"Yes I would Sakurako-san," Gohan said with a smile as he accepted the cup. The other girl's jaws dropped seeing her before heading forward themselves and Negi silently thanking his lucky stars, he wasn't too popular as he watched Gohan accept all the tea with a happy look on his face. Otherwise, something comical would have happened and all hell would have broken loose. Gohan used his hands to get the girls to calm down. "Girls calm down, I'm not going anywhere okay," he said chuckling but he immediately winced in pain but not enough to be noticeable by the girls. Gotta keep the laughing to a minimum, Gohan said to himself. I still haven't fully healed yet. I should go Evangeline-san's resort to rest for a bit.

Then the girls, specifically Ayaka, began to talk with Negi about his father. If it was true that he was missing, then all the girls will try their best in helping find Negi's missing father. Gohan added in as well, saying that he and his friends will do the best they can to help find and locate the real Nagi Springfield. Negi thanked everyone. Everyone smiled at the appreciation and it was happy moment for everyone. However that moment was broken from cries of the media. "Geh the media, they really came!" Yuuna said. "Negi-kun, Gohan-kun, run away we'll hold them back!" The two teachers nodded as Gohan and Negi set off while the girls held off the media by offering them tea which incidentally formed a small wall.

As Negi and Gohan began to run away, they heard a voice from behind the boulders. "Gohan-sensei, Negi-sensei," called Chachamaru.

"Please come here quickly," said Chisame who was standing next to the robot girl.



* * *



A few minutes later of escaping from the press…

"Thank you very much Chisame-san, Chachamaru-san" Negi said as he, Gohan and the girls were now in regular clothes. Negi seemed to be staring off, however this time he had a smile on his face. The smile was a wee bit worrisome from Gohan's standpoint. It was like what happened after the battle with Wilhelm all over again.

"Is there something wrong?" asked Chachamaru.

"Huh? Oh no. I…realized I wasn't thinking properly," Negi said. "Even though he wasn't real, seeing my father like that…all I could think of was to follow in my father's footsteps. I realized everyone is so concerned for me, yet I had been thinking of only myself again. I have my students and my job as a teacher that needs to be done well so I can become a Magister Magi. That was what I set out to do, not just to become more powerful. And at the end of all of that…I will follow in your footsteps, Father." As the boy teacher looked up in the sky, he felt a pat on his shoulder. He turned around to see it was Gohan who did it. "Gohan-san?"

"Negi-san, as long as it's your path and you keep everyone beside you, you'll find him okay," Gohan said with his usual Son grin as Negi nodded. Chachamaru smiled a little seeing the interaction.

"Hmm…you look awfully happy somehow," commented Chisame seeing Chachamaru's face.

"Eh, no," blushed the robot girl.

A few minutes later…

In an outside café, Chisame and Chachamaru were silently sipping their tea. "Um/Um," both of them said at the same time, breaking the awkward silence that was going on between them. Negi and Gohan were nowhere to be seen at the moment while Chisame and Chachamaru were all alone.

"G-go ahead Chisame-san," Chachamaru said.

"It's no big deal," Chisame insisted

"No, Chisame-san goes ahead first," said Chachamaru bluntly.

Chisame sighed as she began to talk. "So…are you really a robot? Considering the current level of technology, it's hard to believe a robot of your sophistication could exist," Chisame said

"Yes, I am a robot. I am a gynoid, an android in feminine form, to be specific. My creators are geniuses, which is reflected in my technological sophistication," Chachamaru explained. "Although, there have been others before me."

"Others?" Chisame asked, curious as to what the robot girl meant by others. Could there be more than one of hers out there? Impossible.

"Yes," Chachamaru replied. "I am not the first of my kind you see. A scientists by the name of Doctor Gero created beings called Artificial Humans. They were the first. However, their purpose was for fighting rather than use for everyday use."

"Fighting against who?"

"I don't know. That information is classified and it is not in my programming to do such illegal actions," Chachamaru said, however, she was lying about the true purpose of the Artificial Humans. She definitely knew that they were created for the sole purpose of killing Son Goku but because Chisame was a mundane, she felt that it was unnecessary to reveal more information than she had already found out.

"Well, it's not like I've really talked to you before…not that the subject really interests me," Chisame said as she was scratching her head. "How well do you get along with Negi-sensei and Gohan-sensei?"

"Get along? If you're inquiring about the relationship being satisfactory…I spend every night with them as their partner," Chachamaru said. "Judging by their general happiness, I do believe our relationship is quite satisfactory." This made Chisame topple the table over as she fell from her chair in shock at the statement that Chachamaru just said.

"Wai…what…partner?" Chisame said, red faced like her hair with her tea trickling down from her head.

"Yes, we have practiced in combat from time to time. Gohan-sensei and Negi-sensei go at it for a few hours before switching up with me. When alone with Negi-sensei though, six to seven hours of extensive hand-to-hand combat practice," Chachamaru said as she was still on her seat. Then she realized the meaning of her comments maybe could have been taken another way when she noticed how Chisame reacted to her words. "Um…I think there's a misunderstanding here?"

"No, not really," Chisame said as she tried to save face.

Chachamaru tilted her head as she said, "Uh…Chisame-san, it seems like you…also have a positive relationship with Negi-sensei and Gohan-sensei." This caused Chisame to fall once again from her seat in face-planting form.

"W-W-W-Whom did you say I was close with whom…?" Chisame asked. "I don't have that kind of relationship with Negi-sensei! What would Gohan-sensei think?"

"Think of what Chisame-san?" Gohan asked as he and Negi appeared right behind her, surprising the girl. She immediately freaked out, thinking that maybe Gohan had heard the last part. Luckily he didn't.

"Uwaa I-I-It ain't nothing… I mean it's nothing!" Chisame said shocked. Gohan and Negi looked at each other with confused looks on their faces. They were curious as to why Chisame was throwing such a fit. Oh well, it didn't matter right now.

"I hope Ayaka-san and the others are all right. They let us get away," said a concerned Negi.

"I think they went back to the classroom," Chisame responded. "Since it seems like they skipped their shift at the horror house to come here and see your matches Negi-sensei and Gohan-sensei."

"Huh? Is that so?" Gohan said. He didn't realize that the girls had skipped out on the booth. He was going to have to have a talk with them. It wasn't in his nature to be upfront about this kind of stuff but he really didn't want to get an ear full from Nitta-sensei about not being strict with the girls.

Chisame let out a sigh. "Negi-sensei, are you sure you want to spend time with us?" asked Chisame. "With everything that happened at the tournament, wouldn't you prefer to be alone with Gohan-sensei instead of with us?"

"What do you mean Chisame-san? I'm perfectly fine," Negi said with a smile. Gohan and Chisame immediately knew that was a fake smile. Gohan was about to say something but stopped when Chisame barged in and hit Negi in the head, surprising him and Chachamaru.

"Chisame-san!" Gohan cried. "What was that for?"

"It's creepy seeing a kid with a fake smile," Chisame said. "I know that you noticed it earlier Gohan-sensei but I decided to take the initiative. It creeps me out. Anyways, that guy that was with at the semi-finals…was really your father, wasn't he?" Negi and Gohan flinched as nervous sweats began to appear on their faces. "I could tell from watching your reaction."

"Chisame-san…" muttered both Negi and Gohan in unison, not expecting Chisame to be able to pick it up so quickly.

"I don't the specifics but that guy was a phantom of your father. That was magic, right?" Chisame said with a serious look on her face. Gohan and Negi began to sweat bullets here and panic a little. "Spare me your excuses. You even said, 'Magister Magi' earlier. I looked it up on the net. Magister is the Latin word for 'Master' and Magi is 'Mage.' If you're trying to keep it a secret, you need to be more careful, sensei." Gohan gave himself a face palm and shook his head. Negi-san, sometimes you need to be careful of your surroundings, Gohan said to himself. Of course, I am no position to tell him because it happened to me with Videl-san. "So…" continued Chisame, "with this information, Negi-sensei and Gohan-sensei, you two are mages aren't you?"

Gohan and Negi gasped with Negi trembling in fear. Chisame had found out that he was a mage! He was definitely going to turn into an ermine. They looked at Chachamaru for some help but she simply said that she had figured it out all on her own during the tournament and the conversation with Negi earlier. "Ch-Chisame-san, please keep this a secret!" cried a panicked Negi. "If it gets out, I'll be turned into an ermine!"

"What is with that punishment? This isn't some dumb magical girl show, you know," Chisame retorted. "And what about you Gohan-sensei? Will you turn into an ermine as well?"

"Um…uh…well…" Gohan said as he tried to figure out how to say his answer. He let out a sigh. No point in lying right now really. "I won't since I'm actually half an alien that knows the martial arts, not a mage."

Chisame looked at her assistant teacher strangely before letting out a fit of laughter. "Hah, hah, hah, you can't be serious Gohan-sensei," Chisam said. "I said no excuses either. So why are giving such an obvious lie to me? I told you that I already figured you guys out."

"But I'm not lying," Gohan insisted. "I really am an alien. Well technically half."

"Really? What a lack of originality," Chisame said. "I was expecting this from the brat but not from you, Gohan-sensei."

"But Chisame-san, Gohan-sensei speaks the truth," Chachamaru intervened. "He really is an alien."

"He is a Saiyan," Negi added.

"Really now?" Chisame said, still not believing that Gohan really was an alien. That's not possible was it? Think about it, Chisame said to herself. If mages exist, then other supernatural beings could exist too. But I highly doubt that aliens that look like us humans exist amongst us. Aren't they supposed to have big heads, big black eyes and grey skin? Why would Gohan-sensei say such a blatant lie like that? He should be smarter than this. After all, he… She shook her head to get back on the subject. "Either way, Negi-sensei, you finally got to see your father. It should have been a major event for you. You need to take some time alone to think about this. This isn't the time to think about your students and spend your time with us." Chisame grabbed her bag and went off. "Later. I have to go."

"Chisame-san wait!" called Negi. "Th-Thank you very much, Chisame-san. But…I'm all right, really. Thanks to everyone, I think I've come to terms with things," he said which incidentally earned him another smack from her.

Negi was confused as to why he was hit again. Gohan definitely wished he was the one to do it, not Chisame. He was going to have to congratulate her later on. "Like you can figure things out so easily," she said with an irritated look on her face. "People are often wrong when they claim they've gotten over or figured something, you brat. People don't change so easily. If it's a big issue, you don't try to get over it. You hold it inside and move on. Got it?"

Gohan chuckled at her ideology, seeing Negi's shocked expression but on some level agreed with Chisame on certain things. He knew from experience that when you keep hold of events that happened in the past as well as the present, they can easily remind you what was important in life such as the day after Son Goku died when he took an exploding Cell to Kaio-sama's planet. His experiences with his friends and Piccolo have also taught him that as well. "A-Anyway, I have to get going!" Chisame said as she started to walk away from the group.

Suddenly though, the group heard voices. They turned their heads to see a large mob of media in the same area as they were. Oh crap! Gohan said to himself as the reporters spotted them. "Oh! They are over there! Challengers Negi and Gohan we'd like to interview you two!" said the members of the media.

"Damn it they found us," Gohan said. "It's time to bail Negi-san!" Negi nodded agreement as all of them started to head towards the railing. Gohan immediately grabbed Chisame without thinking and put her in his arms, bridal style.

"Let me down now!" Chisame demanded, blushing at how close she was to Gohan. She was desperately trying not to give in her instinct to snuggle in his chest. Then, they all jumped from the balcony to the floor while Gohan stayed momentarily in-flight so as to not injure Chisame. We jumped? Chisame said to herself. There's no tricks or wires here! However as they dropped down Negi and Gohan were swamped by fans of the media and were forced to run away again.

After a few minutes of running into various groups, ranging from reporters, fan club members to people who wanted to be Negi's and Gohan's disciples, the group took a breather near a Ferris wheel. "Hff…hff…this whole thing is out of control," panted Negi.

"Yeah no kidding," Gohan said as he panted as well. His breaths were heavy though because of the pain from the Kaio-ken was still lingering in his body. "There's nowhere we can go in the academy."

"Let's get on that Ferris wheel and take a break," Chisame said, pointing to the Ferris wheel. Everyone nodded in agreement.

"Good idea Chisame-san," Gohan responded with his usual Son grin on his face which caused the girl to blush on sight. "The press won't be able to chase up there."

The group then climbed onto the ride and sat down, releasing a sigh of relief. "Phew! We can finally catch our breath now," Negi said.

"Yes," Chachamaru confirmed. Chisame, meanwhile, was realizing that she'd been dragged along which in fact she didn't want to! Hey! Chisame said to herself. Why am I hanging around with them? This isn't my problem. Chachamaru sat next to Negi while Chisame sat next to Gohan. It wasn't on purpose of course as it was rushed and they didn't have time to plan the seating arrangements. The others didn't know it but Chisame was blushing at being sat next to Gohan. Chisame swore that she was going to die here of embarrassment.

Luckily though, Negi stopped her and said in fear, "Um…Chisame-san, uh…a-about the magic thing…"

"Hmm, ah I won't tell anyone about it, please don't worry," she said simply. "Plus I highly doubt that anyone would believe me. Especially the alien part which I still don't believe!" Gohan bowed his head slightly in disappointment. But it's the truth! Gohan said to himself.

"Is that so…that's great," Negi said, letting out a huge sigh of relief. "I'm sorry…about the meaning behind your words earlier, Chisame-san…the 'big issue and not trying to get over it' and all…"

"Oh, there's no real deep meaning," Chisame responded. "It's just that you're not obligated to resolve big issues quickly, that's all," Chisame said, noticing Negi's and Gohan's head drooping.

"I see… you're right," Negi said. "I get it. You're right…you're sharp Chiu-san." Negi then began to move around, wobbling from place to place. Gohan thought it was the ride doing but in fact it was tiredness as Negi's head fell on Chachamaru's lap much to her shock.

"Negi-san must…be really…ti…re…d," Gohan said before falling and leaning against Chisame's shoulder, much to her shock as he fell asleep as well. Chisame tried to push the demi-saiyan off her and have him lean against the wall or something but he was damn too heavy.

"Gohan-sensei must weight a ton," Chisame muttered. "I would think that he wouldn't go out like a light like Negi-sensei."

"The two of them are tired. They used up a lot of their energy in the Budokai especially Gohan-sensei," Chachamaru said as she patted on Negi's head. "I amazed that, with all the injuries that he has, Gohan-sensei was able to move around like he did. They worked very hard today."

Chisame lifted one of her eyebrows at the statement that Chachamaru made earlier. "What do you mean injuries?" Chisame asked. "Gohan-sensei looks perfectly healthy to me."

"He may seem healthy but his body is a mess right now," Chachamaru replied. "While his life threatening injuries have been healed, there are some areas of his body that haven't been healed. Some of his muscles have been torn to shreds. I'm surprised that he is moving at all."

"What do you mean 'muscles torn to shreds'?" Chisame asked with a curious look on her face. "He fought against Ku:Nel and was simply beaten by him. How could he have torn his muscles?"

"He used a technique called the Kaio-ken."

"The Kaio-whatnow?"

"Do you remember the crimson aura that surrounded Gohan-sensei during the final match?" Chisame nodded. "That is the Kaio-ken. The Kaio-ken is a technique that Gohan-sensei uses only in desperate situations," Chachamaru replied. "I don't know the specific details about the technique, but according to my scanners, his power, speed and senses are increased by drawing out power from within. However, the consequences could be catastrophic if something were to go wrong," explain Chachamaru. "Because of the increase in those areas, the muscles of the body are pushed to the limit. In this case, most of Gohan's muscles have been torn."

"I see," Chisame said as she looked at the demi-saiyan with a worried look on her face. She didn't realize that Gohan was in so much pain. Maybe she could take it a bit easier with him after he wakes up. "But then if his muscles have been torn, how is he able to move around so well?"

"He seems to be moving around by sheer will," Chachamaru replied. "I am amazed as you are Chisame-san. The constitution of the Saiyan anatomy is sure very interesting."

"There you go again with the 'Saiyan' part," Chisame said. "I can't believe that Gohan-sensei has even got you and Negi-sensei to back up with his lies. There are no such things as Saiyans and there is no way Gohan-sensei is an alien."

"But Gohan-sensei was telling the truth," Chachamaru said. "He is part alien. His father, Son Goku, is a full blood Saiyan and not from Earth."

"Wait, hold up," Chisame said, holding up her hand. "You are saying that Gohan-sensei's dad is an alien?" The lies just kept on piling up, she thought.

Chachamaru nodded. "Not only him, but there are others like his little brother Goten. How would you be able to explain their ability to transform into a Super Saiyan?"

"Super…Saiyan? What's that?"

"The transformation into the blonde warrior with the jade eyes. You have seen it before haven't you? All the Saiyan warriors showed it during the Budokai," Chachamaru deadpanned as if there was no other explanation needed. Then it hit Chisame like a shockwave. Gohan was indeed telling the truth!

"So…wait…you're telling that Gohan could transform like that because he is an alien?"

"Why, yes," Chachamaru responded. "How else would he and his friends be able to transform so easily?" Chisame was unsure on how to respond. Chachamaru kept on going on with her explanation, "Though it is not my place to say but Gohan-sensei and his family are the last few remnants of his race."

"What?" Chisame asked.

"The Saiyans are extinct," Chachamaru said. "There is only a few left. Actually, there is one he…" Suddenly, Chachamaru received a shock to her head as she was about to blurt out something important. Chisame was about to go over there and ask what happened but Chachamaru brushed it aside, saying, "It's nothing. I'll check upon it later."

"I see," Chisame said as she looked outside the window, getting a good view of the academy. The Ferris wheel was sure going slow as they didn't even reach the top yet. Then there was an awkward silence between the two girls while the boys were sleeping. Chisame couldn't believe that Gohan was really an alien. She was going to have to ask him more about this later. But right now, she was a wee bit more curious on the young boy teacher, Negi Springfield and his magic. "So, I have a question," Chisame said, breaking the silence between the two of them. "How many people in our class know about them?"

"Oh…? The number? To my knowledge, excluding you Chisame-san…there's mistress, Hakase, Chao-san, Sayo-san, Sakura-san, Ayase-san, Asuna-san…16-17 people, I believe. Four of them have a probationary contract with Negi-sensei," said Chachamarua.

"That's more than half the class!" Chisame exclaimed, wondering how she hadn't found out about this any sooner. Are you serious? Chisame said to herself. I think I want to transfer to another school. "And so are all of them helping Gohan-sensei and Negi-sensei in some way or another?" Chisame asked the robot. "Like helping Negi-sensei finding his father."

"I don't know about that. Currently there are no leads, and some people may not have such intentions," pondered Chachamaru.

"What about you?" asked Chisame.

"My position is currently rather delicate," replied Chachamaru. "Will you help Negi-sensei and Gohan-sensei then, Chisame-san?"

"Ha! You're kidding right? I'm not a team player! The idea of working with others creeps me out," scoffed Chisame. "Still…wait…you said something about a probationary contract…what's that?"

"That…would be this," Chachamaru said, taking the pactios from Negi's pocket which revealed four pactio cards that had the pictures of Asuna, Konoka, Setsuna and Nodoka on them. "By making a contract with a mage, they receive a card like this, and a powerful magical item," explained the robot girl. "This allows them to be a partner to the mage and provide support."

"Kagurazaka, Konoe, Sakurazaki and Miyazaki huh?" Chisame said as she inspected the cards. "How come Gohan-sensei doesn't have any?"

"That's because Gohan-sensei isn't a mage and has no background in magic," Chachamaru replied. "He can't form a contract unless it is with someone who is proficient in magic or has a mage's blood within them."

"I see," Chisame said, somehow relieved but she didn't know why. "And how is the contract established?"

"The contract is established through a kiss," Chachamaru told Chisame.

Chisame nodded before the words reached her brain. As soon as it did, she exclaimed, "Hmm…a kiss, huh…A KISS!" Chachamaru nodded. "And what! These four have…with Negi-sensei?"

"That's right," Chachamaru said. "It's simply kissing a ten-year-old boy." Chisame sighed as she realized that her fit was not really necessary as Chachamaru did have a point with just kissing a ten year old boy. It shouldn't mean anything. "The situation was life-threatening when the contract was made."

"Life…you mean that life? As in staying alive? That life?" Chisame asked, making sure that she heard the right words coming out of Chachamaru's mouth.

"Life. The opposite of death," Chachamaru said as if reading from the dictionary.

"Things can get that dangerous?" asked a shocked Chisame.

"Getting involved in magic means getting involved in the hidden world as well, so yes," Chachamaru said.

Chisame began to ponder on what Chachamaru just told her. Life, huh? Chisame said to herself. I really want to dig deeper, more so on Gohan-sensei's side than I originally thought, but we'll leave that aside for now. Negi-sensei really wants to find his father that badly huh? She continued to ponder to herself before looking at Chachamaru's eyes and saying with conviction in her voice, "I've changed my mind. I think I want to help them both. We should do the probationary contract now, I think."

This shocked the robot girl a bit, especially on how Chisame just said that with no regard of the possibility of kissing him. "Really?" Chachamaru said. "D-Does that mean…you want to kiss Negi-sensei right now?"

"He's only a ten year old kid so it's not a big deal, right?" Chisame said with a smirk on her face. "I'm curious about this powerful magical item. I mean, I don't owe Negi-sensei my help, but…it might be interesting to fight against you…Chachamaru-san." This completely shocked the robot girl who was expressionless while air around them was silent for a few seconds. It was over when Chisame started to chuckle. "Pff…hahaha! I'm only joking," Chisame said. "You think I'd go to that much trouble for this?"

"Chi-Chisame-san…c-could it be that you are in love with Negi-sensei?" Chachamaru asked a little apprehensively.

Chisame blushed at the comment. "How did you get there?" shouted Chisame. "I said it was a joke! A joke! I just want to pick on you a bit, that's all! Besides what would Gohan-sensei think about that comment?"

"S-So…you are in love with Gohan-sensei then?" Chachamaru asked which caused Chisame to blush even redder.

"Now where did you get that idea?" shouted the embarrassed girl. As a result of the shouting done by Chisame, the boys woke up.

"Huh what's going on?" mumbled the demi-saiyan. Once Chisame and Gohan looked at each other's eyes, they immediately blushed. Gohan apologized profusely as he noticed that he slept on Chisame's shoulder by accident.

Chisame meanwhile was having a fit. "I'm an ordinary person!" she yelled. "I have no desire to hang out with weirdos like you people!" Chisame then moved her eyes towards the window and she noticed something down below. There was a large mob of reporters waiting for them! "Damn! Look down there! The press is down there! They found us! If we gout we're gonna lose the entire day with them."

"Thinking about it now, the Ferris wheel was a mouse trap wasn't it?" said Chachamaru

"Maybe a little," commented Gohan.

"C-Chisame-san's the one who told is to get on. What do we do now?" Negi cried in worry as he started to panic. He didn't want to be interviewed by such an amount of people as well as having the possibility of turning into an ermine.

"How am I supposed to know? If you two are such skilled people or whatever then hurry up and do something about this!" Chisame exclaimed, not liking having the blame put on her.

"I'm not sure magic will help us out here much, Chisame-san" Gohan said.

"Shall I blow them away with my beam?" suggested Chachamaru. Negi quickly shot that idea down as he didn't want to get people hurt in the process.

Gohan then began to ponder, but then he noticed something in Negi's pocket. His mouth turned into a smile as suddenly something came into his mind. "No, I think I have an idea," Gohan said as he gathered up the group to discuss the plan.



* * *



Meanwhile…

"Contestant Negi…contestant Gohan, which of these girls are your girlfriends?" asked the reporters as they waited at the door. The door opened, revealing the two girls, an older looking Negi and a blonde Gohan who had the trademark jade eyes to go along with his hair.

"Is something the matter?" asked Gohan, his jade eyes looking at the reporters, causing some of the females in the mob to blush.

"Ah no. Sorry, wrong person" said one of the female reporters.

"Hey, what's going on? I could have sworn they were in there," said another reporter confused as Chisame, Chachamaru, a grown-up Negi and a Super Saiyan Gohan tried to sneak away.

"They're not in the next one either!" exclaimed one reporter.

"Hey, hold on," said one of the reporters as he noticed some similarities to the people that they just saw to the challengers they were looking for. "Didn't those guys look a little like contestant Negi and Gohan?" Upon hearing this though, the four decided to make a run for it. "Ah they're running away! After them!"

The reporters and the media mob began to run after Negi and the others. However, they were no match for their speed and evasiveness. Eventually Gohan, Negi, Chachamaru and Chisame all stopped by an entrance to the river ducts. Luckily the news mob wasn't following so they were safe for the moment. "Phew looks like we lost them," said Negi rubbing his head.

"It appears we have misled them as well," commented Chachamaru.

"So that's magic and your Super Sai-whatyoumaycallit transformation…even after seeing it with my own eyes I still don't believe it," Chisame said.

"Yes, the red one turns you into an adult and the blue one will turn you into a child," explained Negi as he held the bottle of pills in front of Chisame.

Gohan let out a sigh of relief. "I'm glad that you accepted the truth," said the demi-saiyan as he was panting a bit. He let out a breath, causing him to go back to his normal state. Due to his injuries on his muscles, he couldn't keep his Super Saiyan transformation for long. It would hurt too much.

"Yeah, Chachamaru-san told me the whole deal, especially how badly you are hurt because of the Kaio-ken technique," Chisame said. Gohan widened his eyebrows.

"Where did you hear that?" Gohan asked.

"The robot girl told me all about it," Chisame replied. "I'm not going to divulge into your decision but you should be more careful about how you fight Gohan-sensei. A lot of people care about you."

"I'll keep that in mind. Thanks Chisame-san," Gohan said with a Son grin on his face that caused Chisame to blush.

"Baka," Chisame muttered. "Anyways, I still can't believe that those pills can simply change your age and appearance at the drop of a hat."

"Does Chisame-can want to try one too?" asked Negi.

"Who the hell would try out a weird drug like that…" Chisame said angrily

"It's guaranteed to be safe. Here," said Chachamaru as she launched a blue pill into Chisame's open mouth. Incidentally, she swallowed in shock. In a puff of smoke stood a much younger Chisame her clothes fall off due to her shrinkage. "I think it suits yo-UGH!" Chachamaru was cut off via a punch by the tiny Chisame. Negi and Gohan sweat-dropped at the sight. Even though she was small, Chisame could still dish out a devastating punch especially to Chachamaru.

"What the hell were you doing? You dumbass robot!" shouted the chibi Chisame.

"Chisame-san don't worry the effects are temporary, now let's go get som– " Negi said before being punched by Chisame in the face as well.

"That's not the problem you asshole!" Chisame yelled. Gah! Chisame said to herself. Stick my nose inside a bit and look what happens! Magic? Gimme a break! I can't take this. Hanging with these guys is gonna endanger my normal teen life!

Gohan let out a smile as he took everything that was going on with happiness. He was really glad to have come to Mahora and teach at this school. He had made many friends whom he cared for a lot. The demi-saiyan turned to the grown-up version of Negi Springfield and asked, "So Negi-san, are you doing okay?"

"Eh? What do you mean Gohan-san?" Negi responded as he was confused as to what Gohan was trying to ask.

"I mean, are you okay with not having a little alone time to go over these thoughts about your father?" Gohan said more clearly with Chisame giving a nod, agreeing to Gohan's question.

"Yes I'm fine, for real this time," Negi said with a smile on his face. "Chisame-san's advice was a great help. I'm sure I can manage, plus if I take the time off to be alone right now, the school festival will be over."

Gohan nodded and gave out a smile as he patted the grown-up version of Negi on the shoulder. "I'm proud of Negi-san," said the demi-saiyan. "I know it has been hard for you but we are all here for you if you ever need some help."

Negi nodded. "Thank you Gohan-san," responded the boy teacher. "By the way, what are you going to do now Gohan-san? Do you have any plans?"

Gohan put his hand to his chin as he began to ponder on that. He didn't have his schedule with him, but he remembered the details intimately (the skill came as a result of Chichi's home tutoring). He let out a smile as he remembered what he was going to do next. "I think I will go and see Misa-san, Shiina-san, Madoka-san and Ako-san's concert."

"That's right!" Negi said happily. "We should do that next."

"Do what?" Chisame said, irritated that she was going to have to come along with them now. This just keeps getting worse. This isn't any of my business! Chisame said to herself.

Gohan then started to walk away from the group. Negi was about to call out to him, but he stopped when Gohan spoke first, "I think I'll go on ahead. You guys need to get some clothes for Chisame-san now that she is little. Besides, you have a date with Ako-san don't you?"

Negi blushed a bit. "It's not a date Gohan-san!" cried the boy teacher. The demi-saiyan chuckled at the sight.

"It's okay Negi-san, I'm just teasing you," Gohan said. "That being said, I'll see you guys at the concert." With that, Gohan left the group to themselves as they began to discuss what the next plan was. However, two figures approached Negi's group's position as they were running away from something or someone. They crashed into each other and sure they knew each other.



* * *



A few minutes later…

Gohan let out a sigh. Man, I don't like this sneaking around business, Gohan said to himself as he looked around the street. Everywhere he sent, he was being asked a lot of questions. I wished that there was some way for me to hide away my identity. Gohan's thoughts began to wonder as he thought up a costume. Then the image of the costume that he wore on the first day when he, Negi and Setsuna were looking for Chao popped into his head. Gohan immediately shook that thought away as he sensed the media mob approaching. He quickly hid himself in an alleyway as the mob passed by him.

"Damn this is really getting annoying," Gohan muttered as the last remnants of the mob passed by. "I wished I could have stayed as a Super Saiyan and be like the Gold Figther or something…" Then an idea hit him like lightning. "That's it! Why didn't I think of it before?" He moved up his sleeve and pressed the red button on his wristwatch. "Transform!" Suddenly, a bright light engulfed the demi-saiyan, transforming him into…the Great Saiyaman! "All right! It's good to be back. It feels like I haven't worn these in a long time even though I technically wore them yesterday. Anyways, off to the concert." And with that, Gohan was off.

A few minutes later…

"Maybe the Great Saiyaman costume was not such a great idea after all," Gohan said as he wobbled around and sat down in a nearby alleyway. As he walked around, Gohan was asked by a lot of people about the costume and his abilities. He had completely forgotten how much of a celebrity the Great Saiyaman had become around the campus. Word had spread quickly about his appearance the other day so everyone was on the lookout for the disguised Gohan. Damn his luck. "Oh well, I better take off it before someone else sees me," said the demi-saiyan as he 'de-transformed' back to his normal self. Maybe I should have taken those age pills, Gohan said to himself. No, that wouldn't be good. I promised to meet with Shiina-san for a backstage look. It would look weird if I came in like a completely different person. I got to figure out something.



* * *



Meanwhile…

At the concert hall, Ako was sitting down, drinking some tea as she was remembering a dream that she had earlier in the day. Today was her big debut in the band. She was getting very nervous since her crush, the grown-up version of Negi Springfield, was coming to see her. She didn't know what to do! She believed herself to be a supporting character, not one of the stars like Negi, Gohan or anyone was like. She was just your average girl. Well, except one thing. As she began to tremble in fear at the possibility of being embarrassed in front of her crush, Madoka called out to her, "Ako!"

"WHA-HUH!" exclaimed Ako as she dropped her cup, effectively breaking it.

Madoka noticed that Ako was not looking so good. "Whoa, are you all right, Ako?" Madoka asked.

"I-I'm just really worked up," Ako said.

"Don't worry about it," Madoka said as she handed Ako the bass. "You were just fine during practice. Here, play. Relax and you'll be fine." Then suddenly Ako started playing, but it wasn't very good at all. "Ako! You're playing too fast!"

"That's not it!" Ako cried. "I'm trembling so much that I can't stop! I can't do this! I knew it! I just can't! It's impossible!"

"Calm down, Ako!" Madoka yelled at her. She was about to go and beat some sense into her, but stopped when she noticed a figure approaching Ako. She immediately recognized who it was, but Ako, who was too busy crying and showing nervousness, didn't.

Suddenly, Ako felt a pat on her shoulder that somehow felt very reassuring. It had a lot of positive energy following through it. Before she could turn around, the person behind her spoke, "You'll do fine Ako-san." Ako turned around and saw her assistant teacher, Son Gohan, standing before her with a Son grin on his face.

"Gohan-sensei!" Ako cried. She immediately bowed in apology. "I-I'm sorry Gohan-sensei! I didn't mean to run into you like that!"

Gohan let out a smile and chuckled. "There is no need to apologize Ako-san," said the demi-saiyan. "You haven't done anything wrong."

"What are you doing here Gohan-sensei?" Madoka asked.

"Shiina-san gave me a backstage ticket to see her and you guys perform," Gohan said. Ako started to tremble even more. Gohan began to get worried. "Ako-san is everything okay?" the demi-saiyan asked.

The girl shook her head. "Everything is not all right!" cried Ako. "This is not good! I just simply can't do it! I'm not made to be in the spotlight like you Gohan-sensei! I'm supposed to be the side act."

Gohan blinked a few times. "Side act?" asked a confused Gohan. He looked at Madoka and asked, "Madoka-san, what does she mean by that?"

"Don't worry about it sensei," Madoka said. "I'll take care of this don't worry."

Gohan nodded. "Okay then," he said as he started to walk the other direction. "Oh and Ako-san…"Ako turned around and paid attention to the demi-saiyan as he spoke. "Before I leave, I wanted to let you know that you are going to do a good job today."

"I don't know about that Gohan-sensei," Ako responded back. "What if he doesn't like me? What if I perform badly in front of him?"

"Who? Nagi-san?" Gohan said. Ako nodded. The demi-saiyan let out a smile as he knew who they were talking about. "Nagi-san isn't like that. I know because he is a good friend of mine. Ako-san, just have confidence in yourself and believe. When you do that, you can achieve many great things. Trust me on this." Ako gave a nod as Gohan signaled them good-bye and wished them luck as he began his search for Shiina.

A few minutes later, Gohan had found Shiina, who was talking with Misa about the details of their song selection. Shiina beamed in happiness once she saw the demi-saiyan. "Gohan-kun!" greeted the energetic girl.

"Hiya Shiina-san," greeted the demi-saiyan as he watched Shiina approach him. "How is everything going? Getting any last minute gitters?"

Shiina laughed as she scratched the back of her neck. "Not really," Shiina replied. "I think we are going to do very well today. I just know it." Gohan sighed as he looked at the positive energy surrounding the girl. I was told that Shiina-san is extremely lucky and is always in a happy mood, Gohan said to himself. Looks like they were right.

Then the demi-saiyan noticed a dejected look on her face that suddenly appeared. This got Gohan worried. "Shiina-san what's wrong?" Gohan asked.

"Well, Misa and I were discussing the song list," Shiina replied. "The songs are good but I don't know about the second song."

"What about the second song?" Gohan said.

"I was asked to sing it because how good I did during the rehearsal. But now I don't know if I can do it," Shiina said with a dejected look. Then she received a smack on the head. "Owie, what was that for Gohan-sensei?"

"That is definitely not the Shiina-san that I know of," Gohan said. "Shiina-san always has a smile on her face and brings out the positive qualities out of people. You, just like Ako-san, need to believe in yourself. When you are singing, just let out all of your feelings as if you were telling a story or something important to someone, someone special." Then Gohan gave a pat on Shiina's shoulder, with a Son grin on his face. "You will do fine. After all, you are one of my precious students."

Shiina immediately blushed at the coolness that Gohan was displaying, even though he wasn't doing it on purpose. "Thank you Gohan-kun," Shiina said, earning her a smile from Gohan. Just as he was about to ask what song she was going to sing, both of them heard a yell from across the hall. Gohan, fearing a bit for the safety of his students, asked Shiina to go inside her room for right now. Gohan then rushed towards the direction of the scream.

Upon his arrival, Gohan saw a crowd of people surrounding a particular room. It was the grown-up versions of Negi, Trunks and Kotarou with Chisame and Chachamaru dressed up in costumes. Then the demi-saiyan saw Ako run out from her room, crying as she passed by Gohan without her noticing that he was even there. Gohan looked worried and turned around to see Madoka throw her tie at Kotarou. Then Madoka chased after Ako, leaving the group behind. The group simply stared, without even noticing that Gohan was right in front of him until he greeted them. "Hey everybody!"

The group flinched and stood surprised to see the assistant teacher in front of them. "Gohan-san? What are you doing?" asked Negi.

"I was talking with Shiina-san earlier when I heard the scream," Gohan said. "I came rushing in. What happened?" Negi then explained to him all what happened. After he left, Negi had run into Trunks and Kotarou, who were escaping from the press. Somehow, they got hold of some information that Trunks was Gotenks in some way. Goten had gotten away earlier with Goku and the others. Trunks ran into Kotarou and both of them started to run together. As they ran, they met up with Negi and all of them changed into adult versions of themselves using Negi's magic pills. Then they planned together to go and see Ako and the others at their concert. However, Negi inadvertently opened on a naked Ako that had a scar on her back.

Trunks and Kotarou snickered, thinking that scar wasn't something to fret about, but Chisame put it in terms that it means a lot for teenage girls than for boys. "I see," Gohan said once the story was finished as he had nodded throughout the story. "So now what are you going to do? Aren't you going to chase after her? She has to perform remember?"

"That's right!" Negi said as he ran off, with Chisame, Trunks, Chachamaru and Kotarou right behind him. Gohan let out a smile as he watched the group go off. I indeed don't have much experience with dating and such, but I know when you have to chase after a crying girl, Gohan said to himself. I wished there was something that I could do. Suddenly, a bright light shone in Gohan's pocket. The demi-saiyan immediately knew what happened as he saw Shiina coming towards him.

"Gohan-kun is everything okay?" the girl asked with Misa walking right behind her. "Where is everybody?"

Gohan let out a reassuring smile. "Everything is fine Shiina-san," the demi-saiyan said. "Everybody should be back momentarily." And sure enough, Gohan was right. Everyone did come back. Ako was wearing a different set of clothes while Trunks and Madoka were talking to each other.

"Yeah sorry about all that," the grown-up version of Trunks said. "I had some buddies in disguise to tease you. I was hopping you'd get a kick out of it. Heh, heh, heh." Kotarou sweat-dropped at the comment that Trunks said. Man, Kotarou said to himself, that was the lamest excuse ever. Even I could have come up better than that.

"Ako-chan, is everything all right?" Shiina asked as she noticed something different about her classmate and bandmate.

Ako simply smiled. "Everything is fine," Ako replied. "Sorry if I worried you guys. Let's go and do our best!" Ako locked fists with her bandmates while Gohan looked on with a smile on his face. He walked to where Negi was standing at.

"So what did you do to cheer Ako-san up so quickly, 'Nagi-san'?" Gohan asked, putting some emphasis on the name knowing full well that it was actually Negi. "She seemed so nervous before."

"She just needed to have a talk about who she really is," 'Nagi' said. "After all, she is a star."

Gohan smiled. "Right you are Nagi-san."

Ako then walked up to Negi as the band was ready to debut. Gohan left the two of them alone as he walked over to wish Shiina good luck. In the meantime, he overheard Negi's conversation with Ako. "It's almost time. Good luck!" 'Nagi' said.

Ako nodded. "Thanks," said the girl.

"Remember, once you step onto the stage, you're a star whether you like it or not," 'Nagi' said, causing Ako to blush at the cool words that the adult version of Negi said. Gohan let out a small chuckle. Good job Negi-san, Gohan said to himself as he walked outside, ready to watch the concert.



* * *



Outside…

"Next up is an all-girl band making their debut appearance!" shouted the announcer as a crowd of people were in the concert hall, ready to see a good show. The girls came out, ready to rock the place. All of them had big smiles on their faces as they went to their respective places and grabbed their gear. Shiina grabbed her drumsticks, while Misa and Madoka grabbed their guitars and Ako her bass.

"Hello Mahora!" shouted Misa in the microphone as the crowd responded with a roar of cheer. "Thank you all for coming to the debut of the Depokin Rocket! Be ready to be rocked out of your mind!" She then turned around, looked at her bandmates one last time with a smile on her face. Her face had the look of 'Let's rock this place!' All of them nodded in agreement as the song began.

(The lyrics are in bold and in italics. The English translation is located in the parenthesis and it is not done by yours truly. I don't own the translations.)

*Linda Linda by the Blue Hearts*

With a strum of their guitars, Misa began to sing.

Dobun ne zuni Mitaini

Utsukushiku naritai

(I wanna be beautiful like a water rat)

Syashinniwa utsuranai

Utsukushisaga arukara

(He's got beauty you can't see in a picture)

Then whole went rocking as the band started the chorus with Misa and Madoka strumming their guitars, Ako her bass and Shiina hitting the drums hard.

Linda Linda! Linda Linda Lindaaa!

Linda Linda! Linda Linda Lindaaa!

Moshimo Bokuga itsuka

Kimito deai hanshi aunara

(If I see you and have a talk)

Sonna tokiwa doka Ai no

Imi(w)o Shitte kudasai

(Please catch the meaning of love)

The whole concert hall was rocking. Gohan sat next to Chisame, Negi, Chachamaru, Kotarou and Trunks as they all looked in awe at the amazing skill of their students and classmates. It was quickly becoming a rockin' show!

Linda Linda! Linda Linda Lindaaa!

Linda Linda! Linda Linda Lindaaa!

Dobun ne zuni Mitaini

Dareyorimo yasashii

(Just like a water rat, nicer than anyone else)

Dobun ne zuni Mitaini

Naniyouimo Atatakaku

(Just like a water rat, warmer than anyone else)

Linda Linda! Linda Linda Lindaaa!

Linda Linda! Linda Linda Lindaaa!

Moshimo Bokuga itsuka

Kimito deai hanshi aunara

(If I see you and have a talk)

Sonna tokiwa doka Ai no

Imi(w)o Shitte kudasai

(Please catch the meaning of love)

Aija na-kutemo Koja na-kutemo

Kimi(w)o hanashiwashinai

Keshite makenai

Tsuyoi chikara(w)o

Boku wa hito sudake motsu

(Even though it may not be love, I'll never leave you. I'll get power, the only power nothing can beat)

Linda Linda! Linda Linda Lindaaa!

Linda Linda! Linda Linda Lindaaa!

Linda Linda!

As the girls strummed their last string, the whole concert hall was in an uproar and in a good way. The place was rocking and people were dancing all over the place. They almost wished that the song didn't have to finish as they were really enjoying the girls playing. After the girls finished their song, the announcer of the concert came up onto the stage. "They're pretty rockin!" The crowd roared in cheer as they agreed with the announcer. "Let's talk to the band before they go on to their second song!"

The announcer then gave the microphone to Madoka who simply gave it to Ako. "What? Why are you giving it to me?" Ako cried as she didn't want to be put on the spotlight any more than she wanted to.

"C'mon Ako!" Madoka said. "I'll bet you weren't able to say anything when you two were alone! Now is the time to say it!" Ako refused out right but thanks to the insistence of Madoka and the crowd, Ako was put under the spotlight. Everyone leaned in with interest as they wanted to hear what she was to say.

"Uh…umm…umm…um…today…" Ako nervously said while the girls behind her changed a few things as they prepared for the next song. "I…well…today…today, I wanted to say something to…a person that helped me out a lot." Gohan immediately looked at Negi and smiled, muttering 'good job'. All the girls that were present at the concert all leaned in, seeing if Ako will finally confess her feelings to her crush. Gohan wished her luck, but then immediately felt some killing intent from above. He zoomed in closer and saw Mana reading her pistol to stop Ako from confessing her feelings because of the World Tree. Gohan cursed at himself. He needed to do something. He wasn't going to allow Mana ruin an occasion like this. They could simply move it somewhere else.

As Gohan began to ponder the possibilities, Ako continued on speaking. "W-Well, I…um…I…I…L…L…I really had a great time today! Can I have your e-mail address?" The girls immediately face-faulted while Gohan, Negi, Trunks and Kotarou looked dumbfounded at the question.

"Okay," 'Nagi' said. "I'll send it to you later!"

"Baka! Don't answer her!" Chisame yelled. Gohan let out a sigh of relief as Mana disarmed her weapon and went away, for the moment.

"That was…eventful," the announcer said with a sweat drop as he took the microphone from Ako's hands. "Anyways…let's hear their next song, sung by Sakurako Shiina!" Shiina took the center stage while Madoka went to take of the drums. Gohan and the others were impressed that the girls knew how to do multiple instruments. They were very talented.

"Thank you! How is everyone doing?" shouted Shiina with the crowd reacting to her with cheer. "I was a bit unsure about this song at first but thanks to a dear person, he gave me the courage to sing this song with all my heart." Gohan-kun, I hope my feelings get across to you through this song, Shiina said to herself as the band began to play the song.

*DAN DAN Kokoro Hikareteku by Field of View (listen to the ZARD version)*

DAN DAN kokoro hikareteku

(Bit by Bit My heart is charmed)

sono mabushii egao ni

(With that dazzling smile)

hatenai yami kara tobidasou Hold my hand

(Let's flee from the endless darkness Hold my hand)

The crowd was loving the song as they were dancing around to the tune. Gohan was very impressed at Shiina's singing. She was definitely putting a lot of feeling into it. He wondered why though? Who was it directed towards? Shiina then began to sing the first verse.

kimi to deatta toki

(You see, when I met you)

kodomo no koro taisetsu ni omotte ita basho wo omoidashitanda

(I remembered the view which I had treasured when I was a child)

boku to odotte kurenai ka

(Won't you dance with me?)

hikari to kage no winding road ima demo aitsu ni muchu nano?

(It's a winding road of light and shadows. Even now, you're dreaming of him?)

sukossi dake furimukitaku naru youna toki mo aru kedo

(There are times when it seemed like I wanted to turn back but)

ai to yuki to hotori wo motte tatakau yo

(Holding love, courage, and pride, I shall fight)

Then came the chorus as the band began to pick up the rhythm and pace of the song while Shiina continued to sing.

DAN DAN kokoro hikareteku

(Bit by Bit My heart is charmed)

kono hoshi no kibou no kakera

(A piece of hope in this world)

kitto daremo ga eien wo te ni iretai

(Anyone surely wants to have eternity in his hands)

ZEN ZEN kinishinai furi shitemo

(Even if you pretend not to mind at all)

hora kimi ni koi shiteru

(Hey I love you)

hatenai yami kara tobidasou Hold your hand

(Let's flee from the endless darkness Hold your hand)

Then came the guitar solo as Misa began to rock it out with her guitar. The crowd was loving it! Gohan and Negi began to clap with the rhythm of the song and soon the whole the crowd started to do it. Everyone was having a good time as Shiina began to sing the second verse of the song.

okotta kao mo tsukateru kimi mo suki dakedo

(I also like you, even with that face, tired from anger)

ana ni tobashiteikite daijobu kana to omou

(I wonder if it's all right to live such a life, being blown away)

boku wa... nanigenai shigusa ni furima wasareteru Sea Side Blue

(As for me…I'm just spun around by casual gestures Sea Side Blue)

Sore demo aitsu ni muchu na no?

(Or are you still dreaming of him)

motto kikitai koto ga atta no ni

(I had something more I wish to ask but)

futari no kaiwa ga kuruma no oto ni habamarete toori ni mau yo

(Our conversation just goes on like the sound of car wheels dancing around)

DAN DAN kokoro hikareteku

(Bit by Bit My heart is charmed)

jibun demo fushigi nan da kedo

(It's amazing even to myself but)

nani ka aru to sugu ni kimi ni denwa shitaku naru

(Something is there I suddenly feel like calling you)

ZEN ZEN ki no nai furi shite mo

(Even if you pretend not to mind at all)

kekkyoku kimi no koto dake mite ita

(In the end all I see is you)

umi no anata he tobida sou yo Hold my hand

(Let's flee towards the sea Hold my hand)

Once the song was over, the crowd roared in a cheer as they gave amazing compliments to the girls' performance. Shiina bowed and waved at the crowd for their comments as she tried to wipe away some of her tears. Misa noted that Shiina's tears weren't tears of sadness but of happiness. She didn't think that Shiina would sing it so well and so gracefully. It was as if she was saying her feelings to person that she admired most. But who could it be? Then it hit her. Her song was targeted to Son Gohan, who had no idea that the song was dedicated to him. She clenched her fist in frustration. Dammit! Misa said to herself. This was supposed to be my moment. I selected that song so I could sing it to Gohan-kun, not for Shiina to do it so well. Shiina was supposed to sing it badly and then I would take over. This was not supposed to happen. Shiina was oblivious to Misa's frustration as she waved at Gohan as the demi-saiyan waved back, not knowing about Misa's anger.

Troubles lied ahead for Son Gohan as a mysterious figure watched the concert from above on one of the branches of the World Tree. He was covered in a hood garment, with his white and blue sneakers showing. He then took off the hood, revealing his long jet black hair and his blue eyes to the light. His face let out a smile as he was amused by what he saw, especially on Gohan. "Be sure to enjoy these happy occasions Son Gohan because soon, all of this will be gone," said the mysterious figure as he disappeared out of sight, preparing himself for his master's plans.



* * *



Author's note: Hey everybody! I want to apologize first off for writing such a big chapter. I would usually separate it into two but I didn't know where to. Plus I kind of wanted to move along with the story, especially when I want to get to the chapter with the introduction of the mysterious Saiyan whom, I bet, you all are dying to know.

Hope you guys enjoyed the chapter, especially on the introduction of the Kaioshins, which by the way the names come from the Japanese anime/manga, as well as the songs. The first song is a song that everyone in Japan almost knows and usually sing it at karaoke. I had this song in mind before knowing that fact ever since I watched the Japanese movie 'Linda Linda Linda'. It is a good movie but kind of slow. The second song is a song that we Dragon Ball fans know very well. The surprising thing about this song that I learned was that it was a love song and had nothing to do with Dragon Ball at all, unlike the other DBZ songs. Once I learned about the lyrics, I thought it would be perfect for this kind of situation. Hope you guys enjoyed it!

READ AND REVIEW! I can't stress that enough! I want to hear from everyone! I like hearing how my work is being appreciated! Please keep sending them! I work very hard on these chapters to provide you guys entertainment! Anyways, enough of my ranting. See you around! Peace!





*Chapter 35*: Can you read my mind?


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. See chapter 1 for details.

Author's note: Hey everybody! How was your week? Mine was really good. Had a fewer classes this week, my wallet wasn't destroyed by travelling costs and also I read all the comments from the previous chapter, especially from Joanne Frances t. Cajilig. Thank you for those words of encouragement. I really appreciate it, especially when you mentioned about Gohan. And also to other reviewers as well. Keep them coming because I really enjoy reading them.

Congratulations to jaku uzumaki for being my 400th reviewer! Thanks for your support dude! I greatly appreciate it!

I want to thank theprincedonte for beta-reading this chapter! He has been a great help! Now let me present to you Chapter 35 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 35: Asuna's Date! Can you read my mind?

Underneath Mahora Academy, Misora, Cocone, the head nun Shakti and Asuna were walking in the sewers. After being rescued by Takamichi and with the Budokai over, Misora gave the mages a report of what she saw down below. As she led the group, Misora opened the same door as before where she encountered the massive army of Chao's robots. But once they opened the giant door, there was nothing! Not a single robot in sight! "Empty?" Misora said.

"There isn't anything here," spoke Sister Shakti.

"But they were all lined up right here!" protested Misora as she was trying to convince her boss and the others of what she saw, especially on the two figures. "And over there, there were these two…I don't know how to describe them. They were like people but they felt weird as if they had no energy in them. One of them was big and scary! They both had really strange eyes."

Sister Shakti let out a sigh. "I have a hard time believing what you say, knowing how you are normally."

"Please believe me!" Misora said, begging for the head nun to believe her. She wasn't making this up! Once she realized that wasn't working, she immediately turned to Asuna who stood next to her. "You believe me, don't you Asuna?"

Asuna let out an innocent smile. "I'm not sure," she said as Misora went crying with anime tears on her face.

"Huge and scary looking with weird eyes?" asked a voice. Everyone turned around to see Takamichi with Mei and Takane next to him. "What did they look like? Miso-I mean mysterious sister-kun."

"Oh Takahata-sensei!" greeted Asuna with a smile on her face.

"Well, the truth is, I didn't get a good look at them since I was immediately knocked out by one of them and Cocone was too," Misora replied. "It could have been my imagination…I'm sorry. I'm just not sure."

Takamichi smiled as he looked at Cocone and asked, "Do you think you can draw it, Cocone-kun?" Cocone nodded in her response, making Takamichi smile as he walked by Misora…I'm sorry, the Mysterious Sister.

"Hey sensei? Why aren't you asking me to draw them?" asked the Mysterious Sister.

"Asuna-kun, about tomorrow…" Takamichi said. "I'm sorry…I don't think I can keep my promise to you. I have a feeling that the third day will be too busy." This caused Asuna to jerk a bit.

"Oh, I see," Asuna said with a dejected look. She feared that her date with him was going to be cancelled with all these new sudden developments. Maybe it was good that it was going to be cancelled. No! Asuna said to herself. I don't want it to be! I need to know if what I feel for Takahata-sensei is for real, especially when I have feelings for Goh… Suddenly the image of Gohan and them kissing popped into her. She shook her head to get rid of those thoughts. She wasn't sure what to make of it. But then, Takamichi said something that surprised her.

"So, do you have any plans for the rest of the day, Asuna-kun?" Takamichi asked. Asuna shook her head, signaling no. Takamichi let out a smile. "Why don't we go around the festival today? We can meet up in about an hour. Is that all right?"



* * *



Meanwhile…

"Uwaaa!" Gohan yawned as he walked around the campus one more time. After staying at the concert for a while, he met up with Negi and the others. While the others decided to stay, Gohan and Negi took the liberty of using the time machine to go back to the past. Then the two teachers went their separate ways with Negi going to visit the library exploration club down at Library Island. He wanted to come along but he needed to get some major rest as he decided to take a whole day's rest at Eva's resort which actually took the form of a few days. Thankfully, Eva was not there to reprimand him. Actually, now he thought about it, Gohan had heard from Eva that he could use the resort whenever he wanted to.

While at the resort, Gohan took some time to rest his muscles from the injury. As he was walking around the resort, he spotted his old brown bag that he had left here before. Inside it were some Senzu beans! Gohan had just found the jackpot. After eating one of the beans, Gohan was back to 100% normal. And as usual, instead of resting, Gohan went straight to training since he had a few senzu left, which were three beans. He needed to get stronger and practice using the Kaio-ken times two. Who knows when he would have to use it or even beyond that again? But there was another technique that he was practicing as well; one that his father had told and taught him about when he was laying the foundations of the Kaio-ken into his son.

Once he got out of the resort, his pocket shone brightly again, causing the demi-saiyan to look down. He must have gone back again, Gohan said to himself. Let's see if I can find him. Gohan then closed his eyes and tried to sense his ki signature. It was kind of hard to locate him because there were so many of him, after all the time traveling that he was doing. As a result, he tried to feel the ki signatures around his. That was when he finally picked it up. He is with Konoka-san, Gohan said to himself as he looked towards the direction of their ki signatures. "Better meet up with them then," the demi-saiyan said as he started to walk towards that direction.



* * *



Meanwhile…

In an alleyway, a bright light appeared, revealing two figures. It was Negi Springfield and Konoe Konoka! Negi and Konoka had cat ears and a tail outfit that was normal to wear during the festival. "I can't believe that we came back again," Konoka said with a smile on her face.

"Y-Yeah," Negi stuttered as he began to wobble around a bit.

"Negi-kun, what's wrong?" Konoka asked. "Is it because of Haruna's kiss that you are wobbling around?"

"S-Something like that," Negi said. He never expected to have more people know that he was a mage nor even have more pactio partners like Yue and Haruna. Hopefully, word of his being a mage or that there were mages in the academy would not spread out because if it did, he would turn into an ermine! He didn't want that. Luckily, Haruna didn't find out much about who Gohan was. That would have been more disastrous. Konoka made sure of that. Negi let out a sigh, a bit exhausted from all what has happened lately. "We should get going Konoka-san," said the boy teacher. "I want to see more of the festival."

Konoka nodded in agreement. "Me too," Konoka said. "It's a good thing that you have that time watch Negi-kun." Negi nodded in agreement. He was becoming grateful to Chao for giving this watch to him so he could see everyone from his class. As the two of them walked out of the alleyway, Konoka and Negi heard a voice behind them.

"Negi-san! Konoka-san!" The two of them turned around to see Gohan walking towards them with a Son grin on his face. "How are you guys?" greeted the demi-saiyan as he finally reached them.

"Gohan-san!" waved the boy teacher while Konoka ran towards the demi-saiyan.

"Gohan-kun!" greeted Konoka with a hug that caught Gohan by surprise. A heavy blush was on his face. "Are you all right? Negi-kun told me about your injuries. Let me heal some." Konoka was about to take out her wand but Gohan stopped her right away.

"There is no need to heal me Konoka-san," Gohan said with a smile on his face. "I'm perfectly fine. I'm healthy as I can be. Besides, you shouldn't be taking out your wand like that in front of everyone."

"I know," Konoka said. "But you seemed to be in so much pain after the finals of the Budokai that I thought…" Konoka's face looked dejected as a slight blush appeared on her face. Then, she felt a pat on her shoulder. She looked up to see the demi-saiyan's smiling face in front of her.

"It's okay Konoka-san," Gohan said. "Thank you for worrying about me. If there is ever a need for me to be healed, I'll come to you okay?" Gohan's smile turned even into a bigger one, causing Konoka to blush immediately. She backed off a bit so as to not embarrass herself.

Negi took this opportunity to ask. "Gohan-san where have you been?"

"Around," replied the demi-saiyan. "After the concert and us going back in time once again, I decided to take a little break in Evangeline-san's resort." Negi gasped a bit, as he knew the consequences of using Eva's resort without her permission. He knew that feeling all too well. Gohan was able to ease the boy teacher's mind as he said, "Don't worry Negi-san. Evangeline-san doesn't know that I went there." Hopefully she doesn't though, Gohan said to himself. I kind of left the place in hurry and didn't have the chance to tidy up in some places.

"So Gohan-san, are you fully healed and rested?" asked the boy teacher.

A Son grin immediately appeared on the demi-saiyan's face. "You bet," Gohan said as he held up his arm. "I needed that rest, especially after fighting against an opponent like Vegetto-san." Negi nodded in agreement. He needed to take a break sometime soon as well, though the Nodate really helped him. "So where are you two going?"

"Well, I'm not sure," Negi said. "Let me check my schedule."

While Negi was taking out the schedule that Kazumi and Chamo had made for him, Konoka walked and stood beside the demi-saiyan. A bright smile appeared on her face as she was so happy at the moment, standing next to Son Gohan. She started to remember the kiss that the two of them shared on the first day of the festival. She was surprised at herself for being so forward but sometimes, that's what it takes with someone like Gohan. So she decided to do something like that again as she went, grabbed and held the demi-saiyan's hand. Gohan didn't even realize that his hand was being held until a few seconds later but he decided to let it be as her hands felt comfortable and warm.

As Negi was about to say where they were headed next, a small white ermine came running towards them. Gohan immediately spotted him as he let go of Konoka's hand, "Chamo-san!" greeted the demi-saiyan. Negi and Konoka turned both their heads to see the white ermine running towards them.

"Chamo-kun," greeted Negi with a happy smile on his face. He was about to ask why did he convince more girls to form pactios with him, especially someone like Yue but suddenly realized that this wasn't the same Chamo from before. It was probably a different one, but nonetheless, Chamo seemed to be in a hurry for some reason.

"Aniki there you are!" greeted Chamo. "I have been looking all over for you!"

Gohan noticed the panted look from Chamo and had to ask the ermine. "What's wrong Chamo-san? You seem to be out of breath? Is there something wrong?"

"Well, you see…" Chamo trailed as he started to tell his story.



* * *



A few minutes later…

"You mean right now?" Konoka said.

"Asuna-san and Takamichi are going on a date?" asked a shocked Negi as Chamo finished telling the story, ending with the fact that their date had been pushed up today. Gohan was silent in the whole ordeal. He was happy for Asuna, but somewhere deep in his heart, he was getting a little jealous that Takamichi was going on date with Asu…No I shouldn't think like that, Gohan said to himself as he shook his head. I am Asuna-san's teacher. I should be happy for her but why does every time I say that, I feel a bit sad and hurt inside?

"Yep," said Chamo as he started to light up a cigarette.

"That's major!" Konoka exclaimed.

"Wasn't the date supposed to be tomorrow?" Negi asked.

"Yeah, but Takamichi's schedule has changed due to some things like…" Chamo trailed before he remembers something that Takamichi told him before he left the group. 'Chamo-kun, please don't mention any of what you have seen or heard here to Gohan-kun or Negi-kun,' Takamichi said to the ermine. 'I wish for the two of them to enjoy the festival.'

"What is it Chamo-kun?" Negi asked as he noticed the look on Chamo's face of uncertainty.

"N-Nothing!" Chamo said as he wailed his arms. Why does everyone have to tell me secrets that I can't tell Aniki or Gohan-nii? Chamo asked himself. This sucks!

The demi-saiyan let out a sigh. All this talk about Asuna having her date with Takamichi was making Gohan feel uneasy. The kiss that Asuna and he had shared popped into Gohan's head, causing the demi-saiyan to shake his head. Gohan decided to speak up before he was going to do something drastic, unintentionally of course. "We should check up on Asuna-san and see how she is holding up," said the demi-saiyan. "After all, Asuna-san might be freaking out since she has been dreaming for this for a very long time." Konoka and Negi both nodded in agreement. "Where is she now, Chamo-san?"

"She is probably at the café near the station Gohan-nii," Chamo replied.

"Then let's get going," Gohan said as Chamo went on the demi-saiyan's shoulder, leading the way towards the café where Asuna was at.



* * *



Meanwhile, at the café…

"Wh-Wh-What? A date to see the festival with Takahata-sensei?" Takane asked in shock with a slight blush on her face. "Kagurazaka-san, a teacher and a student should not engage in such questionable behavior!" Takane raved loudly. But of course, that didn't stop Takane from thinking about dating a particular raven-haired demi-saiyan.

"Um, it's not a real date…" denied the orange haired girl, Asuna.

"It's worse between a mage and a civilian! Not to mention the twenty year age difference!" Takane said as she smacked her hand down on the table to emphasize her annoyance while Mei tried to calm her down.

"So," Misor…I mean, Mysterious Sister said, "Asuna's finally got herself a date with her idol, Takahata-sensei, eh?" noted the mysterious sister. "Are you prepared for this? You know, are you wearing your special linge…"

However, Mysterious Sister was cut off by a blushing Asuna with her shouting, saying, "Shhh, Mysterious Sister!" Asuna then blushed as she recalled the events and got nervous. "It was so sudden…I just don't know if I'm mentally prepared for this," she said. "Do you think this outfit is all right?"

"I think you're fine Asuna," the Mysterious Sister said. "You look nice. I like it."

"Y-You think?" asked Asuna.

"Well, considering the age difference, maybe you want to wear something more cute and demure?" added Mei. "Since this is a first date, you may want to look a bit different than usual."

"Y-You think so?" Asuna asked nervously as she started to get anxious. This was becoming like a dream come true for her. This was also going to be a great opportunity to finally know if she really loved Takamichi or a particular demi-saiyan.

"Still, I'm envious of you Kagurazaka-san," Mei said. "Being able to go around with your crush." Suddenly the image of the Great Saiyaman appeared in the girl's head with the two of them enjoying the festival together like a couple.

However, Takane had to interrupt Mei's daydream as she said, "Mei! You know that we have a noble mission to complete. We don't have the time to get involved in romance."

"Yes, ma'am!" Mei said. "I know that one onee-sama!"

"Good," Takane said and as she was about to explain more, she noticed that Asuna and the Mysterious Sister didn't even pay attention to that detail! "Listen to me!" screamed Takane, causing the two girls to turn their heads. "As mages living in the world of men, we have the duty to use our powers for the good of mankind. In order to achieve that goal, we must do so without focusing our personal feelings!"

"Is that so, Mysterious Sister?" Asuna asked the nun.

"Well," the Mysterious Sister said while scratching the back of her neck, "at least that's we're supposed to do…"

"And we're going to do it!" Takane exclaimed. "Those with power must use it to benefit the people that are powerless. We, who live in the world of men, have to always remember that. It's the reason we diligently train ourselves at this academy and…one day, I hope to become a magister magi like the Thousand Master!"

"Really? You want to become a magister magi, Takane-san?" Gohan asked as he, Negi and Konoka suddenly appeared behind Takane. This caught Takane by surprise, especially seeing Gohan's face up close which caused her heart to beat even faster than before.

"G-Gohan-sensei?" Takane stuttered when that happened.

"Negi! Konoka! Gohan!" Asuna said as a blush appeared on the orange girl's face when she saw Gohan so up close. They haven't seen each other since the kiss during the Budokai. As soon as the two of them saw each other, they had to look away with blushes on their faces as the image appeared in their heads.

"You know about my father, Takane-san?" asked the boy teacher.

"Of course! There's not a mage alive that doesn't know his name," Takane said. She was about to say something else but she was interrupted when Asuna bumped into her to go talk to Negi.

"Negi! Are you all right?" Asuna asked with worry in her voice. "In the semi-finals, according to Takahata-sensei, Ku:Nel-san used magic to become your father and…"

Negi smiled as he said, "I'm…all right now. Thank you Asuna-san."

Asuna flinched a bit. How could he be fine so quickly? Asuna asked herself. Usually, something like that happens, he always mopes around like a little brat. Could it be that he went back in time? Then she turned to Gohan, with a blush on her face. She was nervous in talking to him but suddenly the images of the finals of the Budokai appeared in her head. "And what about you Gohan?" Asuna asked as she gripped his shoulders and checked out his body to see if he was all right. "Are you all right?"

Gohan chuckled. "I'm fine Asuna-san," said the demi-saiyan. "My injuries have been healed so there is no need to worry. But thank you."

Asuna blushed. "Y-You're welcome," muttered the orange haired girl.

"Gohan-sensei, your match was incredible!" Mei said. "It was the most amazing thing I have ever seen." Gohan chuckled as he scratched the back of his neck with a slight blush on his face.

"Thank you Mei-san," Gohan replied with a Son grin on his face.

"Gohan-sensei, who was that guy that you fought against?" Takane asked. "He seemed oddly familiar."

"Well, because he…um, uh…he is sort of related to me," the demi-saiyan said. He knew exactly what their reaction would be…confusion.

"What do you mean Gohan-kun?" Konoka asked. "Is he like your uncle or grandfather?"

"Not exactly. More like he is my father," Gohan said. He prepared himself as the expected reaction came forth.

"EH?"

"What do you mean your father? Isn't Goku-san your father?" Asuna asked. "What are you trying to pull mister? This better be not one of your lies!"

"No, no, no!" Gohan said as he wailed his arms around. "I'm being honest. There is a reasonable explanation for this. Just…hold on a sec." Gohan let out a loud sigh as he tried to figure out on what to say. If he said that it was fusion granted by the Kaioshins, it would take too long to explain on who the Kaioshins were, causing Asuna to be late for her date since she needed time to get ready. "Okay…you guys know about Gotenks right?" Asuna, Negi and Konoka nodded. Takane and Mei knew about him since they saw him at the Budokai. "And you know how he is formed, right?" Asuna, Negi and Konoka nodded once again.

"Yeah we know that Gotenks-chan is formed using that weird dance but what does this have to do with that guy?" Asuna asked.

"I'm getting there," Gohan said. "Some time ago, there was this monster who threatened to destroy the universe (as always). Fusion was the only way to beat him. Goten and Trunks used the fusion dance to try to defeat this enemy. However, it wasn't strong enough. So my Dad and Vegeta-san used another kind of fusion called the Potara fusion to defeat him."

"Potara fusion?" everyone asked in unison.

"You remember the earrings that the guy was wearing?" Everyone nodded. "Well, if you and your fusion partner put the earrings in separate ear lobes, you will fuse together, creating the ultimate warrior. The guy's name was Vegetto, the fusion of Kakarotto and Vegeta." Everyone gaped. No wonder the guy was so powerful! He had the combined strength of the two greatest warriors the universe had ever seen! How was Gohan able to fight against such an opponent? However, Gohan had failed to mention about the different lengths of time that the fusion can last. While Gotenks can stay fused for 30 minutes, Vegetto can stay fused forever. It was by luck that Gohan didn't fuse with Goku or that Vegetto separated into two when they entered Majin Boo's stomach. If not, Vegetto would his dad right now.

"Why did Ku:Nel-san do that?" Asuna asked. "It makes no sense. When I think about a fusion of Goku-san's and Vegeta's power and forming into one, I come up with an incredible fighter that no one could ever hope to win against."

"Well, I figured that Ku:Nel-san thought that it would be a good way to do some training," Gohan said.

"Training?" Everyone said in unison.

"Why training, Gohan-sensei?" asked Takane. "Aren't you powerful enough?"

"Not exactly Takane-san," Gohan replied. "There is always someone stronger out there. I have to always be on top of my game otherwise I can't protect the Earth and everyone that I care about. I'm grateful to Ku:Nel-san for letting me have the opportunity to face against such an opponent who wasn't trying to destroy Earth. It was a good way to know where I stand compared to the greats like Vegetto-san."

"But there shouldn't be anyone that can face you Gohan-sensei. Granted that Vegetto was just an illusion, I believe that you are the strongest in the whole world," Mei commented as Asuna and Konoka went to the side to discuss about clothing options while Negi and Takane continued to listen in the conversation. "You are already very strong and powerful. Even the magic world has started to recognize your incredible strength now more than ever."

"Eh what?" Gohan blinked a few times when he heard that. "What do you mean Mei-san?"

"Your exploits and your partnership with Negi-sensei have gotten the attention of some people in the Magic world," Mei said. "However, you are not as famous as Takahata-sensei though. But, if you were to go to the Magical World, I'm pretty sure you would reach to his level of fame in no time. I'm jealous that Kagurazaka-san is able to go out with such a person."

"What do you mean?" asked Gohan with curiosity. Negi was curious as well.

"Well, Takahata-sensei's famous for traveling with the Thousand Master during the war," Mei explained. "Back home, I wouldn't say he's a superstar (due to his age) but he's very famous. That's why I get nervous and can't focus when I work with him."

"Wow," awed the boy teacher.

Curious, Gohan asked a few more questions, "So Negi-san's father and his friends are really that famous?"

"Of course," Takane replied. "You're new to the whole mage business aren't you Gohan-sensei?" Gohan chuckled in response with a nervous smile. "Let me explain then: The Thousand Master and his party…their works in the Crimson wing of the AAA…their accomplishments are known throughout the magical world. I've been told that children of that time idolized them."

"Wow," Gohan said. "I didn't realize that they were that famous."

"Kyaa! Asuna-san gets to go on a date with a celebrity!" cried Mei in happiness. "That's so amazing."

Takane meanwhile, sweat-dropped at the sight. "You act like a groupie sometimes…"

"Is that true?" Asuna asked as she had overheard a bit about Takamichi's exploits.

"In the Magical World, definitely!" Mei said. "Back home, he's graced the covers of several magazines!" Asuna begged to get one of these magazines but sadly they were only made in the magical world. Asuna pouted as Gohan was curious as to why Takane and Mei kept on repeating magic world.

"Takane-san, what is the magical world?" Gohan asked. "Is it close by?"

"Not exactly as I was raised there," Takane said. "I remember it being a beautiful place. Most of the mages of the world live over there. It's our duty to leave the magical world and help out mankind. Those who stand at the top are called the Magister Magi."

"That's so cool," Gohan said with a smile as he began to ponder. "I wonder what kind of food they have other there."

Asuna face palmed herself. "You are always thinking about food aren't you?" muttered the orange haired girl.

"So I take it that Takahata-sensei is one of those Magister things?" Konoka said. "After all, he's on the cover of magazines."

"Oh, no, Takahata-sensei can't use spells so he can't become a magister magi," Mei commented, catching Asuna and Konoka by surprise. Negi and Gohan had already known about it, especially after Negi's match against Takamichi.

"However," Takane added, "I've been told that he works very hard, so he's recognized for his hard work."

"I don't like that kind of discrimination at all," pouted Asuna.

"Many people back home are very traditional about these things," Mei said.

"Takahata-sensei is still an active member of the AAA even though he's a teacher here," Takane added. This comment caught Gohan's interest.

"What do you mean by 'AAA' Takane-san?" asked the demi-saiyan. "I heard you mention something about it before. What is it?"

"The AAA stands for the Austro-africus Aetemalls, the group that Nagi Springfield and his comrades formed," Takane explained. "Takahata-sensei takes on the most dangerous missions and travels around the world."

"So that's why he's absent most of the time," Gohan commented. "I always wondered why he was never here in Mahora Academy especially when I couldn't find his ki signature right away."

"That's amazing Gohan-sensei! I didn't know you could do that," Mei said as she grabbed Gohan's arm, drawing a few jealous glares from Konoka and Asuna.

"It's probably a skill that ki-users have developed in order to feel out the energy around them," Takane explained. "There are a lot of things that we don't know about ki Mei. But anyways, back to Takahata-sensei. As I mentioned before, his abilities are well accepted by people back home and his combat skills have the rating of AAA+."

"I heard that he even took down an evil secret organization by himself," Mei added.

"No way," Asuna said.

"It's true!" Mei said. "Believe me."

"Wow what a shocker," Konoka said. "I had no idea that Takahata-sensei was so famous among other mages."

"Same here," Asuna said. That's right, Asuna said to herself. I don't know anything about Takahata-sensei as a magician. It seems like I know more about Gohan and his abilities than I do about Takahata-sensei. Do I really love him or do I love Goh… Asuna shook her head. No! I'm going to confirm it today with this date! I need to make sure about my feelings before I do or think about anything else.

As the group walked outside the café and into the main area of the academy, Mei kept on talking about Takamichi. "There are many women after Takahata-sensei because of his reputation," Mei said.

"Really?" exclaimed Asuna. "Is that true?"

"Yes," replied Mei. "Back home, he's a sex symbol!"

"Sex symbol," muttered Asuna.

"That said, I've never even heard anything about Takahata-sensei seeing anyone," Mei said. "The rumor is that somebody's already stolen his heart."

"Huh? Really?" Asuna asked. "B-But what about Shizuna-sensei? Takahata-sensei is with her a lot."

"Shizuna-sensei? I haven't heard anything about them," Mei responded.

"Is that so?" Asuna said, thinking that maybe she does have a chance with Takamichi after all.

"Didn't Takamichi used to take care of you when you were little?" asked Negi, drawing a curious look from Gohan. He raised one of his eyebrows in curiosity. I didn't know about that, Gohan said to himself.

"Yeah, what about it?" Asuna responded.

"Well…maybe…you've stolen his heart already, Asuna-san," Negi said with a smile on his face. Asuna blushed beat red immediately and began to reprimand the boy teacher. Gohan chuckled at the scene. Maybe I have been seeing this wrong, Gohan said to himself.

"Asuna, it's time!" Konoka said as she grabbed hold of Asuna. "You don't have a lot of time to change!"

"Oh right!" Asuna said as she and Konoka hurried along to the nearest place to get changed. The two girls waved back at the group, wishing them luck. Gohan sighed. For some reason, his heart started to ache and it wasn't because of food. He needed to get over this quickly. For Christ's sake, he was a teacher and Asuna was her student! Besides, who would want to date him anyways? He shook his head. He needed to let Asuna know. He ran after them.

"Asuna-san! Konoka-san!" screamed the demi-saiyan, causing the two girls to stop running. Asuna began to wonder why Gohan stopped her. Could it be that he doesn't want the date to happen?

"What is it Gohan?" Asuna asked.

"Asuna-san, I…" suddenly Gohan froze as he stared at Asuna. A blush appeared on his face as he started to get nervous since he didn't know what to say! He had completely forgotten as the words that he wanted to say kept escaping from his mind and his grasp. Just say it God dammit! "Asuna-san, I…I…I want to wish you luck," the demi-saiyan. "Whatever happens today, I want to just let you know that I still care about you…a-as-as my student of course." Gohan had stuttered the last part after he realized that that part of the sentence could be taken a different way. "I hope you find happiness with whatever choice you make Asuna-san. Just to let you know that I am here for you if you ever need anything."

Konoka and Asuna were surprised to say the least, especially Asuna. She didn't expect Gohan to say something like that. But she was glad that the demi-saiyan cared for her. She let out a smile as she grabbed Konoka from asking any questions and delaying her any longer from getting changed. "Thank you Gohan," Asuna said as she waved back at the demi-saiyan as Gohan responded in kind.



* * *



A few minutes later, in a nearby park within the Mahora Campus…

Takamichi was smoking a cigarette as he looked at the picture that Misora and Cocone drew about the two mysterious figures that they both saw. However, Misora's drawing was very crude so Takamichi was unable to understand much. Despite that though, he noticed that Misora focused a lot of attention on the eyes. They seemed very different from that of ordinary humans, like they were evil or had no soul inside them. Curious, Takamichi said to himself as he took another puff of his cigarette. Then he heard some footsteps approaching his position. He put away the picture immediately and turned his head around. "I-I'm sorry, Takahata-sensei," said the figure and upon a closer look, it was Asuna. "I didn't mean to keep you waiting."

Takamichi was startled at the figure before him. Asuna was dressed in a white sleeveless shirt underneath a denim jacket, short shirt and boots. She had let her hair down which was very different from her usual self. Takamichi was so startled; his cigarette fell out of his mouth. "Ow!" Takamichi yelled. "Oops, I burned myself!"

"Are you all right, Takahata-sensei?" Asuna asked. "I…I'm sorry. Maybe this outfit doesn't really suit me."

"Huh? Oh no," Takamichi said as he put away his cigarettes. "I was just surprised. You've become a pretty young lady…Asuna-kun."

Asuna's face immediately turned red like a tomato. Her blush was so heavy. P-Pretty? "Really?" Asuna asked. "I'm…pretty? Really…?"

Takamichi smiled. "Yes, I'm very surprised," he said. "It's very becoming. Why don't we get going, Asuna-kun?"

Asuna nodded nervously, a heavy blush still apparent on her face. "R-Right!" she said as she ran next to the teacher while in the far back, there were some spectators watching this event occur.

"Wow! This is looking good!" Mei commented as she was next to Konoka, Negi, Takane, Cocone, Misora (who was wearing a surgeon's mask to cover her face and not reveal her identity to Negi) and Gohan. They all had come to watch Asuna try to confess her feelings. Gohan didn't want to come along but was kind of forced to by Negi, who had mentioned that something bad might happen.

"I was going for the cute look without making her look childish," Konoka pointed out. "Asuna looks great when she dresses up and wears her hair down. Whaddya think?"

"I think it's a success," Negi commented. "Takamichi looked so surprised. He even dropped his cigarette." Gohan was even more surprised than Takamichi. She looks…amazing, Gohan said to himself before he shook his head to get rid of those thoughts. For God's sake Gohan, you're a teacher! Besides, I'm sure Asuna-san will be happier with Takamichi-san rather than with me.

Then the group followed Asuna and Takamichi as they continued to walk through the campus. There was some awkward silence between them. Well, mostly coming from Asuna as Takamichi was relaxed like he always was. "Well," Takamichi said with a smile on his face, "It's been a while since we walked together like this."

"Y-Yes," Asuna muttered.

Takamichi took a look at Asuna, worried on why she was so quiet. She was usually noisy around him. "What's the matter? You're being awfully quiet today, Asuna-kun," said the teacher.

"Huh?" Asuna said, jerking a bit. "R-Really? I'm usually like this." A blush came over her face as she began to think to herself. Jeez, she said to herself. I'm so nervous. I'm finally going around the festival with Takahata-sensei…Suddenly the image of her kissing Gohan came back into mind. She shook her head to get rid of it as she finally remembered her primary goal. That's right! With everything that happened today, I almost forgot the main reason I asked him to go around the festival with me. Today…I'm going to confess my feelings…to Takahata-sensei for sure and see if I really do love him like I always thought I did.

Meanwhile, as the group watched Asuna and Takamichi interact, Gohan couldn't help but remember something that Konoka mentioned about Asuna and Takamichi. "Konoka-san," spoke the demi-saiyan.

"Yes Gohan-kun?" responded Konoka.

"You said earlier that Takamichi-san used to care for Asuna-san when she was younger; what did you mean by that?" asked Gohan.

"Oh, Asuna doesn't have any parents," Konoka said. "When Asuna was in elementary school, Takahata-sensei was like a surrogate father to her. He's not just a teacher to Asuna."

"I see," Gohan said. "I had no idea."

Meanwhile, back with Asuna and Takamichi, Takamichi continued to speak as he said, "By the way, Asuna-kun…"

"Yes?"

"How is school going for you?" Takamichi asked. "Are you having fun?"

"Sure," the orange haired girl replied. "My grades kind of suck and it doesn't help that Gohan's mom is on my case about it." I'm kind of glad though, Asuna said to herself.

"Ha ha ha," laughed Takamichi. "That's a caring mother right there. How is Konoka-kun? Are you getting along with Ayaka-kun?"

"Things are much the same with Iincho," Asuna said as the two of them went to a café to sit down. "As for Konoka, things are fine as usual."

"That's good to hear," Takamichi said as he and Asuna took a seat. "The newspaper delivery isn't too hard on you?"

"Oh no," Asuna said as she waved her hands. "I've gotten used to it. Recently, I've become friends with Sakurazaki-san. I've started learning kendo from her. Yeah…I guess I'm having a lot of fun lately. Gohan and Negi seem to always lighten up something."

"I see. That's great to hear," Takamichi said as he patted Asuna's head, causing her to blush. "Asuna-kun…you've become a bright and lively girl. It's a big relief for me."

Asuna blushed red as she started to get embarrassed by all the compliments that Takamichi was giving her. "You seem serious all of a sudden, Takahata-sensei," she said.

The teacher let out a chuckle. "Well," he said as he took a sip of milk tea that the café served to them, "A lot happened at the tournament today. I found myself remembering the past a bit. I must say that today has been full of surprises! Asuna-kun, you just seem different today. You're becoming a young lady, aren't you? It seems like you were a little girl just the other day. I'm sure you'll grow up to become a beautiful woman."

"Ta…Takahata-sensei, you're being too kind!" Asuna cried as she blushed even redder as Takamichi let out a smile to let her know that she was being honest. Negi and the group continued to watch Asuna and Takamichi, and while they had problems such as Asuna burning Takamichi's beard, throwing milk tea at him instead of water and having water spilled all over her, they still seemed to have a good time. Gohan let out a small smile as he was starting to get happy for Asuna and her potential relationship with Takamichi. Maybe it is for the best, Gohan said to himself.

Gohan then started to walk away from the group, grabbing Konoka's attention as she noticed the demi-saiyan was not next to her. "Gohan-kun where are you going?" she asked.

"It seems I'm not needed here," Gohan replied. "Asuna-san seems to be in good hands. I'm sure she will do fine. Besides, I'm supposed to meet up with Yuna-san for an appointment."

"Oh, I see," Konoka said with a dejected look, sad that Gohan was going to be away from her and be with another woman. She was feeling jealous already about it, especially after Gohan's statement to Asuna before her date. Then suddenly, she felt a pat on her shoulder. "G-Gohan-kun?"

"Don't worry Konoka-san," Gohan said with a Son grin on his face. "I'll be back before you know it. Let me know how Asuna-san's date goes okay?" Konoka nodded a slight blush on her face but with a bright happy smile that brought a lot of joy to Gohan's heart. "See you guys around!" With that, the demi-saiyan left, ready to meet up with Yuna as well as…tell the girl everything.



* * *



A few minutes later, in another location on Mahora campus…

Gohan leaned against the nearest wall as he waited for Yuna to arrive. This time, he made sure that he arrived earlier but not too early. After all, he got a lot of experience throughout this festival on when he should meet up with the girls. While he waited, he began to ponder on something that had been on the back of his mind for a while now. How was he going to tell Yuna who he really was? He couldn't just say, Hey I'm an alien from another planet. That wouldn't make sense. That would look like the worst lie in the world, Gohan said to himself. Even Chisame-san didn't believe me at first until I showed her my Super Saiyan form but I don't think I should do that. I don't want to get more people involved than they already have. But I did promise Yuna-san I would tell her everything after what happened with the whole Hildegarn situation during Golden Week. Maybe I could…

"Gohan-kun!" Gohan stopped his pondering and turned his head towards the direction of the voice. He saw Yuna approaching him. She was dressed in a green sundress with a small jacket that covered her bare shoulders. "Were you waiting long?" Yuna asked as she approached the demi-saiyan, however Gohan couldn't respond. He was speechless at the moment at the beauty of Yuna and how well dressed she was. She is no Asuna-san that's for sure, Gohan's mind said to remind him who was in his heart at the moment. "Gohan-kun, are you there?" Yuna asked.

Gohan shook his head to get back into focus. "Sorry about that Yuna-san," the demi-saiyan said as a blush overcame his face. "I-I was just a bit surprised."

"Surprised on what?" responded Yuna.

"On how beautiful you look," Gohan muttered but Yuna heard him say that. She beamed happily with a big smile on her face. She clenched her fist in extreme happiness that Gohan had called her beautiful. Thank you Gohan-kun, Yuna said to herself with a smile as Gohan tried to search the words to say at the moment. "W-Well, um…uh…let's going to the game shall we?"

"Let's," Yuna as she grabbed hold of Gohan's arm as the two of them went to the gymnasium that was nearby their location. Gohan looked up to see the giant poster on the side of the wall, mentioning about the spectacle of the Mahotrotters as they were to perform basketball feats. Gohan had heard about them and was a bit excited to see them while Yuna was super excited since she was a big basketball fan and she was a player as well.

The two of them took their seats and began to watch the show. It was amazing to say the least, according to Gohan's eyes. These people were doing incredible feats such as having incredible coordination and skillful handling of one or more basketballs, such as passing or juggling balls between the players, balancing or spinning balls on their fingertips, and making unusual, difficult shots. Gohan was impressed even more when they got the crowd to participate in the match. He let out a smile as he unconsciously grabbed hold of Yuna's hand. Yuna was a bit surprised at the forwardness that Gohan was doing, but nonetheless, she accepted his hand and entwined with hers. The two of them continued to watch the show as it came to its conclusion.

The two of kept holding hands as they walked out of the gymnasium. Gohan let go of Yuna's hand as he stretched his arms from sitting too long. "Man, that was some show," the demi-saiyan commented. "I can't believe that Mahora students are able to do those kinds of tricks so easily. It must have taken a lot of practice."

"Yeah, I agree," Yuna said. "They actually train the whole year just for this one event during the festival."

"That is amazing," Gohan noted as the two of them continued to walk along the road, spotting the various neon lights on display as well as the different signs and games that had been posted. As they continued to walk around, an awkward silence had befallen them. Neither of them was unsure whether to speak up or let the other person do the talking. Yuna was too nervous to think. She was walking beside Son Gohan once again but somehow it felt different the last time while Gohan was nervous on how to bring up the subject on who he really was. Then it hit him as he saw people go upstairs to the roofs. "Hey Yuna-san, let's go up to the roofs," Gohan said as he noticed that there was one roof that was empty of people.

"Eh?" Yuna said as she blushed red, thinking that Gohan was taking her there for a kiss. Was it really going to happen this time? Gohan grabbed hold of Yuna's hand and brought her along towards the roof. Yuna was mentally preparing herself as both of them had arrived to the roof.

Gohan began to look around as he let go of Yuna's hand. "This seems to be a good place," Gohan said as Yuna was turning redder by the minute. Oh my God, Yuna said to herself. I can't believe this is happening! Is this really going to happen?

"W-Wait, Gohan-kun, I-I'm not ready for this," stuttered Yuna as she desperately searched for a mirror to check herself and see if she was in good condition for the kiss. She wanted to be perfect for this moment.

"That's okay Yuna-san, I've been nervous about this too," Gohan said as he approached the young girl. "But I think it is the perfect time to do it. And perfect place too."

"O-Okay then," Yuna said as she closed her eyes and moved her lips into kissing formation.

Gohan blinked a few times. "Um…Yuna-san, what are you doing?" asked the demi-saiyan.

"Huh?" Yuna sounded as she opened her eyes to see Gohan looking at her weirdly. Her face lit up like a tomato in embarrassment once she realized that Gohan wasn't trying to kiss her. "Oh I was…uh…um, doing some lip exercises. To practice our language skills." Yuna sweat-dropped at her comment on how lame it was. She couldn't believe it.

"Oh, that's cool," Gohan said with a Son grin. "I didn't know that you did that in order to say certain words in a foreign language." Gohan let out a sigh. "Well, anyways…Yuna-san, remember when we went out together and we met this old guy named Hoi?" Yuna nodded. She remembered that moment all too well. She was angry at Gohan for stopping the date, but she let it slide just because she really liked the demi-saiyan. "Well, you see Hoi was from another planet and we had to stop this monster from destroying the Earth," Gohan said with a nervous sweat sliding down the side of his face. "I know it sounds crazy, but that's what happened."

Yuna stood motionless, not knowing what to say until a few seconds later she laughed out loud. "Ha ha ha! That's funny Gohan-kun! You didn't have to tell me a joke about why you stopped our date since it was okay. That was funny though," Yuna said.

"I'm being serious here," Gohan said. Yuna continued to laugh, causing Gohan to try to figure a way to convince her otherwise. Then he remembered something. Yuna was at the Budokai, watching him fight! Of course! Gohan said to himself. Why didn't I think of that before? "Yuna-san, I'm not joking around. I'm a protector of the Earth. After all, you saw my skills at the Budokai."

"Of course you are Gohan-kun," Yuna said. "In my eyes, you are the protector of the entire universe. Besides, you said it yourself during the Nodate that you and Chao were working together to make the tournament more appealing."

Gohan let out sigh. She definitely didn't believe a word he said. Desperate times call for desperate measures. "Maybe this could change your mind," the demi-saiyan as he pulled up his sleeve, catching the attention of the young girl. He pressed the button on the side of his watch causing it to bring out light that encompassed the entire of being of the demi-saiyan. Yuna covered her eyes from the light and when the light went away, Yuna's eyes were widened. Gohan had transformed into the Great Saiyaman! Gohan let out a smirk as he did his trademark poses. "I'm … the defender of the innocent…the champion of justice…I am the Great Saiyaman!"

Yuna was speechless for a second. Then, sparkles surrounded her face. "That was so cool Gohan-kun!" she said. "I didn't know that you had a costume of the Great Saiyaman!" Gohan face-faulted immediately.

"Yuna-san, I'm trying to tell you something here!" Gohan said as he got up from the floor and took off his sunglasses, revealing his onyx eyes. "I am…an alien." Yuna then burst out laughing once again.

"Gohan-kun, I didn't know you were such a comedian," Yuna said as she tried to act as decent as possible but Gohan's comments were just too funny for her. Gohan let out a sigh and decided to do something drastic. He balled his fists and let out a war cry that stopped Yuna from laughing and focused her attention on the demi-saiyan. Then suddenly, a blazing golden aura surrounded Gohan, causing some of the pebbles and dirt on the floor to rise up. The turban on his head began to burn away, revealing his blonde spiky hair. Gohan opened his eyes to reveal their jade color to the young girl. Yuna was gaped at the sight. "Gohan-kun…wh-wh-what are you? You're completely different."

"That's what I've been trying to tell you," Gohan said. "You see I'm an alien…well, technically half-alien, which is called a Saiyan. My Dad is from another planet called Planet Vegeta but my Mom is from Earth. What you see now is called a Super Saiyan, a skill that only those with Saiyan blood can possess and achieve," explained the young scholar-in-training.

"Why are you showing me this?" Yuna asked.

Gohan let out a sigh, making him return to his normal state. "Because I did promise that I would tell you everything didn't I?" Gohan said with a Son grin on his face. "I never go back on my promises. Ever."

"So what does being an alien have to do with anything?" Yuna asked, unsure why Gohan had to mention that fact.

"Well, because of my ancestry, I have great power," Gohan said. "My Dad and Piccolo-san taught me how to use it in order to protect my friends and those I care about. We gained this strength to protect the Earth and its inhabitants from anyone that is willing to kill its people or any other inhabitants just for the fun of it. My Dad, Son Goku, is the Earth's greatest hero. You wouldn't believe how many times he saved the Earth."

Then it hit Yuna like a lightning bolt. "So that's why when that old man mentioned about the Earth being destroyed, you turned all serious," Yuna said. "Now it all makes sense."

"Sorry that I didn't tell you before Yuna-san," Gohan said as Yuna took a seat at a nearby railing. "But if people were to find out about us and our skills, they would be all over our house trying to get an interview. We kind of like to keep it low key, especially my Mom."

"Now that you mention it, you were there when Cell appeared weren't you?" Yuna said, catching the demi-saiyan by surprise. Gohan looked away for a bit, which Yuna knew to be true. "I knew it! I knew I saw you guys before. When I saw you, Gohan-kun, and your father transform into a blonde, I knew something was familiar about it. And now I know. You were the little boy who fought against Cell weren't you?" Gohan nodded. "Oh my God, I'm sitting next to a hero!" And potentially in love with a hero as well!

(Insert Music: *The Flying Sequence / Can You Read My Mind?* By John Williams See profile for link. Please listen to it)

"Yuna-san, please don't mention this to anyone," Gohan pleaded as he took a seat next to the young girl. "I don't want to be viewed as a freak."

"But you are not a freak! You are a hero Gohan-kun! The whole world should know about it," Yuna said. She was about to say some more but she stopped when she noticed the look on Gohan's face. She immediately knew that it was really hard for him to say this to her. It must have taken a lot of courage. "I'm sorry Gohan-kun. I didn't realize that you wanted privacy that badly. I understand. I promise not mention this to anyone."

Gohan let out a smile. "Thank you Yuna-san," responded the demi-saiyan as the two of them looked up in the sky. There was some silence between them, but Gohan knew what Yuna was thinking, probably. "You can ask me any questions Yuna-san."

Yuna flinched a bit. She was surprised and a bit happy that Gohan knew her so well. "So, your powers…does it come from being an alien like Superman? I know that you mentioned that your Super Saiyan thingy came from being an alien."

"Not really. Most of it comes from long years of training in the martial arts," Gohan replied. Yuna was about to say something else, but Gohan stopped her when he said, "I know what you are thinking but it is known fact that if you train hard enough, you are able to tap into your ki, your life energy, and use it at your disposal. My power derives from that. A lot of my Dad's friends can do the same things like me."

"Like what?" Yuna asked.

"Like, for example, Bukujutsu, the Air Dance technique," Gohan said. "In this technique, you use your ki to levitate from the ground."

"You mean like flying?" Yuna asked. Gohan nodded his head. "How fast can you go?"

"Well…I don't know really. I never actually tried it before. I never really bothered to time myself," Gohan said as he got up. Then an idea hit him as he looked up at the sky. A smile grew on his face as he looked at Yuna, causing her to blush a bit. "Why don't we test it out ourselves?"

"What do you mean?" Yuna asked. "How are we supposed to do that?"

Gohan looked up at the sky as he said, "Take a ride with me and see for yourself."

"You mean I could fly?" Yuna said with a nervous laugh.

"Well, you could if you trained hard enough like Videl-san did before, but at the moment I would do the flying," Gohan replied with a Son grin on his face. "If that's okay with you, Yuna-san."

Yuna chuckled. "I don't know about that," Yuna said as she turned away from Gohan.

"Wait, where are you going?" Gohan asked. Yuna gaped as she noticed the look on the demi-saiyan's face. Gohan was being serious about this. She couldn't believe it. "Don't you want to try it out? It's going to be fun."

"I don't know…"

"Come on," Gohan said as he grabbed hold of Yuna's hands, causing the young girl to blush a bit. "Let's do it. You ready for this?" asked the demi-saiyan as he looked at Yuna's face.

"This has to be a dream," Yuna muttered as she had started to say her words out loud rather than say to herself. "This couldn't be real. It's like a page from a fairytale, like Peter Pan."

"I promise you that this is no dream," Gohan said. "Besides, Peter Pan is for children. This is no fairytale. Now hold on, it might be bumpy at the beginning." Then he grabbed Yuna by shoulders and lifted her up as they went up in the sky. Yuna immediately gasped and closed her eyes as they started to fly. Gohan looked forwards as the two of them went up into the sky. Yuna still had her eyes closed as they flew over the Mahora Campus. She opened them momentarily as she noticed the buildings around her were much shorter than she thought that was, until she looked down. Once she saw that she was actually in the air, she covered her eyes once again because of the heights.

Gohan let out a smile as he grabbed Yuna's hand and uncovered her eyes. Yuna was a bit scared at the moment but then she took a look around her and noticed the different lights that were in the sky that she never had seen before. However, because they were so high up, Yuna immediately wrapped her arm around Gohan's as he took them up even higher into the sky. She began to look around even more, amazed at all the sights that she was seeing up high in the sky. She looked down momentarily and saw the parade that they had for MahoraFest's second day. It was an incredible parade but she noticed it to be more amazing as she watched it from the skies. Gohan smiled even more as he turned his head to see how Yuna was doing. He was glad as he pointed out to Yuna the copy of the Arc de Triomphe in the distance. Yuna's eyes inspected further as she noticed the Arc approaching them…well, more accurately, they were approaching it.

Yuna's mouth was open as she stared at the Arc. It was an amazing piece of work that the organizers of the festival had done. It looked so real, even from so high above and so beautiful as well. There were various lights surrounding the Arc, illuminating like a Christmas tree with various different colors. Yuna couldn't believe what she was seeing as Gohan flew away from the Arc de Triomphe and over to the other areas of Mahora campus like the Tatsumiya Shrine, the Ferris wheel and other areas of the city. Yuna's face started to beam in happiness. This was a wonderful feeling, seeing all of this from above. It was like she was a bird, flying through the air and free. She looked at Gohan and began to wonder if Gohan ever felt the same way as she was right now. Gohan turned his head and smiled at the young girl causing her to blush. Gohan decided to take a step further as they went even higher and into the clouds.

Yuna closed her eyes as they entered through the clouds, fearing that something might happen like her slipping from Gohan's grasp or something. But once they passed through it, nothing happened! Yuna smiled as she wanted to try to fly. Well, flying in the sense that she wasn't holding onto Gohan's arm for dear life. She began to move away from the demi-saiyan's arm little by little. Gohan helped her as Yuna slide down all the way till they were holding hands. Now, Yuna was actually flying as Gohan gave out some pointers to leave out her arms like a wing of an airplane. However, as they kept on flying, her grip on Gohan's hand started to slip, until finally…she let go and fell downwards through the sky! She screamed out, fearing that she was going to die. Luckily though, Gohan came to the rescue as he saved the damsel in distress.

"I got you," Gohan said as two looked at each other, as if they were looking at each other's eyes lovingly. They spun around in circles a bit, still up high in the air. Yuna had her arms wrapped around Gohan's neck as the demi-saiyan smiled at the young girl as they took off. Yuna began to say to herself a poem that she came up with. Can you read my mind? Yuna asked in thought as if she were talking to Son Gohan.

Gohan then pointed forward as Yuna released her arms from around the demi-saiyan's neck and leaned into his arms. Do you know what it is you do to me? Then Yuna unwrapped herself and put her hands on the demi-saiyan's own as they flew forward through the sky. I don't know who you are; Gohan stopped their flight as they turned around in the mid-air to head back to the festival. Just a friend from another star.

Here I am like a kid out of school,Yuna said to herself as the two of them continued to fly through the sky. Holding hands with a god. I'm a fool. Gohan then let Yuna try it one more time as she flew through the air while holding hands with the demi-saiyan. Then Yuna tried to fly up and down like a wave as she continued to speak to herself. Will you look at me quivering, like a little girl shivering? The two of them looked at each other, smiles across their faces. You can see right through me.

Can you read my mind? Yuna asked herself one more time, maybe thinking that Gohan could have the power of telepathy and read her mind right at this very moment. Can you picture the things I'm thinking of? Yuna let out a laugh of happiness as the two of flew through the sky, without a care in the world. It was great feeling for Yuna as she continued to say to herself, Wondering why you are, all the wonderful things you are. Then Yuna started to shiver a bit, causing Gohan to realize that Yuna might be cold and it would be a good time to go back. Thank God she did that; otherwise he would have continued flying with her since he was having so much fun.

You can fly, you belong in the sky, Yuna said to herself as Gohan grabbed hold of her hand and guided the two of them back to Mahora campus. You and I could belong to each other. Yuna then looked down and noticed that they were going back to the same spot they started out from. The same spot where she found out that Gohan was an alien and a hero of Earth. She then gave one last look at the demi-saiyan as she said to herself, if you need a friend; I'm the one to fly to.

As they started to set down, Yuna blushed to herself at the closeness of her and Gohan as he had wrapped his arm around her to help landed more properly. If you need to be loved, she said to herself as she looked at Gohan with loving eyes, here I am. Read my mind. Gohan then grabbed her in bridal style as he landed on the ground softly. He let go of Yuna, but the young girl continued to look into the demi-saiyan's eyes as he did as well. A new feeling was overcoming him, catching him a bit by surprise. Gohan shook his head to get rid of those thoughts and focus on the moment. "Well, I hope that hasn't put you off from flying," Gohan said. Yuna was still entranced by the whole ordeal. "Statistically speaking, it is still the safest way to travel." He then noticed the look on Yuna's face. "Are you okay Yuna-san?"

"Huh?" Yuna sounded as she was snapped back into reality. "Oh sorry about that Gohan-kun, I was…just…" She began to stuttered, unsure on what to say. Her heart began to race even faster as she never felt this way before. She knew that she had liked Gohan but after this experience…it was like something out of this world. Maybe she was in love? Of course not, she thought. She promised herself that she was going to marry her father…but, after this…that was all about to change.

"Get some rest Yuna-san," Gohan said as he helped the young girl lean against the closest railing, fearing that Yuna was out of breath due to the flying. "I had a great time Yuna-san," smiled the demi-saiyan. "We should do it again sometime." Yuna nodded as Gohan began to walk away. "See you around. I'll come back to check up on you."

Gohan started to walk away from Yuna. Yuna's heart began to race even harder as she watched the demi-saiyan walk away from her. She didn't want to end it like this. Something like should be ended with something grand. "GOHAN-KUN!" She cried, running to the demi-saiyan. Gohan turned around, only to see Yuna come and grab him, and then suddenly…she kissed Gohan passionately on the lips. The demi-saiyan was shocked to say the least but somehow, it felt right. However, as soon as he tried to embrace her, the image of Asuna popped into his head, shocking the demi-saiyan. Gohan backed off, catching his breath a bit. Yuna was a bit shocked to say the least, but at the same time worried that she did something wrong that would maybe make Gohan like her even less. "I'm sorry about that Gohan-kun. I don't know what came over me," said Yuna.

Gohan let out a smile to reassure the young girl. "It's okay Yuna-san," said the demi-saiyan as he patted Yuna on the shoulder. "It's just that…you caught me a bit off guard that's all. I'm a little shocked to be honest."

"Oh," Yuna said as her face turned sad. Tears began to well up in her eyes.

"Hey," Gohan said as he lifted Yuna's face by the chin, "there is no need to cry."

"But now Gohan-kun will hate me," Yuna cried.

Gohan shook his head. "You're wrong Yuna-san," the demi-saiyan, stopping Yuna from crying even further. "I don't hate you or even like you any less. It's just that you caught me off guard, that's all. Just, next time, be sure to let me know ahead, okay?" Yuna nodded. Gohan smiled. He was about to give a lecture of the merits and relationships between a student and a teacher was highly scrutinized, but stopped himself because it would unfair to the all effort that Yuna put in trying to convey her feelings. However, he knew he couldn't be seen kissing his students like this. He was going to have to talk with some of the girls about this as it seemed to be cropping everywhere. Although, somewhere deep within his heart, there was a certain person that he wished he could be with. Why did she pop up in his head during the kiss? He wondered.

"Thank you Gohan-kun," Yuna said as she gave the demi-saiyan a peck on the cheek as she walked by. "Thank you so much for trusting me and showing me a great time. See you around the festival!" She said her goodbyes with Gohan doing the same, grateful that she had a good time with him. With that the young girl walked away, happy with the end result. She was also happy that she was now a maiden in love. She knew that there were girls after Gohan's heart. She made a pledge to herself that she would fight until her last breathe for her to be the one next to Gohan's side. Still, she couldn't believe that she was so forward like that. She was glad that she had fallen in love with a person like Son Gohan.



* * *



Meanwhile, in another part of Mahora City…

While Gohan was showing Yuna the view of Mahora through the sky, Asuna and Takamichi continued on with their date as they walked through the streets of Mahora. After Gohan had left the group, Asuna and Takamichi had faced a series of situations starting with a crying boy who lost his mommy, stopping a fight between delinquents which Takamichi handled with no problem, stop the circus animals from rampaging on the streets and also stop a rampaging machine from the engineering department of Mahora. All in all, it was quite a date for Asuna.

Once it reached night, the two of them watched the same parade that Gohan and Yuna were watching from the sky. Takamichi had to go to the bathroom for the moment while at that very moment, Ayaka and Asuna met up. They argued on why they both were dressed up so nicely and over the usual stuff they would always argue about. Takamichi had come in when the two of them were arguing and he let out a smile, happy that Asuna was getting along so well with her classmates. He was worried at the beginning when he brought her over from the other side that she wouldn't make any friends but thankfully she did.

Now the two of them were on the roof, gazing at the stars. Takamichi and Asuna looked on towards the parade as a nice breeze settled in. "The wind feels very nice," Takamichi commented with a smile on his face.

"Yes," Asuna nodded as a blush overcame her face. Now! Asuna said to herself. Now is the moment! There's no one else around. The setting and mood…they're perfect! Okay! I'm doing this! "Uh…umm, Takahata-sensei!"

"Hm?" Takamichi sounded as he looked at the orange haired girl. "What is it?"

"Well…the truth is…I…I…" Asuna said as she tried to muster her courage to say it. However… "I like to smile, don't you?"

Takamichi blinked a few times, curious as to why Asuna said that comment. He let out a smile, remembering that Asuna would always say something like that to him. "Yes, I do," the teacher said. "And I like your smile, too."

"Eh?" Asuna blushed heavily. That's not what I wanted to say! Asuna screamed at herself. Ahh! This is so hard to do! Nodoka was so brave to be able to do what she did. Then Asuna remembered something that Negi once told her when they first met.

"My grandfather always used to say, 'our magic isn't all-powerful,'" Negi said. "Having a little bit of courage is real magic."

Takamichi chuckled. "I must say, you've learned to smile a lot," Takamichi said. "I guess I have Yukihiro-kun to thank for that."

"That and," Asuna said, "also thanks to you, Takahata-sensei. You took care of me when I had no family, nobody else."

"Huh?" Takamichi sounded before scratching the back of his neck. "I really haven't done anything. You managed just fine on your own."

Asuna shook her head. "Not really," she said as she took a deep breath. "Takahata-sensei…ever since I was young…I've always…I've always been in love with you." Takamichi gaped, shocked to hear Asuna say those words to him. "And uh…if it's all right with you…I was hoping you could go out with me." Once Asuna said that, the image of a certain demi-saiyan popped into her head, causing her heart to ache a bit but that didn't stop from racing like crazy. What this, the right decision after all?

The air was silent between them. Asuna could only hear her heart beat very fast until finally, Takamichi spoke. "Thank you," he said. "It makes me happy. I appreciate that, Asuna-kun. But…" Takamichi tried to explain why but Asuna shook her head. "I'm sorry," he said.

"N-No," responded the orange haired girl. "I'm glad you told me."

"Asuna-kun…"

"Oh…umm…well, I think I'll call it a day," Asuna said with a fake smile on her face. Then she gave a stiff wave of goodbye at Takamichi. "Now if you'll excuse me…" Then she jumped off the roof



* * *



Meanwhile…

After finishing the date Gohan was took a walk through the crowds thinking about Yuna and what happened after. He kept remembering back to that kiss that they did with each other as well as the kiss with Konoka. He slightly touched his lips as he remembered the feeling. But his thoughts kept returning back to Asuna and the kiss that they shared. Did he really care for her that much? He wondered. He couldn't, he was her teacher. But he knew that Asuna, at this very moment, was probably still enjoying her date with Takamichi. Asuna-san, Gohan said to himself, I hope Takamichi-san can make you happy.

Gohan continued to walk when suddenly he had someone run into him, nearly knocking him down due to the speed that this person was going at. He held onto that person so they wouldn't get hurt, but when he looked down at the person, Gohan saw that it was Asuna that bumped into him. Her eyes were red with tears flowing down them, a strange and worrisome sight for the demi-saiyan.

"Asuna-san?" he asked calmly. "Asuna-san, tell me what's wrong?" Asuna looked up to him her eyes growing bigger before breaking out of his grip and running away. Gohan stood there in shock. He had never seen Asuna look so sad before.

"Gohan-sensei!" someone called out to him. Turning around he saw Ayaka running in his direction. "Gohan-sensei have you seen Asuna by any chance?" she asked when she stood next to him.

"She went down that way..." Gohan looked towards the direction the orange haired girl ran. "What happened to her Iincho?"

"She..." Ayaka was about to talk when Gohan raised his hand to stop her.

"Never mind. Go after her. She needs a good friend at this moment," Gohan calmly told Ayaka. "Go after her." Iincho looked at him for a moment before bowing and running after the orange haired girl. Gohan then looked up and searched for Takamichi's ki signature. With a quick engulfment of his blue aura, he went up into the air at super speed without caring about what the people around him saw him do.



* * *



Meanwhile…

On a nearby rooftop Takamichi stood smoking his cigarette, thinking about how he had just rejected Asuna while remembering her in her younger years. His train of thought was broken as he felt one person arrive. "Al…good to see you" he said as Ku:Nel Sanders landed next to him. Then he felt another presence coming at top speed towards him. He turned his head to see Gohan landed on the ground softly. Gohan had a stern look on his face. "And you too…Gohan-kun."

"You brushed her off didn't you Takamichi-kun," Ku:Nel said. "What a pity, she is such a lovely girl now too."

Takamichi had a sad smile as he looked at the two visitors. "Please don't start," Takamichi said.

Gohan then walked up to Takamichi as he grabbed the teacher's collar, surprising Ku:Nel. "Takamichi-san…why?" asked the demi-saiyan.

Takamichi didn't give a response as he turned his head the other way. Gohan gritted his teeth and clenched his hand into a fist as he gave a punch to Takamichi's face, surprising the teacher. Takamichi was shocked that someone like Gohan who was gentle in his nature would do something like this as he caressed his bruised cheek. "That was for making Asuna-san cry," Gohan said with a hint of anger, disappointment, worry and sadness all rolled up into one in his voice. "You are a fool, Takamichi-san. She only wanted to be loved by her crush. Why couldn't you just say yes? Asuna-san is a great person who is caring, fun to be around with, a hard worker, will always be there to help out and…"

"I… I don't have the right to be loved by others," Takamichi interrupted. "But I take it you care a lot for her."

"Yes, I do… but right now she needs her friends not me," Gohan said as he walked away from Takamichi. He was about to lift off but he turned his head around, showing some uncharacteristic killing intent at Takamichi. "Takamichi, if you do this again, you'll regret it," Gohan said as a blue blazing aura surrounded the demi-saiyan as he went up to the sky.

Takamichi sat up and took out another cigarette. "At least he can take care of her more than I could," he muttered while Ku:Nel simply watched the spectacle with great interest. However, he wasn't the only one as a mysterious figure, high up on the World Tree, watched with even greater interest. Despite that though, he wasn't showing any emotions on his face as his eyes lit up momentarily with new data being put into his system, preparing for his lord's plan of world domination.



* * *



Author's note: Hey everybody! Hope you guys enjoyed the chapter, especially that little scene with Gohan and Yuna flying across the skies. If you know from that scene is from, good for you! It should be kind of obvious since I left some big hints during that whole scene. I know that I said that I wouldn't insert music in my stories but I felt it was necessary here. Please listen to it! The link for the youtube video is on my profile page.

READ AND REVIEW! I can't stress that enough! Especially when you really should write at least a review given all the hard work I put into this. I'm thankful for the few who review every chapter but lately, it just seems people read without reviewing and that hurts me. A minute out of your time to review, I don't think is much to ask. I like it when my work is appreciated and I'm sure you authors out there know what I am talking about.

Anyways, see you around! Peace!





*Chapter 36*: Chao's Plan!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. See Chapter 1 for details.

Author's note: Hey everybody! How is it going? Hope you all had a good week. I am having a great time here in Japan, even though it is fricking cold here in Iwate prefecture. I am glad that a lot of people liked the last chapter and I am also glad about the many different ideas that people are sending me. I will have to think about them but I will let you know if I will use one of your ideas through PM if you have it. Keep those reviews coming! I enjoy reading them!

I want to thank theprincedonte for beta-reading this chapter! And now, let me present to everyone Chapter 36 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 36: Chao's Plan! Preparation for Battle!

Day two, right after the Mahora Budokai…

Chao chuckled some more as she began to take out something from her sleeve. "I am, am I?" Chao said.

Gandolfini, the black mage teacher, gritted his teeth and clenched his fists. He had enough! "That's it!" he yelled. "After her! There's no telling what she is capable of!" All the mages converged on Chao's position, ready to apprehend her. But then Takamichi saw something. It was watch and very strange looking one. The dials began to turn, engulfing Chao in a bright light.

Time seemed to slow down for everyone as Chao's figure began to disappear. But before she disappeared, she left some parting words for her pursuers. "See you again on the third day, my dear gentle-mages." And with that, she disappeared out of sight. She then suddenly found herself in the same spot as before but instead there being light outside, it was dark! Chao had just sent herself into the future, six hours later!

"Fhn, fhn, fhn," Chao chuckled. "Good, it worked. That was way too close for comfort. I feigned confidence in front of the teachers, but I was really worried that the Cassiopeia prototype unit 2 had only a little bit of magic left. The maximum I could time jump was a half a day." Chao turned her head in both directions, seeing if there was anyone waiting for her in the wings. Apparently not, the coast was clear. The Chinese genius let out a smirk. "Still, there's no way they would think that I escaped into the future. I should get moving before someone finds me. I still have work to do…"



* * *



Meanwhile…

Ayaka, Setsuna and Kaede were near the fountain that Asuna and Takamichi were earlier. They were discussing on what just happened as Ayaka had run into Asuna, tears all over her face. After a heart to heart talk with Ayaka, Asuna left to be alone. As they were about to go their separate ways, the group heard a voice calling to them. "Setsuna-san…Iincho!" Negi called out as he and Konoka were running towards the group.

"Negi-sensei!" Ayaka said as she turned her head and saw the two of them.

Negi looked around and noticed someone was missing as he had noticed Asuna running in this direction earlier. "Where's Asuna-san?" asked the boy teacher.

Ayaka smiled at the boy teacher as she explained the situation to the boy teacher. "I think we should let… Asuna-san have some privacy for now."

"Huh?" sounded Negi, confused as to why Asuna needed privacy.

Konoka let out a disappointed sigh. "I see. So it didn't work out," Konoka stated more than asked. "Asuna tried so hard, too…"

"Yes…" Ayaka responded sadly.

"Takamichi…turned Asuna-san down?" asked a confused Negi. "Wh-Why? Asuna-san is so pretty and strong and cool…why did he turn her down!"

Ayaka bent over to Negi, ready to explain more on the subject. "Negi-sensei, these things…" However, before Ayaka could say anymore, she was interrupted by the untimely appearance of the Narutaki twins.

"What? What? What are you guys talking about!" an excited Fumika shouted as she and her sister appeared right behind the boy teacher.

"Listen up you guys, I think 3-A should throw a party to celebrate the second night of the festival!" Fuuka said.

"Chizu-ne and Yotsuba-san said they'd prepare a gorgeous dinner!" continued Fumika, her sister, as her face was almost watering at the mouth and eyes were sparkling just at the thought of so much food. Good thing that Son Goku wasn't there to hear that part. Well, actually…

"Can I come?" spoke a voice surprising everyone. They turned around to see the Saiyan hero standing before them with a Son grin on his face.

"G-Goku-san!" Negi cried. "What are you doing here?"

"Well…I'm not sure actually," Goku said with a laugh. "I was walking around when I heard about food being mentioned." The Saiyan turned around to the Narutaki twins and asked, "So how big of a meal are we talking about?"

"Grand!" Fuuka cried.

"There should incredible amounts of delicious foods!" Fumika added, causing Goku's mouth to water a bit. The Saiyan started to imagine the grand feast in his mind. It was going to be like a dream come true for him! He needed to come!

"Yosh! Count me in then!" Goku said.

"Then, tonight at 12, everyone from 3-A and friends must participate! It's mandatory!" Fuuka said in a nice guy pose.

However, before the three of them could talk more about the party, Kaede hoisted the twins up by the back of their tops and pushed Goku aside. "Hai, hai we're in the middle of something de-gozaru," Kaede said as she pulled the twins and the Saiyan away from the group so as to not disturb their conversation again.

"So ojou-sama," Setsuna said, amidst the noise that was occurring behind her, "Asuna-san went to Evangeline-san's resort on her own. Maybe you should check up on her?"

Konoka nodded in agreement. "Okay," she said. "I'll take care of it, Se-chan." With that, Konoka was off, waving goodbye to the group. She was worried about her friend but more importantly, she was worried about Gohan. She hadn't seen the demi-saiyan and if he had heard about what happened to Asuna, he might have gone to where she was at and tried to console her. However that might not be the best course of action, especially when Asuna has feelings for Son Gohan. Konoka knew that she needed to get there first. Oh how she wished she knew on how to detect ki signatures like Gohan and his friends do.

As Konoka ran from the group, Negi tried to follow the young girl as he said, "I'm coming too!" However, he went no further as Setsuna grabbed hold of his hand, stopping the boy teacher.

"Negi-sensei!" Setsuna said. Negi turned his head around, curious as to why Setsuna stopped him. "I don't think you should go, Negi-sensei."

"Then I'll go find Takamichi!" cried the boy teacher. "I'll ask him to reconsider his decision about Asuna-san!"

"What!" Setsuna said, a bit shocked that Negi would go that far for Asuna's sake. "That's not a good idea Negi-sensei…"

"Why not?" Negi questioned. "Asuna-san was trying so hard! I can't watch her get rejected."

Ayaka walked before the boy teacher as she began to speak," Negi-sensei…"

However, her moment was stolen by an unlikely person…Kaede! "Love is a relationship between two people and their hearts," Kaede said while Ayaka clenched her fists in frustration. She took my line! Ayaka said to herself as Kaede continued her speech, "Sometimes, it just doesn't work out…and there's nothing that can be done about it."

"But…" Negi tried to argue about why he should go, but was stopped when Ayaka placed her hands on the boy teacher's shoulders.

Ayaka let out a smile as she said, "I'm sure that Asuna-san will appreciate your concern."

"Right now," added Setsuna, "there's nothing to be done, Negi-sensei."

Negi let out a sigh, worried about how Asuna was feeling. After all, he cared for all of his students. Of course, that didn't mean he knew much on the area of love. That was a bit too complicated for him, especially when he was only ten years old. I wonder how much Gohan-san knows about love, Negi said to himself as he and the rest of the girls were walking together along one of the streets in Mahora campus. Maybe I can ask for his advice. Then suddenly, all of them spotted Ku Fei up ahead, nibbling on a delicious nikuman with melted cheese in it.

"Ku-roshi!" Negi called out, grabbing the Chinese girl's attention.

"Nemi-moumu," muttered Ku-Fei with her mouth full of food. She was surprised to see the boy teacher that she began to eat quickly and try to run away. However, her escape plan failed when the boy teacher and the group arrived to where Ku Fei was sitting at.

"What's the matter?" asked Negi. "You seem down. Did something happen?"

"I-I-It's nothing-aru," Ku Fei said. "It's not as if I'm keeping something secret from Negi-bouzu…uh…um…well…" She took a deep breath and decided to tell them the secret. And to be honest, it was quite shocking to everyone.

"Eh Chao-san is quitting school!" All of them cried in shock.

"I…Is this true?" asked Negi seriously.

Ku Fei realized that maybe she shouldn't have revealed the secret after all. "I… uh…well she didn't look like she was joking-aru. Furthermore she says that she will leave the campus right after the school festival ends tomorrow-aru," explained the Chinese martial artist.

"B-But she didn't say anything at the tournament today," Negi said. "I'm her teacher and I haven't been told!"

"Chao wanted me to give this to you, Negi-bozu," Ku-Fei said, handing the boy teacher a letter with the letters 'Withdrawal notice' written on it.

"It's a withdrawal notice…so she is really leaving…" Negi said sadly.

"It seems like she has to return to her homeland-aru. Really, it was so sudden I was shocked-aru" Ku-Fei said, remembering what Chao told her before and how much fun it was hanging around the class was, especially when Son Gohan came into the class.

I…I see" stuttered Negi before his phone went off. "Yes, this is Negi. All right…a meeting? Yes, I'll look for Gohan-san but what is it abo…huh?" Suddenly, Negi's eyes flung open in shock as he cried out, "What was that about, Chao-san! Wh-What do you mean by that?"

"Negi-bozu what is it?" Ku Fei asked.

"It's nothing!" Negi cried. "Um…something has come up so…I'll see you later!" With that, Negi rushed away from the group of girls, whom were confused and worried about the facial expression that Negi's face was showing. Setsuna excused herself as well, thinking that Negi would need her help soon as she took off. But then she remembered something Gohan once said. Her eyebrows frowned in seriousness as she decided to pick up speed. I better tell Gohan-sensei, Setsuna said to herself.



* * *



Meanwhile…

Around the same time Chao was bidding farewell to the various clubs that she was in. After saying goodbye to everyone, she headed towards the fountain that was well known in Mahora campus. "Chao…have you finished saying farewell to everyone?" asked Hakase as she stood next to Chachamaru.

"More or less," answered the Chinese genius. "I'm basically tidying up some personal matters more than saying goodbye."

"Ahahahaha," laughed Hakase, "now don't be like that." Hakase recollected herself as she then spoke in a serious voice with a hint of worry behind it. "Chao-san, can't you hold off going back home for just a little bit?" questioned Hakase.

"It would be nice if you could graduate with the class," commented Chachamaru."

"If I miss my window tomorrow, I won't be able to go back home again for 22 years," Chao explained. "I can't wait that long. If it weren't for the unusual phenomenon, I would have stayed another year."

"Yeah, you don't have a choice," Hakase sighed.

"Hakase…tears are not fitting for those that have dedicated our lives to science like we have," Chao stated, catching Hakase by surprise as she tried to hide away her tears.

"What! Tears? Me? It can't be!" Hakase denied. Then she and Chachamaru got into an argument of whether or not Hakase was really tearing up while Chao simply sweat-dropped at the conversation, stating that Chachamaru's AI had evolved quite a lot. "But Chao-san is this alright?" asked Hakase. "You're sure about continuing with the plan? If you do, Negi-sensei and Gohan-sensei will forever remember you as the problem child."

"It's unfortunate that we couldn't bring them over to their side," Chao stated. "I observed them during the tournament and while Negi-bozu is very stubborn for his age, Gohan-kun has already cemented himself in his beliefs. They won't join our cause. Negi-bozu came here with a purpose, just as I did. I don't care what others might think. I'm here to complete my mission."

"And what about him?" Hakase asked. "Shouldn't we worry about him as well?"

Chao chuckled. "Let him do what he wants," said the Chinese genius. "I'm using him for my mission. That is all. I highly doubt that he wouldn't trouble Gohan-kun at all."

"I like your determination, Chao Lingshen," spoke a voice, catching everyone by surprise. Chao, Hakase and Chachamaru turned their heads around to see Evangeline floating on a broomstick wearing a witch's hat.

"With the last day of the school festival approaching, you seem to have recovered quite a bit of your magical power, Maga Nosferatu Evangeline," Chao said with a smirk on her face.

"Don't worry; I'm staying out of this," Eva said with a grin on her face. "Tomorrow is another day of the festival. I'll observe your actions as entertainment while I drink. However, let me warn you; the assistant is not someone that can be trampled with. I have seen what he can do and believe me, anything you can think of he will beat it. But trouble the boya as much as you like I don't mind…I'll even lend Chachamaru to you just don't break her."

"Thank you very much, mistress," said the gynoid.

Then suddenly Chao's cell phone started to ring and vibrate, creating curious looks from everyone. "Mail, who is it from?" asked Hakase.

"Heh, heh," chuckles the Chinese genius. "Looks like I'll have a confrontation before the final day of the festival." Chao's mouth grew into a smirk as she read the mail that stated that Negi wanted to meet with Chao one on one.



* * *



A few minutes later…

Negi was walking along the roof with an eerie noise surrounding him. The clock tower bells began to ring loudly as Negi continued to walk, remembering a few things on what happened at the meeting. He couldn't believe that Chao had done something like that, and to one of her teachers especially! He needed to help her student. "Negi-bouzu," Chao called Chao to the boy as they stood on a roof overlooking the world tree, "What did you want to talk to me about one-on-one? I don't suppose its guidance counseling?"

"Chao-san…the day before the school festival started, Gohan-san and I protected you from the magical teachers that were after you," said the boy teacher. "We did that because you're one of our students, Chao-san." Negi then took out the time watch that Chao had lent him. "You lent us this when you saw that we were in need of help. Gohan-san and I are very grateful. However, why did you turn in a withdrawal notice so suddenly? Please tell me. Why…do you want to do bad things?

"Bad things, huh?" Chao repeated. "That's what the magical teachers told you?"

"Capturing Takamichi and locking him up underground is a bad thing," the boy teacher said. "One more…I was told that you're trying to reveal the existence of magic to the general public. That's what the other teachers told me! As your teacher, I won't believe it unless I hear it from you, Chao-san!" Negi pleaded slightly. "And once I meet up with Gohan-san, I'll be able to explain the situation to him properly."

"What will you do, if it's the truth?" Chao asked calmly.

"W-Well, as your teacher I would…are you saying they're right!" Negi exclaimed.

Chao let out a smile. "It's the truth."

Negi's eyes widened at the revelation. "Will you tell me why! Why, would you do such a thing!"

"What if I say…I can't tell you?"

Negi clenched his fist as his eyes turned all serious. "Then as your teacher, I have to stop you," Negi said. "I think it's my duty to stop my students from going down the wrong road."

"Interesting," Chao responded. "Fine, let's go."

"Huh?"

"See if you can stop me…Negi-sensei."

Negi's eyes widened even more at the challenge that Chao was making. Was this girl really serious? "W-Wait a second!" pleaded Negi. "Tell me why…" Suddenly the World Tree started to shine ever so brightly, catching the boy teacher by surprise. "The World Tree!"

"Wow, this is fabulous," Chao said. "The last day is approaching. It's going to be the brightest flare in twenty-two years. I hear that the general public is being told that it's a type of phosphorescent moss. Now…" Chao turned her attention on the boy teacher with a smirk on her face, "It'll be very difficult for you or Gohan-kun to stop me."

"What?" Negi said with a confused look on his face. "Chao-san, you can't use magic and from what Ku-roshi tells me, you can't control ki either. I don't think you should challenge me…"

"Feh," Chao chuckled, causing the boy teacher to stop talking. "Negi-bozu, if our lives were to be made into a story, would you consider yourself to be the hero?" questioned the Chinese genius, catching Negi by surprise. "Have you ever thought that you might be the bad guy?"

"Eh?"

"There's no good or evil in real life," Chao said. "It's all subjective. Well, I wouldn't go that far…" Then suddenly Chao appeared right behind Negi as she spoke, "Those who succeed in the end…are those with power." Negi's eyes flung wide open at the surprise that he got. What the! "They may be good, or evil."

Negi shundo-ed himself out of there; he tried to move away from Chao's position. Once he was in good distance, Negi began to ponder on what the hell just happened. Did she shundo? Negi asked himself. I didn't sense her at all. Negi clenched his fist as he tried to plead with Chao before she made a grave mistake. "Wait!" Negi said. "I have no intention of fighting you, Chao-san. I need you to at least tell me why, I…"

"Hmm" interrupted Chao. "I have an idea. I'll tell you my reasons. And I'll even stop doing 'bad things'…"

"Really?"

"Only if…" Chao then got herself in a fighting pose, catching the boy teacher by surprise, "you beat me in combat, Negi-bozu. And…if you lose, Negi-bozu, you and Gohan-kun will have to join me."

"Eh…wai…" Negi pleaded again but like last time, he was cut off by Chao.

"I'll tell you my reasons. Either way, you'll find out! Good for you. Are you ready? Let's go." Chao then launched herself, rushing forward towards Negi's position. Negi immediately activated his Cantus Bellax as Chao was right in front of him, ready to attack. In response, Negi punched out, meeting Chao's elbow. Following up the connection that formed a small shock wave that wasn't very noticeable, the two of them locked in a flurry of punches, kicks and defensive techniques. Parries blocked blows, but it was obvious the two of them had their fair share of connecting blows. The blows were heavy and hard with every assault.

She uses a different style than Ku-roshi, Negi said to himself as he kept exchanging blows with Chao. She's equal to Ku-roshi in terms of speed and power! Chao-san's a master herself. "All right!" Negi said with a determined look on his face. "You're serious, aren't you!"

"Yes!" Chao responded. "Martians don't tell lies!" Negi hesitated slightly when he heard that comment, allowing her to land a kick to his face before rushing forward with her assault. She's strong, Negi commented to himself. But…not as strong as Master, Gohan-san or Father! Suddenly Negi created a series of magic arrows.

"Ras Tel Ma Scir Magister Undecim Spiritus Aerials Vinculum Facti!" chanted the boy teacher as she jumped away only for him to Shundo in front of her and parry her blow landing his free hand on her. "Sagitta Magica Aer Capturae!" he called as his arrows formed bonds around Chao.

"Well done, Negi-bozu…as expected of the third place winner to the Mahora Martial Arts Tournament," Chao said as the bonds continue to tie around her.

"I'm sorry I have to do this to my student but…we need to be able to talk about your reasons," Negi said.

"No worries," Chao said. "I started this fight…" As the last ribbon landed her body, she suddenly disappeared and reappeared right behind the boy teacher. "I'm so sorry, Negi-bozu." Negi's eyes flung open at the sight as he noticed Chao taking off her cloak. How was that even possible! "This is going to hurt, but we're in combat. Don't hold it against me," Chao said as her fist crackled with electricity before smacking Negi into one of the nearby columns. A loud explosion occurred as the column was completely destroyed. Chao walked calmly over to the crash site, seeing Negi on the floor. "So…would it be fair to say I beat you, Negi-bozu?"

"Uh…n-not yet," the boy teacher managed to say as his body felt the strain of the electricity around it. "I'm not done yet," he said as he grabbed Chao's wrist.

"I'll need you to nap for a bit. The explanation will come later," Chao said raising her hand to his face. Suddenly, Negi noticed something glowing in front of her hand. His body began to tremble as he immediately recognized what Chao was trying to do.

However, the attack never came as a voice cried out, "MASENKO HAAA!" A large ki beam came down from the sky and landing on the ground where she was stood, causing an explosion that forced the Chinese genius to go backwards and away from Negi Springfield. "I told you before that if you were to betray Negi-san's trust," spoke a voice as a figure landed on the ground, showing off his white boots, green tunic and black body suit, "I wouldn't stand by quietly about it, Chao Lingshen." It was Son Gohan in his Saiyaman outfit! His usual white turban and his sunglasses were nowhere to be seen as the demi-saiyan stared sternly at the Chinese girl with his onyx eyes.

"Ah Gohan-kun, so good to see you," Chao said, "Glad that you came to our little party."

"Gohan-san!" Negi said. "What are you doing here?"

"Setsuna-san told me about what happened," Gohan said as he gave a quick look at Negi Springfield. "I see you were holding back your strength Negi-san...significantly." Chao's eyes widened. He was withholding his strength? Chao exclaimed to herself as she began to wonder how much the boy teacher was holding back.

"But Gohan-san, Chao-san is our student," Negi said, his eyes moving away from Gohan's stare. "I couldn't harm her."

"Yeah and look at what she did to you!" Gohan shouted, surprising Negi a bit. "I understand how you feel Negi-san as I would have sought to avoid a fight as well, but after what she has done to you and Takamichi-san, I don't think I would stand by so quietly. You shouldn't either. Anyways, we'll talk more about this later. Right now, I have more important matters to deal with." Gohan then turned his full attention on the Chinese genius. "What is it that you are planning Chao?" the demi-saiyan asked sternly. "You promised that you wouldn't harm Negi-san!"

"This isn't anything bad, Gohan-kun. Both parties agreed to the terms prior to the match. As for my plan, I can't tell you that Gohan-kun," Chao said with an innocent smile on her face as she positioned herself in a fighting pose. "But how about if you try to force it out of me with a clash of fists? I always wanted to have the chance to fight you one-on-one."

Gohan's eyebrows furrowed even more as Negi tried to stop the fight between the demi-saiyan and Chao. "Gohan-san, Chao-san please don't fig…" Negi pleaded but was cut off when Gohan raised his hand.

"Negi-san, stay out of this. This is between me and Chao," Gohan said sternly as the air around him started to pick up. Negi then began to feel a great power emanate from the demi-saiyan. The boy teacher immediately knew that Gohan's ki was being released due to his anger. Negi began to panic a bit. If Gohan let out his anger right now on Chao, the Chinese girl wouldn't be able to survive the onslaught. Gohan put himself in his usual fighting pose, a stern look on his face. "Chao, I accept your challenge," said the demi-saiyan. "And this time, you will be definitely held responsible for what you have done! I'm taking you in!"

"Try it," Chao challenged but as soon as she said that, Gohan's figure disappeared as he went into super speed, shocking the Chinese girl. Chao turned her head to see Gohan behind her, his arm pulled back for a devastating attack. The demi-saiyan balled his hand into a fist as he went for the attack. The punch landed a direct hit on Chao, sending the poor girl flying to the wall. Negi cried in panic, afraid that Gohan might have killed her.

The boy teacher rushed to the rubble but was stopped by Gohan's voice. "She is all right Negi-san," said the demi-saiyan. Negi was confused. How could Chao be all right after an attack like that? "I don't know how but Chao was able to avoid the brunt of my attack."

"What? How?" Negi asked.

"That's what I would like to know," Gohan replied. "Would you care to tell us, Chao?" At that moment, Gohan turned his whole body as he went into a defensive position. Negi was curious as to why Gohan would use such a pose. However, he saw a figure suddenly appear right at the moment that Gohan put up his guard.

It was Chao! "Heh, as expected of Gohan-kun," Chao said as she suddenly appeared in front of the demi-saiyan. "You can even sense me with this speed. Even with the newest type of military-use reinforced outfit, I'm no match for you. However…" Suddenly, Chao vanished completely, leaving no trance of her ki. Gohan turned wide-eyed when he couldn't sense her ki anymore. That was when he knew something was wrong when he heard Chao's voice behind him. "I have other methods," the Chinese genius said as she gave electric-enhanced punch to Gohan's back, sending the demi-saiyan flying.

Gohan mumbled a cursed as he corrected himself in mid-air and landed on his feet, skidding lightly across the floor. His eyes continued to look sternly at Chao, but he was quite shocked that someone like her was able to get behind him so easily. And without a trace of ki either! How is that possible? Gohan said to himself. I should have been able to sense something. It was as if she had disappeared from existence. How is that even possible? Gohan put himself back in a fighting stance as did Chao as well.

The two of them continued their staring contest for a few seconds, before the two warriors launched at each other. Both of them sent flurries of punches and kicks, with each of them blocked accordingly. Gohan clenched his teeth as their two fists collided with one another, forcing him and Chao backwards. He needed to figure out how Chao was able to get behind him and also, her suit was emitting something. It was as if she was fitted with Saiyan strength. It wasn't possible! Suddenly, Chao disappeared again. Gohan closed his eyes for a moment as he tried to sense Chao's ki. Within a second later, the demi-saiyan opened his eyes to see Chao right above him trying to land an electric-enhanced punch at him. He put his arms in a cross position and blocked the punch accordingly. I see, Gohan said to himself. A powerful electrical discharge…this is what got me and Negi-san. I need to get on the offensive and quickly incapacitate her before she does any more harm.

Gohan pushed Chao's punch of his guard as he went on the offensive. He started his attack with a high right kick to Chao's face, then an upwards left kick that launched her up in the sky. Gohan quickly followed pursuit as he landed a punch on Chao's chest then an elbow strike to the face and then a roundhouse kick. And then another kick was given to Chao that sent the Chinese genius flying across the sky. Gohan disappeared and then reappeared quickly above Chao's position as he laid out a forearm attack on Chao. Chao was then sent flying to the ground as she landed on all fours. She quickly stood up and looked around for the demi-saiyan. Suddenly, she felt a presence behind her. She turned around to see Gohan with his knees bent and his hands in a cupped formation. "KAMEHAME-HAAA!" screamed Gohan as he launched his father's signature technique at the Chinese genius. The blast tore through the roof and went towards the sky so as to not hit any nearby people.

Negi clenched his fist in worry but he didn't need to worry if Chao was still alive. Gohan would make sure of that. After all, the Kamehame-Ha wasn't very strong. Negi could have even batted that blast away with some difficulty but someone like Chao would have no chance against the attack. It was the perfect way to stop her. He let out a sigh of relief, thankful that Gohan was holding back in this fight. Suddenly, Negi felt a screech coming from the watch.

Gohan landed on the ground. "It's over," the demi-saiyan said. However, suddenly Chao appeared right in front of the demi-saiyan with a smile on her face and waving at him.

"Hi Gohan-kun," Chao said. Gohan's whole body jolted. His eyes were wide open as he noticed that Chao had no injuries on her whatsoever! His body staggered a bit as he fell down on his behind in shock. Th-that can't be, Gohan said to himself. I didn't sense any ki presence when she escaped and no ordinary human could escape a blast like that. What the hell just happened! Negi at the side took out the time piece. Just now Cassiopeia…?

"Well Gohan-kun, shall we continue?" Chao said with a sly smile on her face. Suddenly, she caught Gohan and Negi by surprise when she suddenly cupped her hands together and had her knees bent. Nervous sweats began to slide down their faces. "I feel it is necessary to use a technique since you did one as well Gohan-kun. So, why not with a well-known technique that you are all so acquainted with…the Kamehame-Ha!"

"Impossible," Gohan muttered as he stood up. He put himself in a defensive position, his hands out to his sides. "Ku Fei-san told me that you can't use ki."

"Well…maybe I slightly distorted the truth," Chao said with a smile on her face.

"What?"

"KA…" Chao began to chant. "ME…" A blue ball began to form in her cupped hands that were at the side. "HA… ME…" Gohan crossed his arms together in an x-formation as Chao unleashed her attack. "HAAA!" She launched forward her arms, releasing a Kamehame-Ha wave! The beam was small but Gohan knew it was going to pack a punch. It would seem that Ku Fei was right as Chao's Kamehame-Ha had no control over it. If Gohan wasn't careful, she could hurt someone with that attack. It's best if he were to take the blast head on so as to not have any one get injured.

However, before the blast could even reach Gohan's position, a loud chant was heard. "Shinmei-ryuu Decisive Battle Secret Technique: SHIN RAIKOUKEN!" A loud explosion occurred as the two attacks collided with each other. Both Gohan and Chao covered themselves from the blast. They immediately looked up to see Setsuna and Kaede heading towards their position.

"Setsuna-san! Kaede-san!" Negi yelled as he saw his two students land on either side of Gohan.

"Well, well, it seems the cavalry has arrived," Chao stated.

"What are you two doing here?" Gohan asked. "This is a private matter between teacher and student. You guys shouldn't get involved."

"True, but we felt that you needed our help Gohan-kun de-gozaru," Kaede said. "We were waiting in the shadows to see if you were in trouble. Besides Chao-san is our classmate and we felt it was our duty as a class to stop her from doing bad things."

"Gohan-sensei let us back you up. This is a matter that involves all of our class," Setsuna said as she and Kaede stepped forward. Gohan wasn't sure on how to respond. He, like Negi, didn't want to get more people involved as it was. However, when he noticed the determined looks on both Setsuna's and Kaede's faces, he knew that there was no stopping them. Gohan let out a sigh, indicating that he had given in and was going to allow them to help out. Then within a second, the two girls shundo-ed at either side of Chao, grabbing her shoulders. Despite that though, in an instant, Chao was in front of them as each of their hairs became undone as Chao had managed to grab their hair ties.

Chao gave a small smile. "So…can I keep these as a memento?" Chao asked. Everyone, including Gohan himself, was surprised at how she was able to escape the grasp of two of the fastest warriors in the class amongst the girls. She was able to escape their grasp so easily and without any difficulty, Gohan said to himself as Chao continued to speak, "Heh, I think playtime is over. This is fortunate, since I'll be able to take you out of service for a while." Gohan began to ponder on what technique Chao was using as he gritted his teeth together. It is definitely not Shundo or Shukuchi, Gohan said to himself. It's gotta be the Instantaneous Movement technique that Kibit Kaioshin-sama uses! But that's impossible! How could Chao know about that technique? If it is true that she knows that technique, Kaede-san and Setsuna-san are powerless to stop her. I would be able to hold out for a while if I were to transform into a Super Saiyan or beyond as I can match up that speed. Hopefully. Gohan looked at Negi's position and realized that Negi had come to the same conclusion. The demi-saiyan clenched his fists. He didn't want to go into a Super Saiyan, especially against a student. What was he going to do?

"Right!" Kaede shouted. "We can't beat her!"

"Huh?" sounded both Negi and Gohan as they were completely caught by surprise by Kaede's declaration of defeat.

"Negi-sensei, Gohan-kun, time to retreat!" Kaede called out as the four of them jumped into the air and hurried along towards another spot. Gohan floating in the sky while the others jumped across the roofs of Mahora City.

"Where are they running off to?" asked Chao as she took off after them.

"Kaede-san where to?" asked Gohan as they tried to run away from Chao

"The 3rd abandoned school building de-gozaru," Kaede replied.

"What! Shouldn't we capture Chao-san first?" asked Negi.

"That's not gonna happen tonight," Kaede replied. "We'll be fine."

As the three landed on the roof, Negi turned to Kaede and asked, "K-Kaede-san, what are we supposed to do by running to a place like this?" Gohan was wondering as well as he noticed several presences on this roof. Some of them felt familiar to them. Could it be that Kaede had some kind of plan right from the beginning?

"It's alright Negi-bouzu," Kaede said as Chao landed herself on the same rooftop. Negi and Gohan immediately turned around and put themselves in a fighting pose.

"So…this must be the location for our final battle," Chao said with a small wave of her hand as she observed her surroundings. "I may be a bit outnumbered here, so I called for some reinforcements."

Suddenly, two people landed on the roof. Gohan's and Negi's eyes widened when they saw the two figures that had just landed. It was Mana and Chachamaru! "Hey Negi-sensei and Gohan-sensei," greeted Mana as she and Chachamaru stood by Chao's side.

"Commander Tatsumiya, Chachamaru-san! Why?" asked a shock Negi. Gohan didn't say anything as he simply stared at the two new guests sternly. The robot gave no answer to Negi's question as Mana stared at the demi-saiyan with a pleased look on her face.

"Gohan-sensei, I've always wanted to fight you. I have been training for this moment when I would face against your power and ability to transform into the Gold Fighter," Tatsumiya said causing Gohan to frown a bit.

"I would say that I'm surprised that it's you Tatsumiya-san. However, if I were to guess, Chao paid you well," Gohan said. "Well, if you are an ally of Chao's, then I have no choice but to defeat you Tatsumiya-san. I hope you are ready for what is coming next." Mana nodded in agreement as she prepared herself for incoming battle.

However, Negi stepped in, stopping anything that might have happened right then and there. "Wait a second! No, this isn't right! There shouldn't be fighting between teachers and students as well as among classmates! I won't allow it!" Negi cried out.

Gohan turned his head. "But Negi-san, Chao has done terrible things. She must be stopped," the demi-saiyan said. But as he was about to continued, Negi took a step forward, his arms out pleadingly. "Negi-san?"

"I'll admit to defeat! I-I'll join your cause, Chao-san," Negi said, catching Setsuna and Gohan by surprise. Negi-san what are you doing? Gohan asked himself. "So please…don't do this anymore!"

"You're a good person, Negi-bozu," Chao said. "But…I can't stop."

"Ch-Chao-san!" Negi cried out.

"Negi-bozu, Gohan-kun," Kaede called, grabbing both the boy teacher's and the demi-saiyan's attention. "Do not worry. We still have an ace in the hole de-gozaru."

"Huh?" Gohan and Negi questioned. Suddenly the panels by the roof began falling forward slamming down with flashing lights blinding Chao and the others. The entirety of class 3-A were there with party poppers. "WELCOME TO CHAO-LIN'S GOODBYE PARTY!" they all shouted together.

"Chao, Chao, you can't leave us like this!" cried one of the girls as they all crowded round her.

"Why didn't you tell us anything?" asked another.

"Is it actually true that you're transferring out Chao?" asked Akira at the side.

"It's true," Chao replied. "I have to attend to a family emergency."

"I see… it's true huh…" Yuna said with a gloomy look on her face.

"If it's a family thing, then it can't be helped," added Makie.

Yuna then grabbed Chao's hands crying comically as she asked, "Does that mean we can't eat super-cheap, super-tasty pork buns anymore!" Chao giggled shaking her head.

"Hahaha! It'll be alright if you go ask Satsuki for them," Chao said.

Ayaka then took Chao on stage where Misa and the others had been playing earlier in the party. "So then, as the Class Rep, I'd like to give a toast. As you're all aware by now, our classmate, Chao-san, will be leaving Mahora Academy Girls' Junior High School and transferring to a school in her hometown. This was a great surprise to many of us. I had hoped that our class could all graduate together, but she must leave because of a family matter. Chao-san is one of the most brilliant students in our school." Her speech went on until Yuuna and Fuuka gave her a double kick for going on too long and being too sappy, telling her to make it more cheerful. Ayaka agreed to their proposition after calming herself for almost going off on Yuuna and the others. "You people…very well. Let's make this a cheerful occasion. Let's celebrate Chao-san's new journey by raising our drinks. Cheers!"

As the class celebrated, Gohan, Negi, Setsuna and Kaede all looked at the party from the sidelines. The demi-saiyan let out a smile as he turned to Kaede. He was about to say something but Negi beat him to the punch. "So this is the ace in the hole that you were talking about Kaede-san?" the boy teacher asked the ninja girl currently wearing tanuki ears complete with a tail.

Kaede nodded. "Hai."

"Still," Gohan continued, "you took a big chance, Kaede-san. What if Chao attacked anyway? There are many opponents that wouldn't have hesitated to do so."

"Chao-san is too smart to do something like that de-gozaru," Kaede said. "No matter what she may be up to, if she's really leaving, then she needs to say farewell to her classmates. After all, she did spend two years with us de-gozaru. I also figured she would not attack in front of all these people."

Gohan let out a Son grin as he gave an approving nod to Kaede's statement. She is right, Gohan said to himself. "So," Gohan said to the Narutaki twins, "did you girls and the Iincho plan this party?"

Fuuka and Fumika, who were nearby, nodded. "Kinda," replied Fuuka. "We were planning a party for tonight already so we just changed it a bit. After all, Chao's been really nice to everyone so…"

"We told the others," continued Fumika. "Then they came and helped us with the decorations. It would have been sad not to say goodbye."

"I see," Gohan said. Chao did spend two years with them, Gohan said to himself. It wouldn't be proper if the class didn't get to say their goodbyes. Still…I need to figure out what Chao is planning before something bad happens. I will not allow my friends to get hurt. However, for now, I am going to enjoy the party.

Gohan looked around and noticed the happy looks of everyone. He saw that everyone was having a good time, however every time he and Yuna locked eyes with each other, both of them blushed and looked away. The image of her kissing him was still in his mind and seeing her right now was probably not a good idea. Still, Gohan thought that Yuna looked cute in her new outfit. Then Gohan noticed something at the corner of his eye that gave him quite a shock. "D-Dad!"

That's right, it was Son Goku. He was at a table eating out all the different assortment of foods. "Heymu Gohanmeue!" Goku said with mouth full of food. Gohan let out a sigh and face palmed himself.

"Dad, what are you doing here?" Gohan asked.

"Well, the girls were talking about food and I decided to join in!" Goku said with his usual Son grin. Gohan let out a chuckle. Of course you would Dad, Gohan said to himself as he walked over to the table. I might as well dig in. I'm starving!

The party continued to progress. Goku finished his meal and decided to meet up with others since it was starting to get late. Gohan and the class said their goodbyes to the Saiyan hero. Once Goku left the area, Shiina and Yuna shouted in unison, "Okeydokey, it's time for the special event! Chao-Lin, open your gifts!"

Chao was genuinely caught by surprise. "What! Gifts? You didn't have to do that…" she stated as the twins came with their gifts a pair of stuffed animals they got from the flea market. Misa and her band tried to sell their gift to Chao which was a recording of their songs before saying that was a joke and gave it to her for free. There were sports themed gifts from the Yuuna and the others, alongside books from Yue and Nodoka. Haruna gave her a signed portrait of her and Ayaka managed to get a large bronze bust of Chao for her. Lastly Zazie gave her a tiny little dragon hatchling.

"Eheh heh heh, so Chao-Lin, how about it?" asked Fumika.

"Did you get teary? Are you getting all choked up?" added Fuuka.

"Well, the fact that everyone went to all this trouble for me…" answered the Chinese genius, not showing any signs of tears welling up in her eyes. "I'm very grateful, but…"

"No, no!" said Fuuka. "Are you saying you didn't get teary just now?"

"We put our hearts into these gifts for you!" Fumika added.

"Huh? I don't think this was supposed to be a tearful event," Chao responded.

Suddenly a flash of light appeared right behind her, catching the Chinese girl by surprise as she turned her around to see Misora, Yuna and Haruna next to each other. "I see," said Misora. "So, none of this is sufficient to bring Chao Lingshen, the genius, to tears. Heh heh heh, you fell right into our hands Chao-Lin. The truth is, this party had another purpose."

"What?" Chao shouted. Gohan was curious as well. This couldn't be good.

"We wanted…" Haruna said

"…To see you cry Chao-Lin!" Yuna finished. Gohan twitched his eyebrow before face-faulting. What? Gohan said to himself with a sweat drop. "You were always the cool and collected super genius," continued Yuna. "You never showed much emotion in front of your classmates. So our plan was to make you so emotional at your farewell party that you would be driven to tears."

Chao chuckled before giving the girls a gaze as if they were challenging her to a fight. "Feh," the Chinese genius said. "Interesting. So that was your plan. However, I'm a devil that sold my soul to science. You think a farewell party's going to be enough to make me cry?"

Haruna chuckled. "Heh heh heh…we'll see about that…won't we?" Yuna then snapped her fingers, signaling the others to surround Chao each with a mechanical hand (Created by Chao none the less) as they grabbed her limbs before tickling the girl, managing to get every single ticklish spot. As a result, tears came out of Chao's eyes as she screamed out in laughter. Gohan, Setsuna and Negi couldn't help but sweat drop at the sight, thinking that the seemingly invincible Chao was being reduced to tears by her classmates.

"Yatta! We did it! Tears!" shouted Yuna.

"I had no choice!" Chao managed to say in between giggles.

It was then that Ayaka came up behind the trap leaders Haruna and Yuuna, pissed like crazy. "You people… why are you joking around during an important event like this!" she questioned them as they all got into an argument on whether or not what they just did was right.

Eventually Chao was released from her restraints. "I was victimized," Chao said sighing in relief with Yuna smacking on Chao's back as the sign of good fun.

"Chao…" called Ku Fei, grabbing Chao's attention.

"Ku…"

"I have a present for you too-ne. This…" Ku said as she offered a sword to the Chinese genius. "They're the twin swords that I got from my master-ne. I'm giving them to Chao-aru."

"That's too much, I can't Ku," Chao said trying to wave off the gift.

However, Ku insisted in giving Chao the gift. "Chao's homeland is far away and it's going to be hard for us to…meet again-arune?" Ku said. "That's why I want Chao to have this-aru."

"I see," Chao said. "All right."

"I know you told me to keep this a secret from everyone. So sorry about this-arune," Ku said. "Chao was never good with farewell parties like this-aruyo-ne."

"No," Chao replied with a bright smile on her face. "I was pleasantly surprised. Thank you, Ku." With that the whole class gave a sounding applause. A bright smile appeared on the faces of Gohan and Negi. They really did have wonderful students.

"Now then, let's hear a few final words from Chao-san," suggested Kazumi.

Chao nodded. "All right," she said. As she got on the platform, the World Tree began to glow brighter releasing small amount of light, almost like snow. It was quite impressive. No one had ever seen something like this before, especially Gohan. It was a beautiful sight.

"Ehem," Chao said, grabbing everyone's attention. "Well…how do I say this…I'll be honest. When I first came to this school…I thought all my classmates were a bunch of hippie, happy idiots." The girls cheered in pride at this statement while others were sweat drop, wondering why they were cheering to this fact. Gohan let out a small laughter as Chao continued on with her speech, "I had great fun with everyone during my two years here. Thank you for the fantastic party. Thank you everyone. I have to leave, but…I hope everyone graduates happy and healthy!" Everyone gave a round of applause as Chao stepped off the platform.

"So…this really is good-bye, isn't it Chao-san," Ayaka said.

"Ku-Fei said your home was far away and you won't be able to see us again," Makie added. "What did she mean?"

"Yeah, I wanna know that too!" Yuna said as the girls came rushing over to Chao.

"You want to know about my home?" Chao asked. "Well…that would be revealing a great secret about me." The class then begged the Chinese genius to tell them. After their constant insistence, Chao gave in. "All right then…I'll tell you…the truth is, I'm…" Everyone was on edge, including Negi and Gohan as to what the answer would be, "Believe it or not, I'm a Martian from Mars!" Chao said straight faced, but she earned multiple slaps from Yuna, Fuuka, Ako and Setsuna before the rest crowded around her for her real answer. "I'm telling you the truth! Seriously, Martians don't lie. In the next century, Mars will become inhabitable. I'm a descendant of Negi-bozu. I've come back from the future!" Negi and Gohan flung their eyes wide open at this revelation. Their mind was going a mile a minute, pondering by what she meant. The girls however, didn't believe that story as they cried out in protest, believing her statement to be a lie.



* * *



A couple hours later…

The class copped out as they were all completely drained from the party. All of them were sleeping on mattresses with Negi and Gohan putting blankets over the m. "I see that even the toughest classmate couldn't take consecutive nights of partying," Chao said on the balcony as Negi and Gohan hopped up to join her.

"Yes, we'll have to move everyone indoors later," Negi said.

"That's right. Otherwise they may catch a cold," Gohan added.

"Heh," giggled the Chinese genius. "It's hard work being a teacher." An awkward silence occurred between the two teachers and the Chinese genius while a couple of the girls were eavesdropping.

Gohan decided to break the silence that was between them and spoke, "Chao, what you said earlier…was that…?"

Chao let out a fit of laughter. "Hahaha, I guess it was too outlandish for anyone to believe. For me… 'your future' is my 'past'…" she said gesturing with her hands. "So I came here to change 'history.' That's my true purpose."

"What!" Negi and Gohan both said in unison.

"Ch-Change history?" Negi exclaimed. "That's hard to believe." Gohan shook his head. It wasn't hard to believe that fact. After all, Trunks came from the future to change the course of history by saving Son Goku from the lethal heart virus. But he soon learned that having a time machine could produce drastic changes to the course of history such as the appearance of three additional Artificial Humans and Cell. Despite that though, Gohan was curious as to how Chao was doing it. She clearly didn't have a time machine or maybe she did.

Then he heard his answer from Chao as she explained. "It's possible to jump through long spans of time using the power of the World Tree," Chao said. "What would you do with access to that power, Negi-bozu, Gohan-kun? Go back 10 years to the time your father supposedly died? Or six years ago when your village was destroyed," Chao said as the boy teacher was taken aback by the idea of changing the past. She then gave a look at Gohan and continued, "Or what about saving No. 16 from certain death or any other deaths that could have been avoided such as the destruction of Planet Vegeta and the Saiyan race? Do you believe you could change that unfortunate past?" Negi was unresponsive while Gohan tried to come up with a good answer.

"S-Sure…but that past is what has made us into who we are. It wouldn't be proper to stop those events from happening. Destiny is something that cannot be changed," Gohan said as he thought to himself that was a good answer. However, somewhere deep in the back of his mind, the image of No. 16 being killed replayed in his head as his answer didn't satisfy that guilt of not showing his true power beforehand.

"I don't plan on making any moves during the day. We'll meet again soon, Negi-bouzu and Gohan-kun" Chao said as she disappeared in a flash. Negi tried to call to her but felt Gohan's hand on his shoulder. The two of them looked at the spot that Chao once stood, wondering what they should do with new knowledge.



* * *



Meanwhile, at Eva's resort…

A depressed Asuna was lying down on a bed as she was still feeling bad about her rejection from Takamichi. "Asuna… Asuna…" Konoka called as she was coming over to her friend. She had hope that Asuna's mood had gotten better, but she let out a sigh once she saw Asuna in the same position as yesterday. Hoping to get up, Konoka dropped a ball on Asuna's head, waiting for a reaction. Nothing. "Don't you think it's about time we got back to the school festival?" Konoka asked.

"No…" Asuna mumbled. "I can't move."

Konoka let out a sigh. "Come on," she said to her friend. "You've been like this for four days."

"Just one more day…" muttered Asuna.

Konoka was about to try again but suddenly she heard some loud stomping heading their way. She turned around to see Eva enter the room as the Dark Mage went with a flying kick to Asuna's face, shouting, "You're getting' on my nerves! Pull yourself together, Kagurazaka Asuna!" Asuna went flying across the sand, spinning and sliding from the blow. "Why are you moping over a little heartbreak! You tramp into my resort and act all depressed. This isn't your clubhouse to do as you please! You're the one that lectured me about the right to be happy and all that crap!

"Now, Eva-chan, heartbreak is a pretty big deal for young girls," Konoka said, seeing as Eva may not grasp the situation from a young maiden's perspective.

Eva just laughed it off. "Hah! Four days of moping is more than enough!" the vampire said. "Besides, what does she see in that guy in the first place?"

"What was that!" shouted Asuna in anger. "Don't you dare talk badly about Takahata-sensei!"

"See?" Eva said. "The idiot seems better already. Anyways, you have visitors."

"Eh?" Asuna as she stopped her hissing. "Visitors?"



* * *



Meanwhile…

At the entrance to the villa Haruna and Chisame's jaws were dropped seeing the secret resort of Evangeline. "Wa… Wa… Wa… Wa… What the heck is this…!" said the two shouting, almost not believing their eyes. Chisame, upon seeing this, was trembling at the impossible thing that she was looking at. I knew I shouldn't have come along, Chisame said to herself. In the meantime, Haruna was being told what the villa had to offer by Yue and Nodoka.

Chisame turned to leave as she didn't want to deal with any magic stuff anymore. What did she get herself into? "Going somewhere?" asked Gohan with a raised eyebrow, stopping Chisame from walking any further.

Chisame turned her head and saw the demi-saiyan have his usual Son grin on his face. Plus, he had changed into something more suitable which was his training dogi or gi. Chisame blushed a bit once she saw the bare, muscular chest of Son Gohan. "I'm going home," Chisame said as she turned away. "I would like to lead a normal life, so places like this don't fit into my life."

"You can't leave Chisame-san," Gohan said.

"Why not?"

"Well…once you enter this place, you can't leave for twenty-four hours," said the demi-saiyan.

"What!" shouted Chisame. "What about the school festival!"

"No need to worry. A day is one hour outside," Gohan said with a Son grin on his face. Chisame couldn't believe her luck. Now she was going to be stuck these freaks for an entire day. Great. "Anyways, Chisame-san, why don't you have some fun with the others?"

"And what are you going to do Gohan-sensei?" Chisame asked. "How come you're not over there with them?"

"Well, because I care for you." Chisame blushed at the statement. "And I don't like seeing my students unhappy in any situation. That reminds me…" Gohan started to walk away from Chisame. Chisame was about to say something to the demi-saiyan when he said, "I'll talk to you later Chisame-san."

With that Son Gohan left the beach and started to look around. He was searching for a particular person, namely…Asuna. He closed his eyes to search out for her ki signature since she was nowhere visible to be seen. Once he located her, Gohan went off to the location. As he was walking around, looking for the orange-haired girl, Gohan had run into something. More like someone. "I'm sorry about that," Gohan said. "I wasn't looking where I was walking and…" Gohan stopped himself when he recognized who he had run into. "Asuna-san?"

The orange-haired girl looked and jerked in surprise once she saw the demi-saiyan's face in front of her. "G-Gohan?" she said as she pushed off Gohan and took a few steps back. Great, the last person I wanted to see, Asuna said to herself. "What are you doing here Gohan?"

"Well, it's kind of a long story," Gohan said while scratching the back of his neck. "Anyways, I wanted to see how you were doing. The last time I saw, you were crying your face off. I heard what happened between you and Takamichi-san. Is everything all right?" asked the demi-saiyan.

Asuna looked away a bit. "E-Everything is okay," the orange-haired girl said with a fake smile on her face. "I knew it was going to happen anyways. Me and my 'amazing' qualities was no match for Takahata-sensei's. But I'm okay now. I'm a perfectly capable girl so I'll be fine. You shouldn't get worried about me Gohan."

"Of course I am worried about you," Gohan said, noticing Asuna's fake smile. "And I will always get worried about you Asuna-san. You are very important to me."

Asuna widened her eyes as she turned her head, staring at Gohan's onyx eyes. "R-Really?" she asked, unsure of whether or not Gohan was being sincere or just trying to be friendly with her.

Gohan nodded with a bright smile on his face as he helped Asuna off the floor. "Really," replied the demi-saiyan. "You are a very special person. Too bad Takamichi-san is missing out. If I were in position, I would have said yes to your confession." Asuna blushed at the statement making Gohan realize what he just said wasn't exactly something that he shouldn't have said. Gohan's face blushed red in embarrassment. Oh crap! The demi-saiyan said to himself. I can't believe I said that out loud! Stupid Gohan! For goodness sake's, she is your student. Better change the subject before something happens. "Anyways, we should get going. Negi-san wants to talk to you." Gohan started to walk away before he realized that Asuna was still in the same spot as before. "Uh…Asuna-san?"

Asuna jerked a bit, taking her out from her moment of spacing out. "Y-Yeah I heard you Gohan," she said. "I'll be right behind you." Gohan nodded and started to walk ahead of Asuna as she followed the demi-saiyan to the pool where everyone else was at. If Gohan had turned around right now, he would have noticed a big smile on the orange-haired girl's face. But luckily he didn't as Asuna said to herself; I can't believe Gohan said that. He must really care for me. As I do…for him. Is this really what love feels like? It is completely different from what I felt towards Takahata-sensei. But I shouldn't follow through with it. Not right now. I still need to make sure about these feelings. I don't want to come off as a loose girl that would go out with the next guy she sees.

Once Gohan and Asuna stepped outside of the building, Asuna noticed the various people that were playing at the pool and poolside. There were some people that she expected to see like Nodoka, Setsuna, Ku Fei, Yue and Kaede. However she didn't expect to see Chisame and Haruna here! What were they doing here! "Hey Asuna-san!" greeted the boy teacher.

Asuna quickly spotted him and ran towards him. "What the hell is going on Negi!" exclaimed the orange-haired girl. "Wh-What is Paru and…even Chisame-chan doing here!"

"Well," Negi said while scratching the back of his neck. "They kind of found out about magic and…"

"What!" exclaimed Asuna. She immediately turned to Gohan and asked, "and what about you Gohan!" Gohan blushed red in embarrassment as well, making Asuna realize that they also knew about Gohan and his Saiyan powers. "This is really bad! Whatever happened to getting turned into an ermine or a lab experiment! You two might as well become one! I mean, you two have got now a 70% chance of becoming one at this point!"

"We're sorry!" Negi and Gohan apologized with a bow.

"Don't apologize!" shouted Asuna. "This is your problem, not mine!"

"Anyways, how are you feeling Asuna-san?" Negi asked. "I mean, are you all right?"

Asuna smiled as she gave thumbs up. "Yup! All better now!" Asuna said as she gave a quick glance to Gohan with a smile on her face. Thanks to Gohan.

"I'm glad," Eva said as she came walking out of the building with Konoka behind her. "This girl's been using my resort for the last four days to mope, eat, and sleep. I glad she recovered in time. Even if she didn't, I could have made sure that she slept for all eternity."

"Well excuse me!" responded Asuna. She then turned to Gohan and Negi and asked, "So why are you guys here? To get some sleep?"

"Well not exactly," replied Gohan.

"The reason is that I thought we should have a meeting about how we can handle Chao-san," Negi added, drawing a confused look from Asuna. Gohan decided to explain the situation to Asuna.

After a few minutes of explaining of what happened with Chao, a loud yell was heard all across the villa. "WHAT! D-DESCENDANT? M-M-MARTIAN!" Yup, it was coming from Asuna. "Are you pulling my leg? Do you enjoy making fun of me?" Asuna said as she began to stretch Negi's face.

"It sounds like a bad joke I know," Gohan said. "But this came directly from the source. Those were her words."

"W-Wait," Ku Fei spoke up. "There is too much for me to understand-aru. Can you explain again-aruka?"

Gohan nodded. "According to Chao-san, she travelled over a hundred years back from the future," explain the demi-saiyan. "Plus she's a Martian."

"She's also a descendant of Negi-kun?" Konoka added.

Both Negi and Gohan nodded. "Her purpose is to use the time machine to change history," Negi replied.

"And in order to do that, she's trying to reveal the existence of magic to the world," Gohan finished.

"She plans to spring into action on the third day of the school festival, right de-gozaru?" Kaede asked. Negi and Gohan both nodded. Asuna couldn't believe and neither could Chisame. It was too farfetched for them, especially with someone travelling back in time.

"Do you think it's best to assume she's lying?" Setsuna asked.

"I highly doubt it though," Gohan replied. "What would Chao-san gain from lying to us?"

"Well her story does seem to be up there with Paru's freaky rumor mill," Asuna said.

"Did someone call for me!" shouted Haruna as she decided to join in the conversation. "This story has everything. The most brilliant mind in all of Mahora Academy – but in reality…she's a mysterious invader from our future planning to change history! Oh what tragedy to find out that our very own classmate is the leader of such an insidious plot! And that is why we have to defeat her!" Gohan couldn't help but sweat drop at the story on how ridiculous it was. And he wasn't the only one as Asuna covered Haruna's mouth so as to not hear any more ridiculous stuff.

"Despite that though," Negi spoke up, "it just didn't seem like Chao-san was lying…at least to me." Negi proceeded to take out the time watch. "Even if it was a lie, this…the time machine I borrowed from Chao-san, is real."

Gohan nodded in agreement. "I think its best that we talk about this more seriously," said the demi-saiyan. "But in the meantime, why don't we find out about our battle strength just in case?" Everyone nodded in agreement.

"Good idea Gohan-nii!" Chamo said. Within a few minutes, Yue and Haruna activated their pactios, surprising both Gohan and Asuna. When did this happen? Gohan asked himself. As the two were about to find out the abilities of their pactios, Chamo decided to speak up. "We'll find out your artifact's abilities later," said the ermine. "In any event, it's good to strengthen our forces."

"I don't know about that," Yue said. "Even if the story's true, there are still two points that remain unclear. First is how 'revealing the existence of magic' is a part of 'changing history.' The second is why Chao-san had to travel back over a hundred years to do this in the first place."

Gohan and Negi looked at each other before giving a nod of agreement. "Plus," Negi said, "I wonder if what Chao-san is trying to do is really bad thing or not."

Some of the girls gasped in surprised, especially Asuna. "What are you talking about!" Asuna exclaimed. "She captured and detained Takahata-sensei! She also fought against you and Gohan! She's already proven that she's up to no good!"

"Y-Yes, that may be true but…" Negi trailed before being interrupted by Gohan.

"Either way," the demi-saiyan said, "there's no doubt that Chao-san will be up to something on the third day of the festival."

"Anyway!" Asuna said, summoning her harisen. "I don't care what Chao-san's planning. I'm going to use my sword to stop her from hurting Takahata-sensei or Gohan any further," vowed the orange-haired girl, which incidentally earned a chuckle from Haruna upon hearing her proclamation. "W-What? What's weird about that?"

"Well, we won't be able to figure this one out by thinking about it," Chamo said. "The best thing is to prepare for anything that Chao may toss our way, right?" The ermine then turned towards Negi and Gohan and said, "Thankfully, it looks like everyone wants to help out."

"I don't know Chamo-san," Gohan said. "I think it would be best that everyone not get involved."

"I agree with Gohan-san," Negi said. "I can't endanger our students."

"Don't worry Negi-kun and Gohan-kun," Konoka said as she revealed her artifact. "If either of you get injured, I'll heal you."

"And I'll protect the life of Ojou-sama with my own," proclaimed Setsuna as she held her sword. Gohan smiled at Setsuna's and Konoka's determination.

"That's great but it doesn't help with the robot army that Chao has," Chamo said. "We don't have the man power to face them. Furthermore, they have Chachamaru and Commander Tatsumiya." Gohan chuckled, causing some people in the group to have curious looks. "What's funny Gohan-nii?"

"Chamo-san you are forgetting something," Gohan said. "My family and friends."

"That's right!" Chamo exclaimed, realizing what Gohan was going with. "We can ask Goku, Vegeta and the others to help out."

"Are you sure they will be okay with that Gohan-san?" Negi asked.

Gohan nodded. "Sure," replied the demi-saiyan. "My Dad is a hero and will always help out those in need. Besides if we were to explain to him the situation, I'm sure him and the others will be glad to help out." Well, I don't know about Vegeta-san though, Gohan said to himself. There might have to be some heavy convincing for him to join in this fight. Hope Dad could help me out on this one.

"So what about Chachamaru and Commander Tatsumiya?" Chamo asked.

"You can leave that to us de-gozaru," Kaede spoke up. Gohan let out a smile.

Negi, however, noticed how Ku Fei was a little quiet. "Ku Fei-san are you alright?" the boy teacher asked.

"If Chao's really doing bad things, then I must stop her as a friend-aru" Ku Fei replied, pumping her fists in the air.

"Great!" Chamo said in excitement. "Kaede-neesan and Ku-roshi will help a great deal. Plus we got Goku, Vegeta, Piccolo and the others to help us out. Our front line is set with overwhelming power in addition to Aniki and Gohan-nii. But then again, the rear defenses may be a bit weak." The ermine then took a look at Haruna and Yue. An idea hit him. "Maybe not," Chamo said. "On top of Nodoka-jochan, we have two new people with probationary contracts."

"Yes, we'll do what we can to help," Nodoka responded.

"Thanks!" Chamo said. "We have 20 hours left in here so why don't we get comfortable with using your artifacts?" Haruna, Nodoka and Yue all nodded in agreement. However, something wasn't right. "Maybe it would be better if Gohan-nii was on the front line while Aniki was on the defensive end. Chao may be attempting something on the net as well. To combat that…" An idea hit the ermine as he turned around to Chisame, who was at the wrong place and wrong time. "I know! Chiu, wanna make a probationary contract as well? Considering you're pretty good at hacking. I think we'll get a suitable artifact."

"Hell no baka!" Chisame shouted.

Haruna then slid next to her, hugging her shoulder. "Why not Chisame-chan, let's do it…aren't we friends?"

"Since when did I become your friend? Get the hell away from me!" Chisame cried as she wanted not to have her normal life be corrupted any further than it has been.

Gohan gave a smile of approval at the way Chamo was organizing the group. It was a sound group. "Well we have a good group of people but I think we're forgetting someone," Gohan said as he looked at the Dark Mage.

"Thank you for remembering assistant but I'm afraid I can't take side in all this mess," replied Eva.

"I expected as much," muttered Gohan.

Negi looked down a bit, even after the organization of his team to defeat Chao and her team. "Now, don't worry Aniki," Chamo said. "I'm sure Chao won't kill her classmates or anything like that."

"Y-Yeah," Negi responded.

"Still," Gohan interjected, "the main problem here remains Chao-san herself."

"I agree Gohan-kun," Kaede said. "Without knowing more about her mysterious ability, it won't matter how many people we have." Gohan nodded in agreement. Her abilities were certainly mysterious. How was she able to move so instantaneous? Plus, why did the armor that Chao wore felt so…strange and familiar at the same time?

"I think I can deal with Chao-san," Negi said, snapping Gohan back into reality. "Leave that to me." Gohan smiled as the group celebrated in the creation of the new team. The girls then got into an argument of what to call the group, causing Negi and Gohan to chuckle at the scene.

After much discussion, the group separated from each other as they began to train with their pactios. Haruna proceeded to draw small doodles on her pad which all came to life from the page. "Th-Th-This is amazing!" said Haruna. "The rough sketches in this sketchbook are coming to life!"

"It seems that the drawings in that sketchbook are like a simple golem that you can summon," Chamo explained.

Haruna proceeded further by drawing more things. "Like a fairy tale!" Haruna exclaimed. "This might be the magickiest item we've got so far! This is a dream come true for all the artists in the world! No, a dream of all mankind!"

"Don't go drawing anything dangerous!" Chamo said as he went over to where Yue was at.

"Ch-Chamo-san, mine says it's a textbook of novice-level spells," Yue said.

"Yeah, looks like Yuecchi's artifact is similar to the 'Apprentice Mage set' that kids receive when they enter the magic academy," Chamo explained. "Aniki got one too. It might be perfect for Yuecchi as you've been practicing magic, but unfortunately, it may not really be handy in a fight. I'm not sure how each person's artifacts are chosen. That's too bad."

"I see," Yue muttered, thinking that Negi probably had something like this when he first started out. Meanwhile, along the shore line, Gohan was meditating. It was a similar position as Piccolo would usually do. He began to play out the battle in his mind as he tried to figure out different strategies as well as feel the area around. The ocean, the sand, the air, the plants, everyone and everything. He felt their energy as he began to channel some into himself. I'm glad that Dad taught me the Kaio-ken and the other technique as well, Gohan said to himself. I highly doubt that I am going to use it but I think it is best that I practice it while I have the chance.

"Assistant!" cried out a voice, causing Gohan to break out from his concentration and almost landing awkwardly on the ground. "I get the feeling you're going to be fairly busy on the last day of the festival, so I'll let you off the date we agreed on."

"R-Really?" Gohan asked as he looked up at the Dark Mage as she stood over him. "To be honest, I was actually looking forward in hanging out with you Evangeline-san."

Eva blushed at the statement. "W-Well, if you really want to," stuttered the vampire with a blush on her face. "We can do it after the battle."

Gohan gave a nod. "Deal." Eva grinned at the demi-saiyan as she walked away. "Yosh! Time to get some training in!" Gohan said as he went ahead and practiced his katas while the others continued to practice with their new artifacts until the night.



* * *



The next day…

"Everyone, did you all have a good night's sleep?" Negi asked as they all stood upon the exit pad of the villa.

"Yeah I slept like a baby!" shouted Konoka.

"We practiced plenty of times too!" pointed out Haruna pumping her fist while Chisame shook her head behind them. Gohan let out his usual Son grin, glad to see everyone in high spirits. He turned to Negi and noticed some scratch marks on the poor boy teacher.

"Negi-san, what happened to you?" asked the demi-saiyan.

Negi jerked as he remembered what happened last night. "N-Nothing Gohan-san!" Negi cried while wailing his arms around. "I didn't have a conversation with Eva and I didn't get into a fight with her."

"Uh huh, I see," Gohan said. Evangeline-san must have said something to Negi-san, Gohan said to himself. He seems more confident than before. "Are you going to be fine Negi-san? After all we are going to fight against one of our own students."

"That doesn't matter Gohan-san," Negi said, grabbing everyone's attention. "Chao-san is planning to carry out a terrible plan on the final day of the school festival. In other words her objective is to expose the existence of magic to the entire world," explained the boy teacher. "We don't know the details of her plan but if she succeeds, the world will be plunged into turmoil…or at least a great deal of trouble. People will get hurt, or worse." There were a few nods among the girls however some like Konoka wondered what the result would be if it succeeded. "I'm going to be honest. I am unsure if Chao-san's plans are bad or not."

"What are you talking about? Again with that, it's obvious it's bad right Gohan?" Asuna asked. Gohan nodded in agreement.

"Yes, Chao-san has been unethical," Negi continued. "She kept Takamichi captive in her underground lair, for example, she didn't try to discuss this or accept our invitation to do so. She's just pushing forward with her plans. Should she succeed, the results could be catastrophic, whether it's for a good cause or not. As Chao-san's teacher, I feel that I have the responsibility to stop her by force if need be."

"All we can ask is that you lend us your strength in the coming battle," finished Gohan with his hand on Negi's shoulder as the girls drew their pactio cards if they had one.

"Leave it to us!" Haruna cheered. The other girls nodding bar Chisame, who was rubbing her head of the headache of all this nonsense that was going on.

"Of course we will, you dumb Gohan," Asuna said, making the two boys smile.

"Let's get going on then," Gohan said.

"Right, Hiscat," Negi called, activating the exit but neither seeing the time watch activate once the exit was open. However, no one noticed that the time watch had done something within a split second. But that didn't matter as the group had all exited the villa and back into Eva's resort.

"Alright we're back, what do we do first?" Asuna asked with her harisen was at the ready.

"Well Chao-san said she wouldn't do anything until the afternoon so… there's probably nothing for us to do until then," Negi said making a few girls face-plant. "I believe everyone still has their own plans for the final day so…"

"Then let's break up for now?" Haruna suggested. Negi nodded in agreement while Gohan was looking around the room with a bemused look on his face.

Chisame noticed the look and it was quite worrying for her. "Gohan-sensei what's up?" Chisame asked.

Gohan shook his head. "It's nothing but… it feels like something's off around here and I can't quite put my finger on it," Gohan said. Something doesn't feel right, Gohan said to himself. Maybe it's my imagination but I can't sense Dad's ki or the others. I'll look into this later. "Well anyways, I'm off."

"Where are you going Gohan?" Asuna asked.

"To pick up some supplies for the upcoming battle," Gohan said. "There is nothing wrong in getting ready. Anyways, Negi-san, what time should we all meet up?"

"Right, we should all meet back here at 11 o'clock!" Negi said as they all agreed upon the time and began to the room. However, no one noticed the note on the side of the villa that read a message. A message that said, "IT'S MY VICTORY!"



* * *



Author's note: Hey everybody! Hope you enjoyed the chapter! I know that there wasn't much fight scenes like in the previous ones but hey, we will get there. You may have noticed it that I am skipping certain parts of the Negima story. As I mentioned before in an earlier chapter, I can't write every single scene from the manga. It would just take too much time and space which I don't want. If you want to know what happens in the skipped scenes, read the manga. Hope that helps some people.

READ AND REVIEW! I can't stress that enough! I want everyone that reads this chapter or this story to write at least a review! I am starting to feel unappreciated for my work here. I know it may seem like I am being a whiny person, but I like to hear from everyone. Just let to you know, I do it at work too, especially when parents come to see the classes. I like to know if I am doing a good enough job for them and their children. Everyone wants to hear feedback about what they do. It's natural.

Anyways, enough of my rant. See you guys around! Peace!





*Chapter 37*: The Man Who Looks Like Son Goku!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. See Chapter 1 for details.

Author's note: Hey everybody! Happy One Year Anniversary to Saiyan in Mahora! It's been exactly one year since this story began! Look how far we have gotten in one year. A lot has happened within that year. Me finally getting a job in Japan and having a lot of people liking this story! It has been a great year! Thank you all for the support you have given me so far! Keep those reviews coming! I really enjoy reading them!

I want to thank theprincedonte for beta-reading this chapter! And now, the chapter to the celebrate the one year anniversary! I present to everyone Chapter 37 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 37: A New Crisis Appears! The Man Who Looks Like Son Goku!

Outside of Eva's cottage…

As the girls went their separate ways, Gohan and Negi were left alone outside of Eva's cottage. The two teachers waved goodbye at their students, knowing that they should try to enjoy the last day of the festival before the major battle against Chao and her army started. While the boy teacher was taking out his staff, Negi looked at Gohan as he was curious as to what the demi-saiyan meant by 'getting supplies.' He asked, "Gohan-san, what do you plan to do?"

Gohan looked confused. "What do you mean Negi-san?"

"You mentioned earlier that you were going to get supplies," the boy teacher replied. "What did you mean by that?"

"Well, I was thinking of getting us some Senzu beans," the demi-saiyan replied.

"Senzu…beans?"

Gohan nodded. "That's right. You remember the little green bean that I gave you before?" Negi nodded as he remembered that special little green bean that healed his exhaustion immediately. However, he was unable to eat for 10 full days. Gohan continued with his explanation. "That green bean is called a Senzu bean. It can heal any ailments and will keep your stomach full for 10 days."

"Really?" Negi questioned in surprise. "How come I never heard of it before?"

"The only person that grows it is Karin-sama," Gohan replied. "And it usually takes a long time to grow them. I'm going over there to see if we can have some for the upcoming battle against Chao-san." Negi nodded in agreement. If what Gohan said about the beans was true, it could help them if Konoka is too far away from their position or something happens to the young girl. Either way, it's better to be safe than sorry.

"So Negi-san, where are you off to?" Gohan asked.

"To see Natsumi-san's play," responded the boy teacher.

"Oh that's right! She is going to play the fairy in Shakespeare's Midsummer Night's Dream," Gohan said as he remembered Natsumi asking if he too could come and watch the play. "It sucks that I am not going to be able to go. Tell her I said hi."

"I definitely will," responded Negi. Gohan smiled as he started to float up into the sky. He waved the boy teacher one last goodbye before going higher up into the air. Negi then clenched his fists as Chamo went up on his shoulder. "Right, let's go," said the boy teacher as he too went up into the air but with his broom instead.

As the boy teacher flew across Mahora, Chamo spoke up, "Hey Aniki." Negi turned his head, curious as to what Chamo had to say. "Are you sure you shouldn't report this to the magic teachers of the academy?"

"I'll tell them everything in an e-mail later," Negi replied. "I'm just not sure they'll believe me. I'm going to have to tell eventually and most likely we won't be able to stop Chao-san's plan without their help, even with Gohan-san and his friends at our side. It's better to have numbers on our side just to be on the safe side."

"Are you sure it's not going to be like selling out one of your own students?" Chamo asked. "If the magic teachers capture Chao, she'll be severely punished for sure."

"I don't think anyone can capture Chao-san," replied the boy teacher. "I'm going to be the one to stop Chao-san. I have to. I'm her teacher." Chamo nodded in agreement as the two of them continued on towards the stage area where Natsumi would be performing.

Once they reached the location, Negi landed softly on the ground and put away his broom. As they walked, Negi started to notice something…strange about the area. "This area isn't very crowded is it?" stated Negi.

"Maybe a lot of people are still hung-over from last night's festivities?" Chamo responded as he looked at the map. In the meantime, while they were walking, Negi started to notice many people looking at him strangely, giggling and murmuring to each other. It was very…strange. Something was up. "Hey Aniki," mentioned Chamo, "are you sure we are heading the right place? There is no one here."

"No, this is the right place," Negi said as he glanced around the place as there was no stage set up anywhere. "I wonder if they relocated?"

"H-Hey, there's something wrong, Aniki," Chamo said.

"What do you mean Chamo-kun?"

"Don't you think it's too quiet for the final day of the school festival?" Chamo replied. The ermine then pointed at the sky which was as clear as day. "Look at the sky. All those balloons, blimps, and airplanes are gone." Then the ermine pointed to the various people walking around. "People in costumes that were everywhere…they're gone! Where are the scantily clad cosplay girls that I loved so much? Aniki…this might be my imagination, but this scenery…doesn't this look like Mahora Academy on a normal day?"

Negi took a glance around and Chamo was right. Everything was like a normal day at Mahora. But that couldn't be! Nervous sweats started to show on Negi's face. Something was definitely wrong! He needed to warn the others, especially Gohan. But before the boy teacher could do anything, he ran into someone. "I'm sorry," bowed apologetically Negi. However, when he looked up to see who he had run into, it was…Natsumi! But she wasn't wearing her fairy costume but rather her normal school clothes. "Natsumi-san!"

Natsumi jerked a bit in surprise in seeing the boy teacher in front of her. "Ahh! Negi-kun!" yelled the girl. "Where have you been until now!"

Negi blinked a few times in confusion. "Huh? What do you mean?" questioned Negi.

"Never mind!" Natsumi said as she grabbed hold of Negi's arm and took him along with her. "Come on, let's get to the classroom," said Natsumi. "Everyone is waiting for you!"

"What?" Negi asked in confusion. "Natsumi-san, where are we going? I was planning on heading for your play right now."

"Huh?" Natsumi sounded in surprise. "What are you talking about, Negi-kun? You don't have to worry about that," Natsumi said. "I know you were busy…maybe you can see it next time."

"See it next time?" Negi repeated, very confused at the situation that was unfolding.

"Heh, heh, heh," giggled Natsumi. "But I was so surprised. I knew there was something about you before, but, I would have never guessed that you were a wizard, Negi-kun."

"Hwa?" Negi blinked a few times, before it sunk in. She said what? Then Negi realized something. Everyone around them was looking at him strangely, making comments about him, wizard, magic and other things. Negi started to feel the pressure. Something bad has happened!



* * *



Meanwhile…

Gohan was speeding across the sky towards Karin-To. As he was flying along the sky, Gohan couldn't help shake off this feeling of dread. Something is definitely wrong, Gohan said to himself. Why is it that I can't sense Dad's, Vegeta-san's, Piccolo-san's or anyone's ki? Something must have happened. I hope Karin-sama will tell me when I get there. And sure enough, he got there. Straight ahead was a tower, a very tall tower. Legend says that not even airplanes could reach that high. Thankfully, it wasn't high enough for Gohan and his friends.

Gohan let out a smile as he saw the tower approaching him. He has seen this same tower so many times on the way to Kami-sama's temple and every time he saw it, it was still amazing. The height of the tower was something that not a lot of people could climb. In fact, it took Son Goku two days to climb the tower. Thankfully, Gohan never did the climbing ever; however, he did remember when Coola came to Earth that Karin almost forced him to climb the whole tower. Thanks to Yajirobe though, that never happened.

Once the demi-saiyan reached the tower, he immediately went upwards towards the top of the tower. It took him a few seconds as he finally arrived at the place. It was circular roof that had a fountain in the middle. It was like a lookout as you could everything as far as the eye could see. Gohan landed softly on the ground and began to walk around the central room. "Karin-sama," Gohan called out. "Karin-sama, are you here?"

"Of course I am here," spoke a voice. The demi-saiyan turned around towards the direction of the voice. Gohan smiled when he saw who it was that had spoken. In front of him there was a cat with white fur in front of him. His eyes were closed, as if he was sleeping. It was a rather large cat but not much taller than Goten or Trunks. He carried around a tall brown walking stick with him as he walked towards the demi-saiyan.

"Karin-sama!" Gohan greeted. "It's great to see you."

"And the same to you Son Gohan," the cat responded. "You have definitely grown since the last time that I saw you. Both in stature and strength. You have already passed Goku in terms of power."

Gohan blushed a bit in embarrassment. "Well, I don't know about that," responded the demi-saiyan. He shook his head as he needed to get straight to the point. Gohan's smile turned serious as he spoke to the sacred cat. "Anyways, sorry that I didn't come here to chit chat Karin-sama but I need something from you."

"I know, I know," Karin said. "You came here for the Senzu beans right?"

Gohan nodded. "If you have any beans that would be great. I need to get back to my friends as quickly as possible."

Karin let out a grin. "Sure, I'll give you some," said the cat. "But first there is a condition that you have to fulfill."

Gohan's face turned into a curious one as he looked at the cat. "What kind of condition Karin-sama?"

"You have to climb the tower!"

"WHAT!" Gohan cried. "But I can't do that! I don't have the time to do it. I have to get back to my friends as quickly as possible. They are going to need my help."

"Well tough luck then," Karin said. "You never have climbed the tower so why should I be so gracious and give you Senzu beans?"

"Because of my father, that's why," responded the demi-saiyan as he clenched his fists. He didn't have time for this. "I don't understand why you can't give them to me? You always gave Senzu beans whenever my father came around here."

"True and that was because he and the others have climbed the tower," Karin replied. "You, however, haven't done it. So you have a choice. Either you climb the tower, not in the middle like last time, or you can go back to your friends empty handed? Which one will it be?"

Gohan pondered on this. He couldn't believe that Karin was doing this to him right now. He needed to get back to his friends as quickly as possible. But Karin did have a point. It was kind of unfair of him to ask for Senzu beans when he had never climbed the tower like all the others. It wouldn't be fair. Gohan let out a sigh. "Fine, I'll do it," said the demi-saiyan. "And I'll be right back to get the Senzu beans. Please have them ready for pick up Karin-sama."

"Sure will, Son Gohan," responded Karin as Gohan jumped from the railing and towards the ground. Sorry Gohan, Karin said to himself. But you are going to have to do this as most of the beans are not ready to be eaten yet. The Earth is in danger and you are going to need all the Senzu beans that you can get.

Gohan went flying down towards the ground. He never had been this far down of Karin's tower so this was quite a new experience for him as he went further down. Once he saw the ground level, he was caught by surprise at the sight. There were two tents, Indian tents to be exact with Native American markings all over them. He landed on the ground and began to inspect the tents. "Impressive," Gohan muttered out loud. "I never knew that there were tents like these."

Suddenly, Gohan narrowed his eyes as he sensed danger approaching him. He quickly turned and grabbed an incoming arrow that was heading for his chest. That was close! Gohan said to himself. He then heard a voice coming from the direction of the attack. "Get away from there!" said the voice as the attacker showed himself. It was average-sized boy with black and Native American markings all over his chest. He wore a feather hat on his head and his clothing was that of old Native American culture. "Get away from our house!" The boy put away his bow and pulled out a knife as he went on the attack.

"W-Wait! I didn't mean to cause any trouble!" Gohan protested as he wailed his arms around. The Indian boy didn't listen as he began to attack the demi-saiyan. The boy was slow, so slow that Gohan had no trouble avoiding his attacks. This is getting me nowhere, Gohan said as he dodged another attack easily. I should stop this right now. Gohan put his arm up to block the knife. The knife hit its target but instead of drawing blood, the knife itself shattered!

The Native American boy staggered and flew down on his button in surprise. "Dammit!" cursed the boy as he decided to attack using his fists. But before he could reach Son Gohan, a voice boomed across the area.

"Upa!" The boy stopped and turned around towards the direction of the voice. Gohan looked at the same direction as well and saw another figure approaching them. It was another Native American but this one was much, much bigger than the other one. Markings were all over his body like the other one but this one had a big scar across his chest. He also had black hair that was braided in the back like the smaller one.

"Otou-san," said the boy.

Gohan widened his eyes. "O-Otou-san?"

"Upa, what are you doing?" asked the bigger Native American.

"Protecting our home!" replied the boy, now revealed to be Upa. "This man was going to steal our things."

"I highly doubt that," replied the father.

Upa looked confused. "What do you mean Father?"

The father gave a pat on Upa's shoulder as he pointed at the demi-saiyan. "Can't you tell by his face?" said the Father. "That is Son Goku-san. He would never try to steal anything."

"Huh? That can't be true," said Upa. "Goku-san had spikier hair than this one."

"Heh heh heh," chuckled nervously Gohan. "Actually, I am not Son Goku."

"I see," said the Father. "Sorry then. I mistook you for someone else who is still our good friend and had helped us out in the past."

"Don't worry about it," replied the demi-saiyan. "Son Goku is my father. It's not the first time that people have confused us." The father's and Upa's eyes flung open when they heard that revelation as Gohan continued. "My name is Son Gohan."

"S-Son Gohan?" repeated both the father and Upa in unison.

Gohan nodded as he suddenly remembered something; something that his father once told him about when he was reminiscing on his adventures when he was younger. "Wait a second, could you two be Upa-san and Bora-san?" The father and Upa looked at each other before giving a nodding response to the demi-saiyan. Gohan's mouth widened into a bright smile. "Awesome! Dad has told me so much about you two. I always wanted to meet you. It's a pleasure to finally meet you Bora-san and Upa-san."

"It is a pleasure to meet you Gohan-san," said the father, who was called Bora, as he shook hands with the demi-saiyan. "I never knew that Goku-san had a son. You two look so much alike. I apologize for the mistaken identity."

"It's no problem," Gohan responded. Then Upa walked towards the demi-saiyan and bowed in apology profusely.

"I'm very sorry Gohan-san," Upa apologized. "I didn't mean to attack you like that. I thought you were a thief. I didn't think that you were Goku-san's son."

"There is nothing to apologize for," Gohan said. "I guess my Dad hasn't come around here in a while. It's normal to be suspicious of people looking at your homes when you don't know them. In fact, I should be the one apologizing since I looked at them without your permission. I am sorry for that."

"That is okay Gohan-san," Bora said. "Any friend or family of Goku-san is an eternal friend of ours."

Gohan blushed slightly in embarrassment. "Thank you Bora-san," said the demi-saiyan.

Bora then gave a pat on Gohan's shoulder. "I believe this is a call for celebration," Bora said. "The son of our good friend has come to grace us. Besides, I always wanted to hear more on Goku-san and his adventures. He must have tons."

Gohan nodded. "He definitely does, but maybe we can do that another time," Gohan said. "Right now, I'm kind of busy as I have to climb the tower and get back to my friends."

"But Gohan-san, come stay and celebrate with us," Upa said. "I want to hear how Goku-san is doing. Besides we were going to prepare a huge meal for the celebration."

"Well, I…" Gohan trailed before a noise, more specifically a loud stomach grumble, came out. Bora and Upa glanced around, trying to figure out where the noise came from. Then the two looked at each other and realized who it came from. Both of them looked at Gohan who blushed with embarrassment and chuckled nervously. "Sorry about that. I guess I am little hungry." Bora and Upa laughed. Gohan blinked a few times, curious as to why the two of them laughing. "What's so funny?"

"You really are Goku-san's son," Bora said as he gave a pat on Gohan's back. "You probably have the same appetite as he does."

"Well, I guess so," muttered the demi-saiyan.

"That's great to know," Bora said. "Upa, start the fire. We are going to have to cook a lot of food." Upa nodded.

Gohan sighed as he gave into the temptation. "Well, one little bite wouldn't hurt," responded the demi-saiyan. "Besides, how bad could the situation back at Mahora be?"



* * *



Back at Mahora Academy…

Asuna, Konoka, Setsuna and Chisame were walking along the streets of Mahora, heading to another venue of the festival. "So, what do you think Asuna?" Konoka asked.

"Hm?" Asuna sounded as she turned her head. "About what?"

"Chao-san's plan and stuff," responded Konoka.

"About revealing the truth about magic to the world?" Asuna asked.

Konoka nodded. "Yeah," replied the girl. "I don't think that's really a bad thing."

"Why?" Asuna asked.

"If everyone in the world started to learn healing spells like me, then more sick and injured people will get better," Konoka said with a bright smile on her face.

"Well, I suppose that's true," Asuna said, pondering on the possibility.

"However," Setsuna spoke up, "Ojou-sama, there are some negative aspects that can arise from it as well."

"Don't you think it would be fun to have everyone traveling on brooms and carpets?" Konoka stated as she began to daydream about the new world if Chao's plan succeeded.

"I WANT NO PART OF THAT!" screamed Chisame, quickly grabbing the attention of the three other girls. "It gives me chills thinking about a world that's a confused mixture of reality and fantasy."

"But Chisame-chan, magic is real," Konoka stated.

"THAT'S FANTASY!" retorted the glasses girls. "No matter how you look at it, it's fantasy!"

"I dunno," Konoka responded. "I think it'll be a lot of fun."

"In the normal concept of reality, there is no such thing as magic or fantasy!" Chisame said. "And for that matter, aliens and super powers that exceed the limits of normal humans as well! And you know what? I happen to like reality being normal and mundane. I don't to be involved in any part of this fairy-tale dream!" The girls were silent as they weren't sure on how to respond. Chisame let out a sigh as she started to notice something was off. And she wasn't the only one. Kaede, as she was walking around with Ku, began to notice something was off as well. With Yue, Haruna and Nodoka, Yue discovered something when she opened the newspaper. She looked up at the date and noticed something. Something bad has happened!



* * *



Meanwhile, at Class 3-A…

Negi opened the door to his classroom to see all the girls rushing towards him as they greeted him. "Welcome back Negi-kun!" Negi blinked a few times in confusion. The girls had mentioned that they were worried about him but also they wanted to ask him something. The girls were unsure on how to ask until Makie was the one who spoke up, "Well, Negi-kun…we were wondering…if you'd show us…your magic." Negi gasped in shock. They said what!

"Hey Negi-kun where is Gohan-kun?" asked Shiina. "I wanted to see if he could transform into a Super Saiyan."

Negi's mouth widened even more. They know about Gohan-san's abilities as well! Negi asked himself as the girls went to ask several things from their teacher. It was the usual dog pile that always happens, but this time it dealt with magic. Negi was underneath it all until Akira pulled him out and outside the classroom. "Are you all right, Negi-sensei?" asked Akira.

Negi nodded in appreciation. "T-Thank you, Akira-san," replied the boy teacher.

"Negi-sensei," Akira said. "I still can't believe it, but, are you really a wizard like the rumors say? And is it true about Gohan-sensei? With him being an alien from outer space and all?"

Negi was confused at what was going. How were they able to find out so much about him and Gohan? Who could have told them? "U-Umm…Akira-san, can't you tell me what's going on?" Negi asked. "I don't understand."

"What's going on?" Akira repeated. "That's what I'd like to know. You, Asuna-san, and the others have been absent for a while now."

"Huh? A while?" Negi said. "Wh-What day is today?"

"It's June 30th," Akira stated.

"30th! The school festival was from the 20th to the 22nd so…" Then hit Negi as suddenly realized what that meant. "It's been a week since the last day of the festival!"

Akira nodded in agreement. "The final day of the festival was amazing," she said. "I thought it was a film shoot or something." Then Akira noticed the shocked look on Negi's face. "Are you all right, Negi-kun?"

Negi clenched his fists as he sped away. Akira called out to him but he paid no attention. As he began to run around the campus, a lot of things were going through his head. A week! Negi said to himself. A week has passed without my knowledge! Why…and how? How far has the existence of magic been revealed! To the academy? All of Japan? The entire world? "Negi-sensei!" screamed a voice, stopping the boy teacher in his tracks. He turned around to see Gandolfini standing before him, panting. "We've been looking for you," said the mage. "Where the heck have you been?"

"G-Gandolfini-sensei," Negi said.

"Do you realize the mess we've been in since last week?" Gandolfini stated. "If only…we had stopped Chao Lingshen the day before the festival started, none of this would have happened…plus I didn't think that Gohan-sensei would be in league with a person like Chao."

"I-In league? What do you mean Gandolfini-sensei?" Negi asked.

"Negi-sensei, this was not your fault alone!" Gandolfini declared. "However, it was a mistake to leave Chao Lingshen or even that matter Son Gohan under your care. You'll be held partially responsible for this catastrophe, and you will be turned into an ermine as punishment! With Gohan, his punishment will be…death!" Suddenly and without warning, Negi was placed in confinement as the doors slammed shut. Negi was left alone in shock. What the hell happened?



* * *



Meanwhile, back with Asuna and the others…

"I just think it's really bad for the world to find out about magic," Asuna stated as she and the girls sipped on drinks.

"You think so too, Asuna?" Konoka asked. "Why?"

"Think, Ojou-sama," Setsuna responded. "In any event if we don't stop Chao-san, the festival will be disrupted. I'm going to head underground to gather intelligence. Why don't the rest of you go and enjoy the school festival until we meet back up later."

"Hey! Listen, Sakurazaki!" Chisame yelled as she had been trying to grab Setsuna's attention for a while now.

"Yes, Hasegawa-san?" Setsuna asked.

"You can be such an airhead," Chisame said. "It's cute, but you need to take a look around. Take a good look. Does this looks like the final day of the school festival to you?"

"Huh? What are you talking about Chisame-chan?" Asuna questioned. "It has to be the final day."

"Asuna-san!" Asuna and the others turned their head to see Yue, Haruna and Nodoka running towards them, panting heavily. "We have a problem!" Yue then proceeded to explain that it has been one week since the festival ended. Everyone was shocked in the very least. It wasn't possible? They tried to find out if this was some kind of sick joke being played on them, but it wasn't. Kaede then explained to the group that they had fallen in Chao's trap. Chao's plan had succeeded. They needed to tell Gohan and Negi as quickly as possible. Thinking that they already find out, the girls thought that the two teachers would immediately head back to Eva's cottage to discuss this sudden change in events. The girls all agreed to head back, unaware the situations that happened to their teachers.



* * *



Back at the bottom of Karin-To…

"Ha ha ha ha! So like Goku-san to do that!" Bora laughed as Gohan began to tell tales of his father's adventures since the time that Bora was brought back to life thanks to the Dragon Balls. Gohan had told them everything, from Raditz's arrival to the defeat of Majin Boo. Bora and Upa were attached to every word that Gohan said about Son Goku. To say the least, they weren't surprised at the many things that happened to Goku. Son Goku was a very special person who had touched many people's lives. It wouldn't be strange that Goku had incredible powers as well. "Well, I'm glad that Goku-san is doing great."

Gohan nodded. "Yeah and it was thanks to the life of the Dai Kaioshin-sama that Dad was able to come back to life," said the demi-saiyan as he finished his 15th serving of food. "Now, Dad is able to stay with us for good."

"I'm glad," Upa said. "It would be nice to see Goku-san once again."

"I'm sure he would very much like that Upa-san," Gohan said as he stood up and stretched out. "That reminds me, I have to climb this tower as quickly as possible and get back to my friends. Thank you Bora-san for the amazing meal." Gohan bowed in appreciation.

"It's no problem," Bora responded with a big smile on his face. "You are always welcomed here Son Gohan-san."

"Thank you and next time I'll bring Dad along," Gohan said as he waved goodbye to Upa and Bora. Gohan stood before the base of the tower. He looked up to see how far he had to go and to be honest it was quite far. The top was invisible to the eye. This was not going to be easy. All right! Gohan said to himself. Let's do this! Gohan jumped on the tower and began to climb at a fast pace, grabbing anything that would propel him up. Bora and Upa looked up to see the disappearing figure of Son Gohan as the demi-saiyan continued to make his way up the tower.

"Good luck Gohan-san," Bora said. "May the spirits guide you to victory."



* * *



Meanwhile, back at Negi's holding cell…

Negi sat on the chair as he awaited his verdict. He had given the mages a full report on what Chao had told him and Gohan. The only problem was that Gohan was nowhere to be seen. Suddenly, the gates opened to reveal Gandolfini, Takamichi and another mage. The three mages entered the cell. "I'm sorry to have to confine you here, Negi-sensei," Gandolfini said. "We're too understaffed to deal with this situation right now." Then Gandolfini showed Negi the report that the boy teacher wrote. "This report you gave us about Chao Lingshen and Son Gohan. Is this the truth?"

Negi gulped as he nodded nervously. "Yes."

"Bullshit!" cursed Gandolfini. "Trying to change history by using a time machine! Time travel is impossible! Plus, Son Gohan being a kind hearted person is very untrue! We have reports that say otherwise."

"But…" Negi protested but was cut off by Gandolfini.

"Chao Lingshen is a terrorist! And Son Gohan and his friends are her accomplices. Do you realize what she did on the final day of the school festival!"

Negi was getting a bit confused. Why did they keep repeating Gohan as an offender? He had no part in this since they were at the resort together. "G-Gandolfini-sensei, what did happen on the final day of the festival? What did Chao-san do? What does Gohan-san or his friends have to do with anything?"

Gandolfini adjusted his glasses (for dramatic effect of course). "The mages were completely defeated, Negi-sensei, by a single girl."



* * *



Back at Eva's cottage…

The girls had come back to the Eva's cottage and noticed the note that was left on resort. Asuna immediately recognized what it was as Negi's cousin had sent hologram messages to the boy teacher and vice-versa. The girls decided to play the message and suddenly, a hologram of Chao Lingshen appeared. However, Asuna noticed that there was something strange with Chao. She had spotted nervous sweats across her face. Asuna was curious but before she could try to decipher anything, the hologram began to speak. "Hello Negi-sensei, Gohan-sensei and friends. How are you? This may be hard to accept, but…you have lost this battle," said the hologram. "It's smarter to win without fighting. Don't blame me. Blame your own carelessness. I planned ahead and put a time-delay on the time machine I loaned to Negi-bozu. The trap guaranteed that none of you be present during the final day of the festival…I was planning to remove the trap if Negi-bozu and Gohan-kun joined our cause. Well…as it stands, you've been tricked. Believe it or not, your history has been changed already. You will no longer be able to return to your normal lives. Welcome…to our new world."



* * *



Meanwhile, back at Negi's prison cell…

The nameless mage teacher began to explain what happened on the last day of the festival. "Chao-kun's plan was terrifying meticulous, Negi-kun. We're not stupid. We have several contingency plans and have an organization to deal with these events," explained the mage teacher. "For example, if a person were to take over a national news broadcast and claim, 'there are wizards among us!'…that would have been easy to resolve. Who in this modern society believes in the actual existence of magic?"

"Unfortunately," continued Gandolfini, "Chao Lingshen used the magic of the World Tree, to cast a 'forced recognition spell' on the entire world."

"Forced recognition?" Negi repeated.

Gandolfini then snapped his fingers as various images of the final day of the festival appeared in front of Negi. Negi's eyes widened when he saw the images. "This is the image from the final day of the school festival, June 22th at 7:37 PM," explained Gandolfini. "Chao Lingshen targeted six pools of concentrated magic around the World Tree. These were the same places where we had guards posted to prevent love confessions. A horde of armed robots took over these areas quickly. By the time we realized what was going on, it was too late.

"She created a pentagram three kilometers in diameter and activating the magic of the World Tree to cast the 'Forced Recognition Spell.' And that spell reacted with the twelve other sacred places around the globe similar to the World Tree where it resonated and amplified the power. Three hours later, the spell surrounded the entire planet, which was her plan all along," continued Gandolfini. "We learned this after the fact."

"The truth is," added the nameless mage teacher, "the 'Forced Recognition Spell' cast around the world lowered the mental block that would prevent people from accepting the existence of magic and mages. It was like a minor form of hypnosis. To be more accurate, it was just enough to cast doubt like 'There might be magic' or 'There might be wizards.' Considering the large scale of her plan, this was enough."

"Next, Chao Lingshen used the internet to spread information about magic and mages. On the surface it looked like she was just broadcasting images from the Mahora Budokai," explained the nameless mage teacher. "However, it was designed to lead interested people to more detailed information about mages and even information pertaining to the Magianitas and alien race known as the Saiyans."

"For the past week, we've been trying to contain this situation, but, the information is protected by her unbreakable programming, and continues to spread," mentioned Gandolfini. "Now, it's impossible for us to plug all the leaks. By now…there must a few people who know the truth about our world. In the beginning it was contained as a big secret, but, within a week, most of the residents of Mahora have started to believe. In a month's time, most of the developed nations will begin to accept magic as part of their reality. Within six months, the entire world will consider the existence of magic to be a mundane face."



* * *



Back at Eva's cottage…

Chao had just finished explaining what Gandolfini and the nameless mage teacher told Negi. "And that's the extent of my plan," Chao said. "I'm sure the next five to ten years will be a bit tumultuous and this will cause some trouble for people. But I want you to survive it as I don't know how the planet will survive under this new rule. Goodbye for now…until we meet again."

Everyone was quiet. Chao had just dropped the bombshell on them. Asuna was swirling, unsure on what the hell just happened. "Wh-What's going on here! All I heard was a bunch of words I didn't quite understand!"

Chisame snarled at the orange-haired girl. "Aargh! You're a dimwit, Baka Red!" shouted Chisame. "Chao's plan was a big success, okay! At this rate, the world is going to hell in a magical hand basket!"

"But what you do think Chao-san meant by 'new rule'?" Setsuna asked. "That doesn't make sense. Unless…"

Suddenly, the door behind them creaked open. The girls were spooked out of their places. Kaede, Setsuna, and Ku Fei immediately got in fighting poses as they thought the enemy had come in. However, it was actually Chamo, carrying the time watch! "Thank goodness…you're all here!" cried the out of breath ermine. "We got trouble, folks!" Chamo proceeded to explain what happen to the boy teacher.

All of the girls were surprised by these turn of events, especially Asuna. "N-Negi…he's going to be turned into an ermine!" Asuna said.

Chamo nodded. "Yeah," spoke the ermine. "He's being held responsible for what happened. Right now he's locked way underground."

"Wh-Why!" cried Asuna. "He didn't do anything wrong! And where the hell is Gohan? Shouldn't he be with Negi or something!"

"Well, the procedure's normal for such a major incident," Chamo said as he took a puff of his cigarette. "Aniki is only ten years old…so it will be temporary, maybe a few months or so, but it's safe to assume he'll be forced to go to the magical world. With Gohan-nii, he is being searched as a wanted criminal for being Chao's accomplice."

"WHAT!" cried the girls.

"How? Gohan-kun was with us at the resort," Konoka stated.

Chamo nodded in agreement. "I know, but I wasn't able to ascertain many details as I came here rushing here as quickly as I could," said the ermine.

"What is going to happen to Gohan-kun then?" asked Haruna.

"Most likely, he will be sent to the magical world and be prisoned for the rest of his life or worse, executed," Chamo said. All of the girls gasped at the prospect. They needed to do something now!

"We have to go rescue Negi-bozu and clear Gohan-kun's name aru!" Ku Fei said.

"Wait Ku-san!" protested Setsuna. "Do you plan to fight the magical teachers by yourself!" Ku Fei nodded.

"Can't we reason with them?" asked Yue.

"I don't know," replied the ermine. "They're all pretty old school. They themselves will have to face some responsibility in all of this as well…everyone's in a bind."

"I don't care about their situation!" shouted Asuna. "If they complain, I'll just beat them up in place of Gohan's. They will rue the day they placed Gohan as a criminal."

"Wait, Baka Red!" Chisame said as she tried to stop Asuna from leaving the building. She then looked at the ermine and asked, "Hey, you there, what about that time machine you brought with you? Can't we use that to go back in time to stop Chao's plan?"

"About that…" Chamo trailed as he looked up the manual to the specific topic that he wanted to look up on. "As I thought. This is bad."

"What Chamo-kun?" Haruna asked.

"This time machine can only be used during the festival when the World Tree is brimming with magic," the ermine explained. "See? The needle isn't moving anymore. This can't even be used as a normal watch now."

"WHAT!" screamed the girls.

"This thing needs a mage and the power of the World Tree to operate," continued Chamo. "This kind of useful tool isn't very common."

"Th-Then the world is stuck like this?" Chisame questioned, shivering at the possibility that all hope was lost. "What are we going to do?"

"Now don't panic, Chiucchi," Chamo stated. "There has to be something we can do!"

"Either way, let's go rescue Negi!" Asuna said. "We can figure that out later! By now, Gohan should be there beating the crap out of those mages and rescuing Negi!"

"But Asuna-san, we should think this through first," Setsuna said. "We have to come up with a plan. What happens if Gohan-sensei is not there? Then what? We should really think this through."

"Wait Setsuna," Kaede said as she looked out the window when she felt a strange tug in the air. "It doesn't look like we have time to think. They've come looking for us de-gozaru." All the girls looked out the window and noticed the two figures standing before them. It was a mage wearing a black suit and a woman who appeared to be a swordswoman. Setsuna immediately recognized who they were. What were they going to do?



* * *



Meanwhile, at Karin-To…

Gohan continued to climb up the tower at a normal pace. He had looked at his watch to notice the time and realizing that there was still plenty before meeting up again, the demi-saiyan climbed normally. And judging by the appearance of the near-visibility both above and below, Gohan assumed that he was right at the middle. As he continued to climb, Gohan suddenly felt a huge spike in ki! "What the hell?" muttered the demi-saiyan. He turned his head towards the direction of the ki and realized it was coming from Mahora! "What is going on over there? I better quickly climb this tower before anything bad happens." Gohan picked up the pace and started to climb much more quickly than before. Hopefully, everything back at Mahora was all right.



* * *



Back at Negi's prison…

"Wait!" shouted the boy teacher. "Please wait! I have Chao-san's time machine! We can just use the time machine to go back to the final day of the school festival and fix everything! "

"You're still going on about that nonsense!" retorted Gandolfini. "Time travel is impossible! We've heard enough from you, Negi-sensei!" Gandolfini let out a sigh to recollect himself, trying not to let his anger get the better of him. "The Headmaster is on his way back to the homeland. They'll be making the final decision," said Gandolfini. "But I don't think much can be done at this point. All magical teachers and students in Mahora will be deported. We have to take responsibility for this incident. You won't be exempt, Negi-sensei. You probably won't be able to return here again."

"Huh!" Negi sounded as he watched Gandolfini and the other mage walk towards the gate of the prison cell. "B-But what about my work as a teacher? What about my students?"

"Your training mission here is over," explained Gandolfini. "You may be the son of the Thousand Master, but you won't escape punishment for this. Besides, thanks to leaked footage from the Mahora Budokai, you're now a famous wizard. We can't have you walking around and adding to the confusion out here."

"But…"

"Give it up," Gandolfini interrupted. "You're never going to see your students again." And with that the gate shut closed, leaving Negi and Takamichi to themselves. Negi couldn't believe that this was happening. He sat down on the chair with a thud, shocked in learning that he won't be able to see his students. Plus, Son Gohan was now a criminal who would be punished to the full extent of the Magical law. The punishment could be banishment or worse, death. What could Negi do now?



* * *



Back at Eva's cottage…

"Hey, why do we have to fight them?" asked Chisame as the girls planned their next course of action. "Even if we did, what chance do we have? I think we're out of options."

"Heh heh," chuckled the ermine as he climbed on top of Konoka's head. "I think you're giving up too easily, Chiucchi! You've got a lot of potential. You just lack combat experience. Don't give up! We'll find a way if we keep searching."

Meanwhile, outside the two warriors closed in on the door. Kuzunoha Toko, the swordswoman, spoke up. "Kagurazaka Asuna, along with 9 others. We know you're in there," said the swordswoman. "Cooperate with us and slowly exit the building. Nobody will be reprimanded in any way. We're not here to harm you. You're all important witnesses. We only want to ask you questions about this serious incident." There was no response as the girls inside began to contemplate what their response should be.

However, everyone failed to notice a figure standing on one of the nearby tree branches. His black long hair blowing in the wind as his blue eyes looked at the scene. The boy teacher isn't here, said the mysterious figure to himself. He must be kept at the secret headquarters. I better let master know about it. The mysterious man let out a smile before going to super speed and disappearing from sight.

Inside the house, Chisame said to the Chamo, "Did you hear that? You have a point, but, they're being reasonable and nice about this, right? Why don't we cooperate?"

"No, wait a sec," said the ermine. "I have an idea. We need to blast our way outta here and rescue Aniki first. Listen close. This is an international incident," Chamo explained. "Who know how long they'll lock us up for? If we get taken to the Magical homeland as witnesses, then what do we do? We've lost an opportunity."

"Lost…?" Chisame repeated.

Kaede looked at the ermine with curiosity. "Sounds like you have a plan, Chamo-dono," spoke the ninja.

The ermine nodded as he asked Nodoka, "Jo-chan, you've confirmed that Eva isn't here, right?" Nodoka gave a nod to the ermine, allowing him to continue. "That means Eva's still a week back in the past. I guess we won't get much help from her. We're the only ones who fell for that trap." Chamo then looked at Chisame as he spoke. "Chiucchi, there's something I need you to look up on the net."

"I can't do it here," replied Chisame. "I'll have to go to the free wireless hotspot near the station or something."

Chamo nodded. "Right," he said as he started his plan. "Now, are we all ready? Okay, ladies, let's get out of here!" The girls nodded as they listened to Chamo's plan, all the meanwhile, the two teachers outside were getting inpatient. Well, Toko was the one getting impatient since she wanted to slice them up for ruining her life. The other mage teacher, meanwhile, noticed something strange in the air. He glanced around, trying to pinpoint the location of the disturbance that he felt but couldn't find it. He didn't have time to look for it as the door suddenly opened.



* * *



Meanwhile, at Negi's prison…

"Takamichi…" Negi said with a dejected look on his face as he looked at Takamichi who was smoking a cigarette. "You were there, and still you couldn't stop Chao-san? What about all the other magical teachers?" asked the boy teacher.

"The mages on the academy's side were taken out before we could do anything, me included," replied Takamichi as he took another drag of his cigarette. "By the time we found out, her plan had already been carried out."

"Even you, Takamichi?" Negi questioned.

"Actually," Takamichi said as he took another drag, "I did once corner Chao-kun. Fortunately, someone told me about Chao-kun's plan ahead of time. At the last second though, I hesitated. That's when she got me," said Takamichi with a sad look on his face. "I'm pretty sure Tatsumiya-kun shot me. We were utterly defeated."

"The commander!" Negi cried. "You were shot? Are you all right!"

"Yeah, I wasn't injured," Takamichi said as his face suddenly turned serious. "But I would never forget the moment after I got shot. I was about to lose consciousness and when I looked up, I saw someone that I would never have expected to have sided with Chao-kun."

"Who Takamichi?" asked Negi.

Takamichi took another puff of his cigarette before revealing the person. "It was…Son Goku." Negi's eyes flung wide open. Goku! The Saiyan hero that saved the Earth so many times! That was not possible!

"You have to be mistaken Takamichi!" Negi protested. "Goku-san would never have sided with Chao-san if it meant the world being in chaos and having his powers being revealed! I'm sure of it! You have to be mistaken!"

"I am not mistaken Negi-kun," Takamichi said. "That was Son Goku and you must be careful of him. I know you trust him because of Gohan-kun but we don't know what the Saiyans are capable. You may be right Negi-kun. Goku-san may be controlled by Chao-kun somehow but I will believe what I saw."

"Th-That can't be…" Negi said. "So that's why Gohan-san is being treated as a wanted criminal, because of Goku-san." Takamichi nodded as he took another drag. Negi began to ponder the possibilities of even trying to correct the world now. There was no point anymore. If Chao was able to bring Goku to her side willingly or unwillingly, she may have gotten to the others as well. How would they be able to stand up against a force like that? Even Gohan would be unable to fight against them because they were family to him.

"Watch out for Son Goku and his two friends," Takamichi said.

"Two friends?" Negi questioned. "You mean Vegeta-san and Piccolo-san? They were with him as well?" Negi clenched his fists, hoping that wasn't true. If it was, then they would be in a whole lot of trouble.

"No," Takamichi immediately responded. "They weren't any of Goku-san's friends from what I could tell. One of them was tall and had orange hair. The other one was shorter and had long black hair. They were oddly dressed and the weirdest part was that I couldn't feel any energy from them. It was as if they didn't exist." Negi couldn't believe what he was hearing. Chao had everything. This was going to be impossible now. Takamichi continued. "Watch out for them as well. They could be dangerous. Also watch out for the bullets that Chao-kun and her friends use. It'll be difficult, but a single hit, and it's over. Your skills won't matter. Chao-kun said that they were special bullets that could only be used during the school festival. They'll have the most powerful weapon on their side because you'll have to face them during the festival."

"W-Wait Takamichi," interrupted Negi as Takamichi was about to continue on further with his explanations. "Why are you telling me this? What good is talking about it now? We've lost."

Takamichi smiled as he took another drag of his cigarette. "You were telling the truth earlier, right?" Negi looked at the mage teacher strangely as Takamichi continued. "About the time machine. The way things are, I can't help you, but, Asuna-kun and the others are coming to rescue you. You're planning to go back with them, aren't you? I know you want to go back to the final day of the school festival in order to put the world back to the way it was before Chao-kun's plan.



* * *



Outside of the church where the headquarters was 'secretly' located…

"This is the place," Asuna said as she saw the church ahead of them. Thanks to Chamo's plan, Asuna, Konoka, Ku Fei, Haruna, Yue, Nodoka and Chisame were able to escape from Eva's cottage. However, Setsuna and Kaede were left behind in order to stall the two teachers from capturing the others. On the way out of Eva's cottage, Asuna and her groups encountered with Takane, Mei and another mage student. It seemed like all hope was lost that was until Asuna came up with a plan and defeated the three student mages. And thanks to Nodoka's artifact, which was used on Mei, they were able to find out the location of where Negi was located. Now came the difficult part…save Negi Springfield.

"Let's do it girls," Asuna said.

Everyone nodded in agreement. "Right!"



* * *



Back in Negi's prison cell…

"You…you believe me, Takamichi!" Negi cried, so happy that someone finally believed him. It made him even happier to know that it was Takamichi as well, his dear friend. "Th-Then please talk to Gandolfini-sensei and ask him to let me out…"

"Can't," Takamichi interrupted. "Like I said, there's nothing I can do personally to help you. We're both going to be turned into ermines, I'm sure."

"I see," Negi responded with a dejected look. However, he suddenly remembered something that Takamichi mentioned earlier. He needed to know. "Takamichi…when you had Chao-san cornered, you hesitated in the end. Why?"

Takamichi didn't respond immediately as he began to think of the answer. He let out a sigh. "Obviously, Chao-kun's actions can't be condoned," said the mage teacher. "It's just that, well…the Thousand Master might have sided with Chao-kun in this matter. He wasn't the type to get hung up on details."

"Huh? M-My father might have sided with Chao-san!" Negi repeated. That couldn't be possible. If Gohan wasn't going to side with Chao, why would Nagi Springfield side with her?

"Yes," responded Takamichi. "Now this is only an extreme generalization. You're striving to become magister magi, so I'm sure you'll understand. Right now, people all over the world are suffering from war, poverty, and more," explained Takamichi. "It's easy to forget all that when you see the students smiling here. We're constantly working on helping the people who are suffering but, our actions are limited through many restrictions. We can only do so much. However…Chao-kun brought forth a world where magic is part of reality. That means a lot of the restrictions may be removed. Many people could be saved."

"B-But…" Negi said as he tried to come up with a response. "Takamichi! Are you saying that Chao-san's right? Could she be trying to save this world?"

"No, that's not it," Takamichi immediately responded. "The world isn't a simple place. It can't be saved so easily. Why do you think Goku-san and the others aren't trying to stop wars and such? The world isn't black and white. There are many areas to consider. I'm just saying that it's a possibility that, through Chao-kun's plans, some lives might be saved. That's why I hesitated."

"Then…you don't think Chao-san did anything wrong?" Negi questioned.

"No, that's not it," Takamichi replied. "Even if Chao-kun's motives were right, she was wrong to force her plans on the world. There had to be a better way, especially by someone from the future. I personally think she's mistaken."

"That means I should stop Chao-san…?" questioned Negi again, unsure what to do. Takamichi didn't respond as he lit up another cigarette.

"That's a decision you'll have to make," Takamichi said. "I don't have the right to tell you what you should do, especially since we failed to stop her." Takamichi then looked at Negi's face as the word confusion was written all over him. "I'm sorry Negi-kun. I didn't mean to confuse you." Suddenly Takamichi's cell phone began to ring. The mage teacher responded to it quickly and as soon he heard the voice call, one of his eyebrows lifted up. "You'll have to excuse me Negi-kun."

"What's the matter?" asked the boy teacher.

"It's your friends," replied Takamichi. "They've come to rescue you." Negi widened his eyes. They what!



* * *



Meanwhile, at Karin-To…

Karin was looking over the railing, sipping on some his homebrewed tea. As he took another sip, he heard some panting coming from the other side. He turned his cat head around to see Gohan up at the top. The demi-saiyan was panting a bit. "I-I-I finally did Karin-sama," said Gohan through his pants. "I climbed the tower, just like you asked."

The cat smiled at the sight as he walked over to the nearby table. "Very good Son Gohan," Karin said. "However, you got here much later than I would expect. Considering your strength right now, I would have thought that you would have climbed this tower in two hours or less."

Gohan laughed as he scratched the back of his neck. "Sorry about that Karin-sama," said the demi-saiyan. "I was held up down at the base. I met with Bora-san and Upa-san and we…" Suddenly, Gohan felt something in the air, causing him to stop talking. It was like a lightning shock to his senses. He quickly rushed over to the railing to see what direction that tug was coming from. His eyes were widening by the second. "Wh-What is that incredible ki!" Gohan questioned. "It's unlike anything I felt before. Where is it coming from?"

"From Mahora," replied the cat as he took another sip of his tea before placing it on the table. "The place where you teach Son Gohan. That's where that incredible ki is coming from."

"What!" Gohan screamed as he looked at Karin once again. He clenched his fists in rage. "You knew about this the whole time Karin-sama! Why didn't you tell me!"

"I thought you knew Gohan," replied the cat. "That's why I purposefully asked you to climb the tower so I could brew more senzu beans, knowing that you were going to need them for the upcoming battle."

"I-I knew…?" Gohan repeated as he suddenly realized that this huge ki was the same one that he felt before. It was the same one that his father had pointed out earlier. N-No way! Gohan said to himself. I thought that was my ki signature. So that whole time it was someone else's? This ki is huge and has a bit of an evil feeling to it. "Then that means that whole time, that ki was there? But who could it belong to?"

"Not sure," Karin replied. "But I have felt this ki signature before."

"You have Karin-sama? Where?" questioned Gohan. "I need to know. My friends could be in danger!" Then it hit Gohan again. That's right, my friends! He said to himself. "Karin-sama, where are my Dad and the others? How come I can't sense their ki signatures?"

The cat didn't respond as he bowed his head slightly in sadness. Gohan didn't catch the body expression of Karin; otherwise he would have noticed something was strange. "I-I'm not sure Gohan," Karin replied. "I can't sense their ki anywhere."

"Dammit," Gohan said as he clenched his fists. "Where is Dad when you need him?"

"In that case, you are going to have to make due Gohan," Karin said. "You have to protect your friends and this planet. Goku may be gone but you are still here. And besides, you are his son. You can do it."

Gohan nodded in agreement. "Right!" said the demi-saiyan. Although he hated fighting, Gohan was going to do it in order to protect his friends and also, protect this planet just like he promised Eva during their battle at the Mahora Budokai. As he tried to sense this ki signature more deeply, due in part to what Karin said, the demi-saiyan began to agree with the sacred cat. This ki signature felt very oddly familiar. Who could it come from?

"Here Gohan," Karin said as he took out a brown bag. "I was able to brew 5 senzu beans. I know it's not much, but that's all I could muster at the moment." Gohan took the brown bag in kind and looked at the contents inside. The demi-saiyan then looked at the cat, signaled goodbye, and ran towards the railing to jump into the air. "Wait Gohan!" called out the cat.

Gohan stopped. "What is it Karin-sama?" asked the demi-saiyan. "I'm kind of in a hurry."

"I know you are Gohan, but how are you going to get there?" Karin questioned.

"Easy. Flying," Gohan immediately responded. The cat let out a sigh. "What is it Karin-sama? What's wrong?"

"Gohan, I know that you want to get to your friends as quickly as possible, but think for a second," said the cat. "This ki is too great, even for you possibly. You are going to need all the power that you can hold on to. Going over to Mahora at top speed is going to waste a lot of energy. It's best if you go on Kinto Un to save up your energy."

"That's true," Gohan said. "But wouldn't going on Kinto Un slow me down?"

"I believe it would better than to waste energy don't you agree Gohan?" questioned the sacred cat.

Gohan pondered on that thought a bit. What Karin said was true and from his assessment of the ki signature, Gohan believed this ki to be at an extremely high level. There was no way to ascertain if this someone could have more power. It's best not to risk it and go with the safe route. He clenched his fists. I hope my friends will be able to hold out until I get there, Gohan said to himself. "KINTO UN!" screamed the demi-saiyan as suddenly a yellow cloud came rushing towards him. Gohan got changed clothes immediately as he threw a capsule on the floor. He got changed his father outfit, the same one that he wore during the battle against Hildegarn and the Mahora Budokai. He then jumped on the yellow cloud. "Okay Kinto Un, it's time to go to our friends!"

"Wait Gohan!" Karin screamed, stopping Kinto Un from flying any further. Gohan looked at the scared cat with a face that said 'I have to hurry now!' "Take this!" Karin threw something at the demi-saiyan which he caught. Gohan looked down at his hand and saw that it was senzu bean. "A little reward for climbing the tower."

"Thank you Karin-sama!" Gohan said as he ate the bean, replenishing him. "Okay Kinto Un, it's time to go! Full speed ahead!" And with that, the cloud dashed through the sky at break neck speed. Please, let everyone be all right till I get there! Please, survive! Gohan said to himself as he dashed through the skies of Earth and headed towards Mahora.



* * *



Meanwhile, back at Mahora…

Asuna and her group had entered the headquarters. When they arrived at the place, they had encountered minimal resistance, until they reached the tunnels in the bottom. There the girls were separated and were forced to fight some things. Yue and Asuna were facing off against Takamichi; Haruna, Chisame and Nodoka had run into a three headed dog, while Ku Fei faced off against a chimera of sorts. It took a while but Yue had managed to figure out it was all an illusion caused by a little girl.

After that they ran into the real Takamichi who gave Yue a message for Negi. Then shortly after that they ran into Negi who had escaped the prison with some help from an unknown source. It was a sweet reunion. Negi apologized for having them in this much trouble and face so much danger at the same time. "I'm so sorry," apologized the boy teacher. "You were in quite the mess because of me."

Suddenly, the boy teacher was hit on the head by none other than Asuna. "Stop talking like that, you stubborn idiot!" said the orange-haired girl. "This time around, it's not just your problem. You understand? You're our master. We're your partners' right?"

Negi gasped a bit until he gave a nod and smiled. "Hai!" Everyone smiled and cheered, that was until Chamo had to interrupt the happy time.

"I hate to rain on this happy reunion, but we're running out of time," Chamo said.

"Y-You're right, Chamo-kun!" Negi exclaimed. "We have to get back to the surface and travel one week back in time! Plus we need to grab Gohan-san with us; otherwise he would be stuck here forever."

"No, Aniki," responded the ermine. "Unfortunately, Cassiopeia won't work on the surface anymore. Besides, I'm sure Gohan-nii is coming toward our position right this very minute. After what happened earlier, I'm sure he has picked up some of the girl's ki spiking up and down."

"Then what do we do Chamo-kun?" Negi asked.

"We have one chance left," replied Chamo. "We're lucky that we're already underground. We're going to the deepest roots of the World Tree. Everyone ready?" Everyone nodded as they started to run along the corridors of the underground tunnels.

"Chamo-kun, why are we headed to the deepest roots of the World Tree?" asked the boy teacher.

"I can answer that sensei," Chisame said as she pulled out her computer. "Mahora University's 'World Tree Aficionados Club' kept a record of the World Tree's glow before, during, and after the school festival. They have over sixty years of data on their website," explained Chisame. "Generally, the World Tree stops glowing once the festival's finished, but during years with a brighter glow, the tree continues for 7 to 8 days after the festival. That was the case in '38, '60, and '82. This year is following that trend."

Negi widened his eyes upon the realization. "So that means…"

"Uh-huh! There's a chance that there's a chance that there's some magic left, even after a week!" Chamo said. "The magic will probably be strongest near the deepest roots! According to the graph, the tree's barely glowing. I'd say we have 50% chance that the magic's still remaining. That's why we need to hurry!"

"Ch-Chamo-san!" exclaimed Yue as the ermine was currently on Yue's witch hat. "Take a look!" Everyone looked around to see the roots of the World Tree shining brightly like it did before. "The roots are shimmering!"

"Jackpot! There's still some magic left!" Chamo said. "Aniki, contact Setsuna-nee-san and Kaede-nee-san as well!" Negi nodded.

"Looks like the hard part is over," Asuna said.

"True but how are we going to contact Gohan-sensei?" asked Yue. Negi and Asuna both pondered on that part, until finally they remembered something that Gohan once mentioned to them during the Kyoto trip.

"Asuna-san," Negi said as he looked at the orange-haired girl.

"I'm already on it," Asuna said as she closed her eyes and focused her ki to a single spot. Please Gohan, Asuna said to herself. Please be able to sense this Gohan. We need you to come back with us, no…with me. We have to stop Chao together!



* * *



Above the surface…

Gohan was dashing through the sky, standing on Kinto Un as the yellow cloud went on full speed. They were three quarters away from Mahora city. "Faster Kinto Un!" yelled Gohan as he suddenly picked up a ki signature. It was Asuna! "Why is she focusing her ki? Something must be going on," said the demi-saiyan before he picked up another ki signature. This time, it was the mysterious one and it was heading straight towards Asuna's position! This was not good! "Dammit!" cursed Gohan as he and Kinto Un sped even faster through the sky.



* * *



Meanwhile…

"Come on then everyone!" yelled Asuna as she led the group through the tunnels. They realized that the magic was still inside the roots. However, the only way to have the watch work perfectly was to go towards the center on which was directly underneath the World Tree. "We have to hurry!" Then suddenly, out came a huge dragon! Negi, Yue and Nodoka immediately froze as they recognized the dragon as it was the same one that they had encountered in the depths of Library Island. This was going to be tough.

"Everyone be ready!" Negi said as he prepared his magic attack as the dragon was about to unleash hit own attack. But before the boy teacher could even chant the words, a large ki beam passed by him and the girls and hit the dragon spot on, knocking it out as it was sent flying backwards and crashing into a nearby wall.

"What the hell was that?" Asuna said as there was a heavy smoke surrounding the dragon. Setsuna and Kaede arrived at that same moment as the group stared at the smoke that surrounded the beast. Then the group noticed something within the smoke. A figure to be more precise. This figure was tall, wore a martial arts dogi that had the color combination of orange and blue and this said figure had the spikiest hair you had ever seen. Everyone immediately recognized who it was. It was Son Goku!

"Yosh! Hey everybody!" Goku greeted everyone.

The group went into a loud cheer as they went to greet the Saiyan. "Goku-san!" everyone yelled. "Goku-san where have you been?" Negi asked.

"Around," replied the Saiyan. "I have been quite busy with the whole spread magic business. Sorry that I wasn't around earlier to help you guys out."

"I'd say," Asuna said. "It's a good thing that we have now Goku-san on our side. Nothing will be able to stop us now."

"That's right," Setsuna added. "We should take Goku-san with us to the past. That way there will be two Goku-sans. The more the merrier." The girls all nodded in agreement.

"But what about Gohan-kun?" Konoka asked. "Shouldn't he be back already?" Everyone look dejected as they realized that Gohan wasn't them. Where could he be at this time?

"Don't worry about it Konoka-san," Goku said. "Gohan will be fine. After all he is a brat."

"Of course he is," Asuna said with a slight blush on her face. "But he is still our brat. Come on everyone let's go." Everyone nodded in agreement.

The Saiyan hero let out a grin. "Right! Let me lead the way," Goku said. The girls began to congregate around the Saiyan but before they could move even one step, they heard a yell coming from unlikely source.

"STOP!" Everyone turned their heads around to see that it was Negi who screamed. This was very unusual for him and then they got even more surprised when they saw Negi positioned himself in a fighting stance. "Girls, step away from him!"

"Negi what's wrong?" Asuna asked.

"That is not Son Goku," Negi said with a stern look on his face.

"Huh?" sounded the girls with confused looks on their faces.

"What do you mean not 'Son Goku' Negi-kun?" Konoka asked. "This is Son Goku-san. He has the trademark hair and the same smile as Gohan-kun's father. Who else could it be?"

"That man is an impostor," Negi said.

"What are you talking about Negi-sensei?" asked Setsuna.

"I knew something was strange when we first met him. I couldn't quite put my finger on it as I felt a strange aura or ki coming from him," explained the boy teacher. "Also, he is searched by the mage societies for helping Chao-san achieve her goal on spreading the word on magic. Don't you think it's strange that Goku-san would help do something that could potentially hurt people? Plus, he used honorifics and called Gohan-san a brat. Goku-san has never used honorifics nor does he call his son a brat! He is very proud of his son, Gohan-san!"

As the girls began to ponder on what Negi had just told them, 'Goku' had a smile on his face. More accurately, an evil grin on his face. "Very good, Negi Springfield," 'Goku' said as he held his hand out. "No wonder you are called the child genius by so many." Then suddenly a purple ki beam came out of his hand and straight towards Negi Springfield! Negi was caught by surprise at the ki beam coming towards that he didn't have time to block. Luckily, Setsuna and Ku Fei came to the rescue as they knock the ki beam away from its destined target.

"That ki beam had some power behind it," Setsuna said sternly. "Goku-san would never do something like that to a friend from Gohan-sensei has told us about his father. So, who are you?"

"Hmmm, wouldn't you like to know girl?" 'Goku' said when suddenly, he felt a hinge of a blade on his neck. He turned his eyes to see that it was Kaede who was holding the blade. 'Goku' let out a laugh. "Hahahaha! You are indeed the Mahora ninja. I'm glad to have met you. But you are no match for me." Suddenly, 'Goku' balled his fists together which immediately caught Ku Fei's attention.

"Kaede, get back!" screamed the Chinese marital artist as 'Goku' 's body began to glow and then suddenly explode! Everyone covered their eyes the explosion rocked the foundations on which they were underneath. "Kaede!" The smoke was covering everything, making everyone blind at the moment. Negi and the others began to look around for their ninja when suddenly they heard some rocks fall down. Negi quickly turned and aimed his staff at the direction of noise. He was about to let out an attack but stopped when he saw the figure. It was Kaede!

"Kaede-san, are you all right?" Negi asked.

"I'm all right," said the Mahora ninja as she was getting out of the rubble. "That was a close one. Thanks for the warning de-gozaru."

"Heh heh heh heh," an evil voice chuckled from within the smoke. "You are quick. Your speed is worthy of that of a ninja. However…" The smoke began to dissipate, revealing the true identity of the impostor. The impostor was tall, had a different color tone of skin than that of normal humans. He wore a chest plate armor similar to that of Vegeta's except the chest plate was black while the shoulder plates were very dark blue but not as dark as the center. In his midsection, he had a small plate on each of his hips and he wore long black pants with Saiyan boots. Though he was dressed differently than before, there was still one thing that remained from his disguise…his hair! Everyone thought that the hair would change due to the hard nature of trying to copy Goku's hair but this guy had the exact same hair as the Saiyan hero! Once the smoke disappeared, the impostor finished his sentence. "It is no match for the speed of a Saiyan. Bwa ha ha ha ha!"

Asuna smirked at the comment. "Yeah right," she said. "You are no Saiyan. Goku-san and Vegeta are the only Saiyans left. There is no way…" Asuna began to trail once she noticed something that was around the impostor's hip like a belt. It looked like… "Is that a tail?"

"You have a good eye lady," said the Saiyan as he unwrapped his tail, revealing it and waggling it to everyone. "This is indeed my tail. The proud proof of my Saiyan heritage."

"No…way," Setsuna said as she started to tremble a bit.

"What's going on?" Yue asked. "What does a monkey tail have to do with anything?"

"Yue-san, during the Kyoto trip, Gohan-san told us a bit about himself," Negi said. "Son Goku, Gohan-san's father, is from an extraterrestrial race called the Saiyans. Gohan-san, meanwhile, is half-Saiyan but carries their blood in his veins. That is why he and his father are able to turn into Super Saiyans. He also said that the Saiyan race were easily distinguishable by their monkey tail even when they looked exactly like humans. If they see a full moon, they transform into a Great Ape."

"Right you are boy," the Saiyan impostor responded. "I'm impressed that Kakabrat told you a bit about our proud history. However, that brat and his low-class fighter of a father, Kakarotto, have no right to speak about our race so easily when they have strayed so far from the path."

"Who are you then?" Negi asked. "What have you come from for? And why do you look like Goku-san?"

The Saiyan chuckled evilly. "If you insist," said the Saiyan. "My name is Tullece and I am here for revenge."



* * *



Author's note: Dum Dum Dum! The mysterious Saiyan has been revealed and it's Tullece! I'm sure a lot of you are wondering how the hell did Tullece survive or why I am calling him Tullece and not Turles? First off, his survival will be revealed later on and secondly, I like the japanese name better than the English version. It also keeps with Toriyama's puns on Saiyans as their names are puns of vegetable names. A lot of people forget that fact and call their Saiyan characters with weird names on this site. It is kind of frustrating. But anyways, I hope you like the introduction of Tullece. There is more of him to come!

READ AND REVIEW! PLEASE! I really like reviews! Anyways, see ya around! Peace!





*Chapter 38*: Fight for Survival, Negi and Class 3A!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. See chapter 1 for details.

Author's note: Hey everybody! How are you all doing? Hope you are enjoying your week. I just had my hell week so to speak where I spent almost 20,000 yen but its okay now. Anyways, I'm glad that everyone liked the introduction of Tullece. However, many of you are assuming too much about him. More on this later as you read on in the next few weeks.

I want to thank theprincedonte for beta reading this chapter! And now, let me present to you guys Chapter 38 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 38: Will Son Gohan Make it on Time? Fight for Survival, Negi and Class 3-A!

"T-Tullece?" Negi repeated as the Saiyan impostor revealed himself to the group underneath Mahora Academy. "Y-You're a Saiyan?"

"Yes," said Tullece with an evil grin on his face, "and it's no surprise that Kakarotto and I should look alike. We disposable lower-class warriors only come in a few types. As for my purpose…well, I have come back to this pathetic planet for revenge."

"Revenge?" Asuna questioned. "Revenge against whom?"

"Against Kakarotto and his family," Tullece said, surprising the girls. "He defeated me, destroyed my plans for universal domination by destroying the Shinseiju tree, and he also became stronger than me. I cannot allow that to happen, especially when Kakarotto and his son have strayed so far from the righteous Saiyan path. However, that was my original plan as I have something more interesting than killing the Saiyan traitors. And that is you Negi Springfield."

Negi jerked. "Me?" he said. "What do you want with me?"

"You have great skill Negi Springfield, so much so that I want you to join forces with me. Join me Negi and together we can make the universe in our own image," Tullece said, trying to sound as persuasive as possible to the boy teacher. "We'll roam through space wherever we want to go, destroying any planets we like, eating delicious foods, drinking delicious wines and having all the pleasure you could want for all eternity. There is no more enjoyable life than this."

"What makes you think that Negi-sensei is going to join you?" Nodoka questioned, shocked that someone would even give an offer like that to Negi. Some of the girls were surprised that Nodoka even said something like that in the first place.

Tullece chuckled at the question. "It is Negi's choice of course, but think of this offer as repayment for my kindness. I think Negi will be grateful that I had eliminated one of his obstacles in order to save this planet." Negi immediately froze in place. Somehow, in the back of his mind, he knew what Tullece was talking about, but it couldn't be true. Could it? He had to ask.

"You killed Chao-san didn't you?" Negi asked, getting surprised looks from everyone as they all gasped. "Answer me Tullece, you killed Chao-san didn't you! That's why Chao-san sounded a bit scared when she left that message for me at Eva-san's cottage." The girls immediately turned their heads to see the reaction on Tullece's face. They expected for him to call Negi a liar because that couldn't be possible. He wouldn't kill someone in cold blood.

Tullece grinned. "Of course I did. The bitch had to die, but she wasn't the only one as I also killed that robot girl and that bitches' friend," he said, shocking everyone. "It was quite…satisfying."

"Why?" Asuna asked, trembling a bit in fear. "Why would you do such a thing?"

"They were no use to me anymore," Tullece replied with no emotions behind his tone of voice. "I used Chao as she used me. How else would she have achieved her goal of spreading the word about magic around the world? I gave her some of my resources in exchange for using her base as a headquarters for me to plan my revenge and for world domination. In the end, she served her purpose and thus, disguising myself as that low-class Kakarotto, I killed her in front of everyone. Now everyone will tremble in fear at the might of the Saiyans as it should have been from the very beginning!"

As Tullece laughed maniacally, there was something that was bugging Yue about how the evil Saiyan kept on talking about Goku, specifically on calling him a certain name. "Excuse me, why do you keep calling Goku-san 'Kakarotto' and 'a low-class Saiyan'? What does that mean?" asked Yue.

"Kakarotto is Goku-san's Saiyan name as Gohan-sensei had told us before," Setsuna explained. "There was once a Saiyan warrior that kept on calling out that name repeatedly. Remember that guy Broli?" Yue nodded, remembering full well the maniacal Legendary Super Saiyan and Gohan's close victory against him. "Well, he was also a Saiyan," continued the swordswoman. "But I have no idea about the low-class thing though."

"You are smart," Tullece said, with a grin on his face. "Chao was right about you Sakurazaki Setsuna. You are indeed smart for a warrior like yourself. As for the low-class part, let me explain why Kakarotto is a low-class warrior. When Saiyans are born, they are tested at birth for how much power they have in combat abilities. The weaker ones are sent to far away planets where the opposition is not so strong as to challenge the Saiyan. Kakarotto came to Earth because it was a weak planet and could have easily destroyed the human population had he not strayed from the righteous Saiyan path. However, I, on the other hand, was a low-class but now I am an elite Saiyan warrior who has risen through the ranks. Class will always triumph when it comes to strength no matter what."

Tullece let out a fit of laughter while Negi clenched his staff tightly. "Even though people are weak, if they work hard enough, they can overcome any wall, including overpassing an elite," Negi said with a determined look on his face as he looked straight at the evil Saiyan. "That was what Gohan-san had taught me. We are not a weak planet and we will prove it to you!" Negi then positioned himself in a fighting pose as so did the warriors of the group.

Tullece looked at them with surprised look as one of his eye brow's lifted up but then it turned to full blown laughter. "Ha Ha Ha! You think you can defeat me? An elite Saiyan warrior? HA! Don't make me laugh!" Tullece moved on one of his hands towards his side pocket as he pulled out something. It was some sort of device that a red glass on it as he placed it on his left ear. Everyone was curious as to what it was when suddenly Tullece pressed a button on the side and strange symbols appeared on the piece of glass. Everyone began to wonder what he was doing. Tullece let out a small grin as he began to measure everyone's battle power level. Each one had a respectable amount of power, but it was not enough to challenge him. "Interesting. Your battle powers are higher than that of ordinary humans. Negi's battle power is actually a little bit higher than that of Kakabrat's when I first met him so many years ago. However…" Tullece then took off the scouter and put it away, "I've learned from past experience to not rely on these scouters since they can be misleading when fighters like yourselves can hide away some of your battle power. But just to let you know that my power is much higher than yours by a long ways. Ha ha ha!"

"So does that mean you are going to fight us or are you going to let us pass de-gozaru?" Kaede asked.

Tullece grinned. "I originally was going to let you pass since you would have no chance in stopping us in the past; however, I expected Kakarotto's brat to be here with you," Tullece said. "So I had a change of heart. You can pass if you are able to defeat my subordinates."

"Subordinates?" Haruna said. "Like who? A Gohan look-alike?" She had asked that question since because they were facing against someone who liked Son Goku, he might have a subordinate that looks like Gohan in order to fool everyone like Tullece did earlier.

"Not exactly," Tullece responded. "You two can come out now!" Suddenly two figures appeared behind the evil Saiyan. The two figures were of different sizes. One was large with an orange mohawk while the other one was short with long black hair. As the two figures approached, Asuna immediately recognized one of them. No way! She said to herself. It can't be! "May I introduce you to No. 17b and No. 16b. These two are my creations, thanks in due part to Chao's genius as well as Doctor Gero's brilliant mind. They are the strongest Artificial Humans the world has ever seen."

"What is that you want Tullece-sama?" asked No. 16b, the taller artificial human with an orange mohawk. "What are your orders?" Tullece began to ponder as he tried to decide who should be killed first. But as he began to ponder, he had completely forgotten about something.

"Baka me, I completely forgot to add in my part," Tullece said.

"Your part?" Negi repeated.

"Yes. It would seem unfair if you only get to have a special prize at the end of this game," Tullece said, catching everyone's attention at the way that Tullece said this life-threatening situation as a 'game' to be played. It was no game they wanted to play ever. "So how about this? If you are able to beat these two, then you can pass. However, if I win and you admit defeat, I want you to tell me the location of the Calicem Crystallinum, Negi Springfield."

"The Calicem Crystallinum?" Everyone repeated, unsure as to what that meant except for Negi who began to wonder why that word sounded so familiar to him.

"Care to explain to us what it is?" Chisame asked to the Saiyan.

"And why do you need it?" Yue added.

"I have no need to explain myself to you low-lives," Tullece said. "Let's just say that Negi Springfield should know where it is. Don't you Negi? After all, it was last seen with your father six years ago when he came to the rescue during your village attack."

Negi's eyes flung wide open once Tullece had told mentioned about that day. Only a few people knew about it and he was the one only who told them about it, except for Wilhelm since he was there. "H-How do you know about that?" asked the boy teacher.

"Let's just say that I did some investigating on you, your past and the magic society just in case," Tullece replied. "I had to learn more about this pathetic planet and why two full blooded Saiyans like Kakarotto and Vegeta would protect it so dearly and stray off from the righteous Saiyan path. As I was looking through while plotting my revenge, I came across your file. You are very interesting Negi Springfield, especially your past. How tragic. Your village attacked and everyone petrified making Daddy come to the rescue. Hahahahahaha! How pathetic!"

"So what is the point of this story?" Yue asked. "You mentioned that Negi-sensei's father was last seen with the Calicem Crystallinum. What does that have to do with anything?"

"Everything," Tullece immediately responded. "Why did you think the Thousand Master came to his aid? It wasn't in saving a village that was so weak when it was attacked. No, it was because Nagi Springfield was going to leave the Crystallinum in the care of the village elder until Negi was older. However…" Tullece paused as he looked at the boy teacher with an evil smirk on his face. "He never got the chance to do it. What a weakling!"

Negi clenched his fists in anger as Tullece continued to make fun of his village and its residents. Ku Fei and Kaede moved their eyes towards Negi, noticing the increasing spike of ki coming from the boy teacher. If they didn't do something now, Negi might go on a rampage like the last time during the battle against Wilhelm. Tullece grinned, noticing the anger that was about to surface from the boy teacher. He was enjoying greatly. "Heh, heh, heh, angry aren't you Negi? I guess I touched a sensitive subject," Tullece taunted with a grin on his face. "Don't worry; it will be all over soon. In fact, how about we cut a deal? You give me the location of the Calicem Crystallinum and I will let you go back to the past. Just that simple. What do you say Negi?"

Everyone was quiet, unsure on how to respond. Tullece was giving them a good deal, better than his 'game.' However, the way that Tullece questioned for this Calicem Crystallinum sounded very important. It sounded like something that shouldn't fall into the wrong hands. All the girls looked at Negi, wondering what decision the boy teacher was going to make. Negi's body trembled a bit until finally he looked up at the evil Saiyan with a determined look on his face. "I don't know what you are talking about," he responded. "And even if I did know the location, I wouldn't tell you!" Everyone nodded in agreement.

Tullece was furious. This boy had the nerve to say that, especially to a Saiyan! "You are making a big mistake boy," the Saiyan said. "Just tell me where your father hid the crystals and I promise I won't hurt you and your friends too badly."

"Never!" Negi retorted. The girls cheered as they all agreed on the same thing.

Tullece eyebrows frowned even more. "So be it then," he said. "A few deaths should do the trick in convincing you to not act so dumb. So how about we begin our little game then? No. 17b and No. 16b you…"

"WAIT!" Negi shouted, interrupting the evil Saiyan's command. "You said yourself you wanted to fight against Gohan-san. Don't you want to wait for him?" Everyone looked at Negi with confused looks on their faces. Why would their teacher sacrifice Gohan to these monsters? Then it hit them. Gohan would be able to defeat these monsters if he came in now. Then they would be able to get back to the past safely with everyone onboard.

Tullece began to ponder. "To be honest…no," Tullece said. "I was thinking of leaving a body of corpses for when Son Gohan arrives since he is not here to help and save his friends. That should make him regret not joining me when he had the chance. What splendid presents that would be!" Everyone flinched in fear as they noticed the look on Tullece's face. He was serious, really serious! The girls gasped at the evilness of Tullece. This guy was a monster and plus he was a Saiyan! He was almost at the same level of evil as Broli, the Legendary Super Saiyan. The group had never encountered such a person before who was downright evil. So this is what the Saiyans were truly about, Negi said to himself. Now I know why Gohan-san doesn't like much of his ancestry. This Saiyan is a monster. He is completely different than Goku-san and Vegeta-san that's for sure.

"Now," Tullece said as he looked at his two companions. "Let's get started. No. 17b and No. 16b, make them talk. I want them to suffer until Kakabrat arrives."

"Of course," No. 17b said as he started to pull up his long white sleeves and walk towards the group with Artificial Human No. 16b right behind him.

"As you wish Tullece-sama," responded the taller artificial human.

"Everyone!" Negi said. "Get ready!" Everyone nodded and got into their fighting poses.

Konoka was about to join in as well, but Setsuna and Asuna had other plans for her. "Ojou-sama," said Setsuna, "please find a safe spot for you and Nodoka-san."

"But I…" Konoka trailed as she clenched her fists in frustration. This was becoming like the battle against Hildegarn all over again. She didn't want to be left out…again.

"I agree with Setsuna-san," Asuna joined in. "Konoka, you are the healer of the group. Your position is in the rear, where you can heal us if one of us were to get wounded." Konoka was unsure on how to respond. But then she remembered Chamo's battle formation plan that he came up with at the resort. Asuna and Setsuna were right. She was no warrior. However, she knew that her role in the group was very important. She gave a nod and took the other girls that couldn't fight such as Nodoka, Yue, Haruna and Chisame to a nearby corner where they could watch the match from a safe distance.

Tullece meanwhile, took a few steps back. "This area is too cramped for me to enjoy the spectacle," Tullece said out loud. "How about we make the area bigger?" Then suddenly, Tullece shot his right arm upwards and shot a large ki ball. Negi and the group prepared themselves in defensive positions, thinking that Tullece was going to start the attack. However, the ki ball wasn't heading towards them but rather towards the roof! Everyone gasped as they watch the ki ball force a hole above them. The rays of the sun shone through the hole as the surrounding walls started to crumble a bit. Tullece grinned as his plan worked. "Perfect," he said as he took a seat on a fallen rock. "This will allow them to use the full extent of their abilities against the Artificial Humans. Plus, I wish to see the abilities of those three over there," Tullece said as he looked towards the three girls that weren't fighting at the moment. Especially the black haired one, Tullece said, looking at Konoe Konoka. According to Chao's data, she has a lot of magic power stored within her. I wish to see her abilities the most.

Just as No. 16b was walking towards the Mahora warrior girls, Negi noticed something on the walls as the branches began to lose their bright color and go back to their normal color. The magic of the World Tree was disappearing! If they didn't hurry it up soon, they were going to be stuck in this time period forever, without even having the opportunity to stop Chao and Tullece from accomplishing their plans. "Wait!" Negi screamed. "We shouldn't fight. You want to fight Gohan-san after all. Just let us pass. We need to get to the center of the World Tree in order…"

"To go back to the past," Tullece finished, surprising the boy teacher. "I know about your plan Negi Springfield. You didn't think I would come here without knowing about it and have a back-up plan. How about we raise the stakes then?" Then suddenly, Tullece snapped his fingers, causing the entire area around them to shake. Everyone feared that it was an earthquake or worse, an attack created by Tullece to kill them all. The shaking stopped which caught everyone by surprise. Nothing bad had happened that was until Negi noticed something on the roots. The magic in them had stopped completely! "See, you can rest easy now," Tullece said. "I stopped the magic of the World Tree from escaping so now we can enjoy ourselves a show."

"B-But how?" Negi asked. "How did you do that?" It was impossible for a mage, let alone a Saiyan like Tullece who had no experience in magic, to stop the magic of the World Tree from escaping.

"Simple, I used my machines to stop the magic from escaping," Tullece said.

"Machines?" Asuna asked.

"Yes. You didn't think I'd come unprepared, did you? I knew about you being placed into the future without having to actually fight against that bitch Chao, but I didn't think she would go through with it so I devised a back-up plan just in case," Tullece explained as he uncovered one of the branches to reveal a piece of machinery that was placed around the branch. It looked like a stopper to hold something in place as if it were a gate. "I had that girl Hakase and her people create a device to hold in place an escaping magic such as the magic of the World Tree for example. However…" The machine holder started to exert out some sparks as Tullece continued with his explanation, "The machine is still incomplete and won't be able to hold the magic for very long. I had no idea about the power that the magic of World Tree contained. It is fascinating. I'd say you have about two hours before it gets destroyed and your only hope to get back is gone forever."

"So that's what you mean by 'raise the stakes,'" Setsuna said. "We have only two hours before the machines break down and the magic is gone forever, thus making us have to fight in order to escape rather than simply wait for Gohan-sensei to come in and help us."

"Exactly," Tullece said with an evil grin on his face. Some of the girls noted that his grin was like the exact opposite of the Son grin that the Son family would usually display. "Now, let's begin the match. No. 17b and No. 16b, do it."

The two artificial humans both gave a nod to their master as they focused their attention on Negi and the group. No. 17b let out a small smile as he turned to his companion. "No. 16b," he said, grabbing the attention of the larger artificial human, "may I make a suggestion?"

"What is it No. 17b?" asked No. 16b.

"I wish to take on the boy teacher if you don't mind," No. 17b replied. "I wish to know why Tullece is so interested in that boy. He doesn't look much to me."

"That boy is hiding a lot of power," No. 16b responded. "He may not know it, but that ten year old boy has a lot of potential as a warrior. Tullece-sama must be thinking of converting that potential for his own uses."

"I see," No. 17b said as he took in the words spoken by the larger artificial human. He didn't have a scouter built into his body like No. 16b, so that was why he got curious. But also because he believed to be the best person to serve his master as he was constructed to be the perfect artificial human being to ever walk this planet. "But you didn't answer my question No. 16b. How about it? You can take on those girls while I get the boy." No. 16b paused for a bit, silent in his response.

A few seconds passed until he said, "You can have him, but I want to have a shot at Son Gohan."

"Son Gohan?" repeated No. 17b. The artificial human let out a smile. "Sure. You can have him." Then, once he beats you, I will show you that I am a much better artificial human than you, No. 16b, No. 17b said to himself. After all, I was constructed to be the most powerful being in the universe, underneath Tullece of course. "Now, let's get started."

No. 16b nodded. "Yes," he said. The large artificial human stomped forward so that he stood in the middle of the two groups, Tullece and No. 17b behind him and the Mahora group in front. All at once, Negi, Asuna, Setsuna, Kaede, and Ku Fei took firm fighting stances. All of them gritted their teeth and prepared for a fight.

No. 16b balled his fists and threw them back down to his sides sharply. An explosion occurred, followed by an incredible rush of wind that sent dust hurling everywhere. Asuna, Setsuna, Kaede and Ku Fei were nearly blown away by the force displayed before them. Negi however was surprised…inwardly shocked that even though the artificial human was definitely raising his ki level, he could not sense it! Why!

Taking each and every fighter into account, No. 16b began to calculate his next option. "Now let's see… who should I take down first?" No. 16b asked himself, looking over the five fighters already up on the plate. A nervous sweat began to appear on everyone's faces.

At the corner, Haruna was clenching her fist in frustration. "Dammit!" she said. "I should get in there as well."

"No wait!" said someone as this person grabbed Haruna's arm before she went onto the battlefield. It was Chisame.

"Chisame-chan?" Haruna questioned, surprised that Chisame did something like that.

"Think about this for a second here," Chisame said. "The group over there seems to have been fighting for a while now. However, you just got your artifact and have practiced for only a few hours. In this kind of battle, experience matters more than ability."

"But I…"

"Chiucchi is right," Chamo said as he spoke from Konoka's head. "I know you want to help Aniki and the others but right now, we must put our faith that they will survive until Gohan-nii comes in." Haruna bent her head downwards, disappointed that she wasn't going to do anything to help her friends. She clapped her hands together in a prayer. Gohan-kun, she prayed to herself. Please come here quickly!



* * *



Meanwhile…

Gohan and Kinto Un flew through the skies at lightning speeds. Gohan gritted his teeth, worried about Negi and the others as he noticed their ki levels rising. The demi-saiyan wondered who or what the group was facing against. Could it be that they were facing against that mysterious ki that he felt earlier? No, it couldn't be. The mysterious ki level hasn't risen at any time. So what the hell was going on there? The demi-saiyan began to worry. He needed to hurry up! "Faster Kinto Un!" Gohan screamed as Kinto Un responded by coursing through the sky at a faster speed.



* * *



Back with Negi and the others…

Negi and the others stayed in their fighting positions, wondering what No. 16 was going to do. Then, without warning there was a second explosion, followed by a loud whoosh of rushing wind. In that moment, No. 16b took to the skies. Coming to fly five stories above the hole that Tullece made on the roof, he pulled back his right hand and threw it forward, unleashing a powerful energy blast at the troops standing below him. Reacting quickly, the group of five, split! Flying in all different directions, they went their separate ways before regrouping and charging down their opponent from all sides.

No. 16 remained emotionless as he landed on the ground above the hole while the five fighters went at him. He was ready. Negi attacked first, sending punches and kicks his way. No. 16b avoided the first ones before moving into the defensive parrying mode. He blocked the next blows to come and quickly knocked the boy teacher away towards No. 17b. As soon as Negi was sent flying, Kaede and Ku Fei attacked. They attacked No. 16b relentlessly, but were unable to land any blows. They were closely followed by Asuna who had drawn out her artifact, the three way attack forcing No. 16b back even more, and also making him increase strength and speed of his defenses. He was now using his full concentration and strength.

Unable to take the pressure of the three fighters tackling him, No. 16b leapt back and crossed his arms over his face, bringing his knees to his chest. With a quick energy gather, he threw all limbs out, a golden energy shield appearing around him. The quick blast knocked Asuna, Kaede and Ku Fei back, who were about to attack again. As soon as they were off, No. 16b shot forward, intent on attacking in kind. However, he was met full on when Setsuna suddenly appeared out of nowhere. Striking No. 16b across the face while he was in mid-flight, she sent No. 16b falling. But the artificial human recovered quickly and pulled up, retreating as Setsuna gave chase. The swordswoman honed in upon reaching No. 16b when she once again made a stand. No. 16b responded to this and attacked, only to have the faster fighter avoid all his blows.

Brawling above the cave, the Mahora battled on as Negi watched from inside. "Everyone!" he cried but before he could do anything, the boy teacher felt a punch across the face. The poor boy was sent flying and crashing into the wall. The girls that were in the corner gasped at the sight but immediately they were relieved when Negi got out of the pile safely and with minimum energy. "What was that?"

"That my friend was my fist," spoke the voice. It was No. 17b! "As I told my friend earlier, I want to fight against you, Negi Springfield."

"Why?" Negi asked. He didn't have time for this. He needed to help his students right now.

"Well because, I am curious as to what all the fuss is about, especially on you," commented No. 17b. "Tullece has great interest in you. Why is that? You couldn't do any harm to him even if you tried."

"So, what is your point?" Negi retorted.

"My point is, Negi Springfield, is that I wish to ascertain what Tullece said to be true," No. 17b responded. "I wish to see why Negi Springfield is so special." Negi clenched his fists in frustration. He immediately looked up to see the battle that was going on. Overall, the girls were giving No. 16b a run for his money at the moment. Unfortunately, not all the heroes' continued fighting without suffering their own injuries. Setsuna got hammered five times, since she had been going at No.16b more than the others. Kaede was second, followed by Ku Fei and Asuna.

Negi then looked at No. 17b with a curious look on his face. "How come you aren't helping your friend?" Negi asked, referring to No. 16b who had just smacked Ku Fei away with a straight kick to her stomach. Setsuna and Kaede shot at him a split second later, engaging him in a fiercer battle. With No. 16b being pressed back, Asuna appeared behind him and sent a slash straight into No. 16b's back. This knocked the giant artificial human falling, quickly pursued by Kaede.

No. 17b chuckled. "Well, it wouldn't be fair now would it? After all, all you warriors like to follow the bushido code don't you? Anyways, you should be more worried about me than about them right now since I am your opponent," No.17b stated. "Now, take off your weighted clothing and take your stance." No. 17b unfolded his arms, dropping back into his own fighting position. Negi was unsure what to do. Should he help his friends or fight against No. 17b? At the moment, it looked like No. 17b wasn't giving the boy teacher much of a choice other than to fight him. Negi exhaled a breath as he started to take off his weighted clothing and then, dropped into his own preferred stance, chanting his Cantus Bellax spell. Now he was ready.

The wind whipped through them like in a Western standoff. Both combatants shifted their hands, their fingers edging. They were both eager to get this fight on the road. But as the time ticked by, it seemed as if it would never come. One would eventually have to break this staring contest. Then it happened as Negi pushed forward towards No. 17b. Collecting magic in his arm, Negi sent his attack. "FUKA HOKEN!" However, the attack wasn't heading for the artificial human but rather, the ground! The result was a dust explosion, causing No. 17b to cover his eyes from the dust.

Before he could gather up his senses, No. 17b was attacked from behind. Negi rammed his knee straight into the back of the artificial human's neck, sending him flying. No. 17b yelled in shock, spinning out of control as he flew. Negi watched as the artificial human headed towards the wall.

Flipping back into submission, No. 17b tucked himself up and spun, before extending himself and taking his fall into control. He shot straight again, heading for Negi. The boy teacher was ready. With no more need for diversionary tactics, the child flew at No. 17b, picking up speed and using the momentum he had gained as an advantage. Then, with an enormous burst of power, the two fighters clashed, fists first. With the collision of both punches, the two of them shot off into super speed, disappearing with the wind.

The sky and landscape was soon filled with the explosions and shock waves of two super beings shooting left and right, their attacks making contact with one another simultaneously. First they'd fly off to gain distance and speed before flying back at their opponent and sending a single, combined attack at them. With every attack made and every parry initiated, the resulting effect was a shock wave. It shook the skies a little. But then, when it died, a second bang would occur. Both fighters were moving really fast, eyes unable to track them. They passed right through No. 16b's fight with the Mahora girls, surprising them. But that was only for a second.

Tullece grinned. "Impressive," the Saiyan said. "But only. You all will soon find out that these artificial humans have much more power than you realize. They are only just getting warmed up." Still, I am impressed that Negi is able to match No. 17b at that level, Tullece said to himself as he began to look at Negi's fight more intensely. Was it because of Kakabrat's training that the boy has been able to reach this far or something else? As Tullece watched Negi's fight, the other clash between No. 16b and the Mahora girls was still going on strong, and as it carried on, things started to get fiercer.

Ku Fei roared, shooting straight at No. 16b and unleashing a powerful combination of punches. No. 16b was surprised at the incredible speed and strength of the energy fist combination, forcing him to duck the first few blows. But when the final punch came, it struck him in the chest, when he assumed it would be nothing. It wasn't, as the palm strike cracked and smashed a hole in his armor and thumped against his chest. No. 16b staggered through the air, winded.

No. 16b looked up, intrigued that a girl like Ku Fei could do damage like that. Had she done more training, she could have done much worse to his body. With a quick hand combination and energy manipulation, he held out his right palm and unleashed a powerful energy ball. The attack shot at Ku Fei like a bullet, but was not to hit its target as the fighter was able to avoid it. After feeling the hot winds graze her, Ku Fei decided to keep her distance for the time.

Setsuna appeared above No. 16b, out of reach but still in effective range. Collecting ki in her sword, Setsuna unleashed her attack. "Shinmei-ryuu Secret Technique: ZANGANKEN!" The attack struck No. 16b in the shoulder, breaking a bit the vest that the artificial human was wearing and burning his skin on impact. Most of the blast's force was deflected due to the skin's endurance. No. 16b yelped all the same.

The artificial human immediately looked up at Setsuna, not at all happy by the surprise attack. He put out one of his arms, pointing at the swordswoman. Suddenly, No. 16b unleashed his arm as if it were a rocket! This attack was on route to striking Setsuna in the chest. The swordswoman prepared herself in a defensive position. However, Asuna rushed in to move her out of the way of the attack. "Setsuna-san!" yelled Asuna as she stood in front of the approaching attack. Setsuna's eyes widened. What the hell was Asuna doing? She tried to move Asuna, but it was too late as the rocket punch was fast approaching.

But just as it seemed that Asuna would get hit, a blue energy ball shot out of nowhere, knocking the rocket punch out of the way and back to No. 16b. Setsuna and Asuna were surprised when they saw Kaede and Ku Fei appear out of nowhere, coming to stand at their defense. Bruised and battered, Kaede both held out her hand at No. 16b and powered up an energy attack. With a burst of light, a golden blast shot out and straight at her target. Unable to move fast enough to avoid it, No. 16b crossed his arms over his face and blocked it. The blast struck, exploding with incredible force, but only burning No. 16b's skin slightly. He wasn't harmed in the least.

When the smoke started to lift, No. 16b lowered his defense, glaring up through the smoke at the two offenders. But before he could act, he sensed something else come out from beneath and looked to his right. He suddenly saw a blue, sparkling sword within the smoke. "Shinmei-ryuu Secret Technique: RAIMEIKEN!" The attack slashed through the smoke, shooting at him at an incredible speed. No. 16b was shocked, but was quick to move out of the way. He barely avoided it as it passed him.

Setsuna happened to be the cause of this attack. She prepared another attack as she said, "Shinmei-ryuu Secret Technique: SHIN RAIKOKEN!" Setsuna's attack flew at great speed and incredible power. No. 16b didn't dodge as he took the attack head on! The result was devastating explosion that took over the entire area. The Mahora girls all covered themselves from the dust flying in. Setsuna hoped that blast would finish the artificial human, but that didn't happen.

Just as the resulting smoke surrounding No. 16b's fried floating corpse began to lift, there was a tremendous output of energy. Setsuna gasped, eyes widening. No. 16b was alive, and had come back with a surprise attack as he tackled the swordswoman into the ground. The artificial human then took up to the skies. He then crossed his arms or so did everyone thought as he had removed the halves of each of his arms, tucking them beneath his armpits and revealing cannons within the remaining limbs of his arms. "HELL FLASH!" yelled No. 16 as the cannons charged up and unleashed hundreds of smalls beams at Setsuna. The swordswoman stood motionless as the attack came on. A loud explosion occurred!

"Se-chan!" Konoka cried out, worried about her childhood friend's safety. She was about to rush over there to see if she could do something but was stopped when Haruna and Chisame both held her down. She tried to break free but stopped when she looked at the explosion. Her eyes widened in shock.

When the explosion died, there was nothing left of Setsuna. All there was a large, smoking crater. Everyone out on the battle field was shocked. Looking back towards No. 16b, who had recently landed on the ground softly and put his arms back together.

"One down," said No. 16b. Konoka cried out loud, shocked that her friend was dead! Asuna, meanwhile, growled and let out a yell of rage.

"NOOOOOO! I'll get you for that!" Asuna shouted.

Just as Asuna was about to rush him, they heard another shout come out of the blue, catching all of them off guard by the familiarity. "Shinmei-ryuu Secret Technique: ZANKUSEN!" Seconds later, a beam coiled by a second one hurled past Asuna's ear and straight down at No. 16b. The giant artificial human looked up, seeing the narrow attack flying straight at him.

When he saw its speed and calculated its strength in his head, the fighter avoided it. It barely scrapped past him, burning into his armor before No. 16b was fully out. The beam flew off into the distance, striking a nearby building and exploded. Everyone looked back to see that it was Setsuna who had unleashed that attack. "SETSUNA-SAN!" cried everyone.

Konoka fell to her knees in tears, happy to see her friend was okay. "Se-chan…"

Setsuna panted heavily as she leaned on her sword. That was close, Setsuna said to herself. If it wasn't for the match earlier with Gohan-sensei and the bit of training that I did at the villa, I would have definitely not have survived that attack.

"Setsuna-san, are you okay?" Asuna asked as she came to the aid of her friend.

"Y-Yeah," Setsuna panted. "Just give a few seconds to catch my breath."

"I don't think we have the luxury to do that," Asuna responded as the two of them looked at the artificial human. No. 16b was quite surprised and impressed that the swordswoman was able to survive that attack. Granted, he didn't put much energy into it; for if he did, he would have destroyed the area entirely. It didn't matter. Soon they will be put out of commission, the artificial human thought to himself.

Back where Setsuna's attack struck, the remains of the building structure collapsed to the ground, a dust cloud rising into the air. It was from that dust cloud did two more fighters emerge, both of them locked in heated combat.

No. 17b shot out of the cloud, yelling from being struck by his opponent. Negi followed through, bursting out of the cloud a split second later. As soon as the boy teacher was out in the open, he looked towards the area where No. 16b and the girls were now fighting.

"Setsuna-san," Negi whispered loudly as he had noticed the drop in Setsuna's ki level.

"Big mistake!" No. 17b shouted.

Looking up, Negi saw a fist appear out of thin air. The attack collided with his cheek, a shock wave resounding and echoing loudly. From the blow, Negi was sent plummeting at an extraordinary rate, back into the cloud of dust created by the fall of the recently destroyed building. The expression he had was of shock, added up by the bruise he had. He disappeared in a puff of smoke. But his fall wasn't to go alone as a barrage of golden energy blasts followed him, punching holes into the clouds and chasing the fallen one. Simultaneous explosions were heard, rupturing the skies and earth. The rain of blasts ended three seconds later, with a total of fifteen released.

Retracting his right hand, No. 17b sniggered and crossed his arms. The artificial human, slightly bruised up with his bandana and pants at his knees more ripped than before, landed. No. 17b chuckled.

"You shouldn't have dropped your guard Negi Springfield…"

Well, he was sure hell right about that, but Negi wasn't at all fussed. A distraction was a distraction, and Negi was about to pull off another one. When the dust cloud was still at its thickest, the boy teacher attacked as he chanted the magic words, "RASTEL MASKIL MAGISTER! VENIANT SPIRITUS AERIALES FULGURIENTES! CUM FULGURATIONI FLET TEMPESTAS AUSTRINA! JOVIS TEMPESTAS FULGURIENS!" There was a high rush of wind that tore through the skies like a hurricane, a magic blast, infused with wind and thunder, fired straight at No. 17b. The artificial human sensed the approach of the attack. Shocked, he made a decisive leapt straight up into the air, barely avoiding the blast. There was an earth shaking explosion as the rocky point on which he once stood burst into rubble, rocks and boulders.

Unable to recover from his shock, No. 17b was too slow to react when Negi shot straight out of the dust cloud and straight at him. Fist cranked back, Negi sent his magic energy coursing into it and glared hard, knowing his opponent would be in reach within seconds. Just as No. 17b was looking up and locking onto him, Negi threw a straight, powered up punch straight into No. 17b's stomach. "OKA HOKEN!" The impact was incredible, making No. 17b cough up some blood from the blow. But that didn't stop Negi. As he drove in on his punch, Negi unleashed a series of fifteen magic arrows that he had been saving up. "SAGITTA MAGICA QUINDECIM!" The fifteen magic arrows pushed No. 17b through the skies at an incredibly fast rate before exploding. No. 17b was sent flying even faster, his momentum losing its rate and his lack of sense sending him plummeting. Negi followed as he called upon his staff.

Spotting the boy teacher diving after him with his staff, No. 17b growled and spun through the air. Leveling out, he threw back his right hand before sending it forward, unleashing a powerful ki blast directly at the boy teacher. Negi gasped and pulled up sharply. Shooting back as fast as he could, he shifted to the left, pivoting out of the way. Unfortunately it wasn't enough and the blast graved his right shoulder, tearing and ripping his outfit away, as well as burning his arm.

Staggering back through the air, Negi looked down at his shoulder and checked the wound as he landed on the ground. The shoulder was stinging with pain, but that wasn't going to stop Negi as he looked back at No. 17b and took a stance. No. 17b clenched his fists in anger, surprised to see Negi survive after that attack! He took off at Negi once again. Now he wasn't going to play games anymore. Tullece immediately recognized the face, causing the Saiyan to let out a grin. The real battle between Negi and No. 17b was about to begin.

At the same time, No. 16b was doing fairly well against the Mahora girls. With his body battered and bruised as bad as the fighters he was taking on, and his clothes damaged, the giant artificial humans charged his opponents down. Seeing as that Setsuna couldn't hold on for much longer, the girls had found themselves pressed hard against the ropes.

Setsuna and Kaede were zapping in and out of focus, traveling at speeds that normal humans couldn't even see while Asuna and Ku Fei protected the rear. At the same time, No. 16b was following them through the moves, clashing fists and trying to knock each one of them out of the fight.

Out of all the Mahora Girls left to fight No. 16b now, Setsuna was getting pummeled. Stretched to her limits after taking on No. 16b's earlier attack, she was on the verge of collapsing. As a result, Konoka came from her hiding spot to help heal some of Setsuna's wounds. Asuna and Ku Fei were given the task of protecting their healing friend, defending her as best they could. This made fighting No. 16b all the more difficult. Kaede was hard pressed enough as she fought against the artificial human.

"We can't keep holding out like this-aru," mentioned Ku Fei.

"I know, but we have to wait until Konoka heals Setsuna-san," Asuna responded. She turned her head back momentarily to see how it was going. The sight wasn't that great as Konoka was a bit of trouble in healing most of Setsuna's wounds. "How is it going Konoka?"

Konoka shook her head. "I don't know Asuna," the girl replied. "I wish Eva-chan taught me more spells to heal wounds quicker."

Suddenly, Konoka felt a pat on her shoulder. She looked down to see that it was Setsuna that was doing it. "It's okay Ojou-sama," said the swordswoman as she got up but with a bit of difficulty. "You have healed me enough. Now please go to a safe place. You are in danger if you stay here."

"But Se-chan…"

"Konoka go!" Asuna shouted. "Kaede-san can't hold out against that guy for much longer! She needs our help!" Konoka was unsure on what to do. Setsuna needed to be healed some more, but as she looked at the brawl between Kaede and No. 16b, Konoka knew that Asuna was right. She stopped the healing spell and went back to the same corner as Nodoka, Yue, Haruna and Chisame were at. She momentarily looked back at the brawl, worried about her friends' safety. Please be safe, Konoka said to herself.

Tullece, meanwhile, saw the whole thing of Konoka healing Setsuna. "So she does have a special ability," said the Saiyan. "However, her power is not being used to its full potential. This could work to my advantage. I was worried a bit there that she could immediately heal wounds. If that were the case, I would have killed her right on the spot. Lucky for her; however, for right now, I'll enjoy the show."

Meanwhile, at the corner, Haruna clenched her fists in frustration. "Damn it, I feel so helpless!" she cried. "They need me out there."

"You can't go Haruna," Nodoka said, catching Haruna and Yue by surprise. "I know that you really want to go but you would get in the way. Negi-sensei and the others have fought before. We don't have much experience in actual combat."

"Nodoka is right," Yue continued. "As much I hate to say it, but we would only get in the way. Our only hope is to have Negi-sensei and the others beat those guys or at least survive till Gohan-sensei gets here."

"Is Gohan-kun really that strong?" Haruna asked. "I mean no offense to Gohan-kun, but I don't think he would be a match against those two." Chisame turned her head in curiosity as well. Why were they going to pin their hopes on Gohan when even Negi was having trouble against No. 17b? It sounded too absurd.

Yue let out a smile as she and Nodoka looked at each other, thinking on the same thing. "Gohan-sensei is very strong," Yue said.

"Very strong," added Nodoka. Haruna and Chisame were unsure if they should believe Yue and Nodoka's statement. Haruna would slightly believe them because they were best friends but Chisame wasn't sure. How strong could Gohan really be? Could he really beat these guys? That was becoming more and more unlikely as they continued to watch.

Meanwhile, emerging from super speed, Kaede sent her combinations No. 16b's way. The tall artificial human dodged and avoided all of the attacks, ducking a powerful, swift kick, which barely missed him. No. 16b's facial expression didn't change nor was he losing stamina as he was blocking another barrage of punches with cross defenses and parries. Kaede gritted her teeth and fell back. Boy he was tough, but was a hell of a good fighter. Kaede then did a sign. "KAGE NO BUSHIN!"

Four clones appeared, catching the giant artificial human a bit by surprise. The four Kaede clones let out a small smile as they proceeded with their next attack. All four of them poured ki into their palms and slammed No. 16b's body with it and then sped past his body which flew out of the smoke. At the same time, she made a cross. "KAEDE NINPOU FOUR BODY CLONE HAZY CROSS!" A cross appeared on the giant artificial human's body and an explosion occurred, sending No. 16b flying. No. 16b easily corrected himself in mid-air but suddenly found himself surrounded by the clones. The clones then sent out various combinations of kicks and punches at the giant artificial human. No. 16b blocked accordingly and easily, even with the higher number of combatants. Red markings began to appear on the artificial human's eye, indicating which one was the real one.

After avoiding several more punches, No. 16b leapt up higher and kneed the real Kaede under the chin. This caused the clones to disappear. The Mahora ninja was shocked from the blow, her head and body dipping backwards. Just as she did so, No. 16b threw a straight kick right into her chest, sending Kaede shooting straight towards the earth at a phenomenal rate. The Mahora ninja yelled, her voice echoing as she plummeted. Moments later, she crashed into the floor far below, forming a large crater in her wake. The creation of the crater sent dust into the air, clouding all view of her condition.

With Kaede out of the way, No. 16b turned on Asuna and the others. He saw Asuna and Ku Fei standing side by side, backing away with nervous looks on their faces. New data was being inputted as more red lights began to appear on his eye. "Understood," No. 16b muttered. Suddenly, there was a rush of wind. No. 16b rushed forward, on strike to take on both Asuna and Ku Fei. Before the pair could react, they were clobbered. No. 16b easily hooked Asuna across the face, after that, the attacker kneed Ku Fei in the stomach. With both crippled and unable to do nothing, No. 16b side kicked Asuna away and then elbowed Ku Fei across the face. The Chinese martial artist was completely winded as she didn't expect the new force behind the giant artificial human's punches. She landed on all fours, panting heavily and trying not to pass out due to the pain. However, it was too much for the Chinese martial artist as she landed on the ground with a thud, struggling to stay awake.

"Ku Fei!" shouted Asuna as she tried to get up but was having a hard time as well. Kuso, she said to herself. When the hell did that big guy get stronger? I didn't feel or sense anything that would have indicated so. She turned her head to see Ku Fei struggling, wincing with extreme pain as she finally passed out. Asuna's eyes widened! This was not good! Suddenly, a figure appeared right in front of her. It was Setsuna, her sword in front of her. "S-Setsuna-san…"

Setsuna prepared her blade. She took a balanced stance and threw her sword forward. With a yell, she unleashed a powerful blast of energy that shot straight at No. 16b with unyielding force and speed. Not even the unstoppable No. 16b could avoid it."Shinmei-ryuu Secret Technique: KYOKUDAI RAIMEIKEN!" Setsuna roared. There was a sharp bang followed by the running of a powerful torrent of energy. Seconds later, there was a second, colossal explosion that consumed No. 16b whole, the Artificial Human crossing his arms over his face to defend himself. It didn't do much for the rest of his body as his clothes were almost completely torn away. He was burnt severely, and was believed to meet his end here. But when the blast and explosion died, and the smoke lifted, it was revealed that Setsuna's attack didn't do much at all!

Asuna couldn't believe it. "I-Impossible," she muttered in shock. Setsuna had just unleashed a devastating attack! How could the Artificial Human come out of it unharmed?

Setsuna blanked out, staggering forward as she began to fall in unconsciousness. "D-Damn…it!" she breathed, falling flat onto her stomach. No. 16b didn't show any expression of satisfaction as he watched the wasted up swordswoman collapse. Asuna looked around as she gazed upon Ku Fei's position. She was still breathing but unconscious. Asuna clenched her fist in anger. Everyone was falling into pieces! Their efforts wasted and for what! Nothing! No. 16b was still alive!

"GOHAN! PLEASE COME QUICKLY!" Asuna screamed into the skies, terrified out of her mind.

Kaede scowled up at the Artificial Human as she got out of the crater, badly damaged, teeth gritted and fists clenched tightly. Darn…I never knew he could be such a monster. I don't think we'll be able to beat him without help de-gozaru! Kaede thought. There was a distant explosion and a shock wave, drawing Kaede's attention. Even Negi-dono is having trouble! I don't even think that Gohan-kun will be able to do much either! These guys are just too strong!

The two of them flashed out of super speed and locked in intense combat, floating hundreds of meters above the ground. They lashed out at each other viciously; Negi's shouts and grunts sounding while No. 17b merely grunted with every attack he threw. The attacks sometimes came in contact with their opponent, but sometimes met up with a well-placed defense. They were both solid and were proving to be the strongest here. Negi however was hard pressed into this and was becoming more and more stressed. He could tell by a fighter's sign whether he was trying or not. And No. 17b, by the serious, un-intense look he had, told him that he was still warming up. The artificial human avoided his next flurry of kicks and punches with ease before coming back with a full frontal assault, forcing Negi back whereas his attacks didn't.

Blocking a kick, Negi powered up a blast in his right hand and sent it directly at No. 17b at point blank range. "BYAKURAISHO!" No. 17b kicked the blast upwards and flipped over, coming in with a straight punch and two hooks. He struck with all three blows across Negi's face, staggering him back. When the artificial human's combination ended, the boy teacher attacked. He hooked at No. 17b, hammering him hard.

Jumping back again, No. 17b rubbed his head and growled, looking at Negi. He saw the boy teacher dropped in a fighting stance, glaring No. 17b. The artificial human grinned. "Well…you fight good…but not that good!" he shouted. With a quick power up, No. 17b threw both his hands forward and fired off a powerful ball of blue energy. The attack soared at Negi at an amazing speed, striking the poor boy teacher and sending him flying into the ground. No. 17b let out a smile as he watched Negi get out of the rubble. "You must getting tired Negi Springfield," No. 17b said as he noticed the panting coming from the boy teacher. "You may have not noticed this but we are artificial humans."

"So?" Negi questioned. "What does being an artificial human have to do with anything?" Then it hit the boy teacher like lightning. He noticed that No. 17b was not at all worn down like he was. Even if Negi wasn't at the same power level as No. 17b, he would at least cause the artificial human's stamina to go down or something. Make the artificial human weaker than he was before. But that wasn't the case as he realized that No. 17b's stamina hadn't gone done at all. It was as if he wasn't losing any energy at all!

No. 17b grinned as he saw Negi reach upon the realization that this match was soon to be over. "You get it now don't you, Negi Springfield," he said. "No. 16b and I aren't made of flesh like you humans. I wonder how long your stamina will hold out, because it seems that you are close to running empty. As for me and No. 16b, our energy never fades." Negi's eyes widened in shock at this sudden revelation. His energy never fades? No wonder he was having difficulty. While he was losing power, No. 17b remained the same! Dammit, Negi said to himself as he clenched his fists in frustration at his inability to win this match. All he could now was hope that Gohan would come to his rescue. But at the same time, the boy wondered if Gohan could even defeat these two, especially when these two artificial humans didn't lose any stamina.

Negi then took a side glance at the girls to see how they were doing and frankly, they weren't doing so well right now. Their two best fighters, Ku Fei and Setsuna were out of commission. Kaede began to ponder the probabilities of winning which weren't very high. While Asuna was good as a fighter, she wasn't as skilled and experienced like Setsuna and Ku Fei were. Kaede clenched her fist in frustration. They needed to survive right now if they were to change history back to normal and stop Chao and Tullece! No. 16b dashed forward, ready to knock out the remaining two warriors. Asuna had a gigantic fist slammed across her face, sending her soaring off in some direction before she was able to stop herself. With Asuna's lack of interference, No. 16b was able to concentrate on the bruised and battered Kaede. The Mahora ninja flew in, avoiding another one of the big artificial human's punches and sending an upper elbow straight into No. 16b's chin. The giant artificial human staggered back. As soon as he regained his composure, No. 16b took a glance at Kaede. Red markings appeared on his eye, indicating that Kaede was close to passing out. He was going to end this now. He dashed toward Kaede, first kicking her up in the air. Then, up in the sky, he met with Kaede and delivered a hook punch, an uppercut, and finally a powerful kick that sent Kaede crashing down to the ground.

"Kaede-san!" Negi cried as he tried to rush over there, but No. 17b blocked his way.

No. 17b waggled his index finger in front of the boy teacher, indicating no, no, no. "Tsk, tsk, Negi Springfield," said the artificial human. "Remember, your fight is with me."

Kaede got herself out of the crater but only barely as she was completely exhausted. She was down to her last straws of strength. She hoped that No. 16b would pay no attention to her, only to find that No. 16b was upon her. Throwing his fist back, No. 16b let out a warrior like roar before sending his fist forward. He struck out at Kaede, but didn't get all the way when he was suddenly struck in the back of the head by a foot coming out of nowhere. The attack staggered No. 16b forward, allowing Kaede to move around him. The surprise attack came from Asuna, the orange haired fighter having finally recovered from her recent assault and gang up. Like Kaede, she was exhausted.

"Man, I don't think I'll be able to keep this up much longer," Asuna panted. Kaede gulped in saliva, glaring down at No. 16b and watching him wheel around.

"I know what you mean Asuna-dono de-gozaru," Kaede responded. "We have to make do with what we have. We have to beat him, even if it costs our lives!" Asuna nodded in agreement. If they couldn't beat these guys, then all of their efforts to get Negi out of prison and go back to the past will all be for nothing.

No. 16b looked at the two warriors and said, "It is over. You can't win. Give up."

"Never!" cried the two warriors as they prepared themselves for the worst. The girls around the corner could do nothing but watch in horror as their hopes in returning back home were soon evaporating like air. Tullece grinned at the whole spectacle, enjoying the misery that was being displayed in front of him.

Negi, meanwhile, didn't like this one bit. Negi clenched his fists in frustration at his inability to do anything. "Kuso," he muttered. He needed to do something and fast. There was only one option. The spell is a bit incomplete, Negi said to himself. And I would rather avoid using it. But it is better than nothing! Negi then began to collect a large amount of magic power within him, getting surprised looks from No. 17b and Tullece. "RASTEL MASKIL MAGISTER! To sumbolaion diakonêtô moi, basileu Ouraniônôn. Epigenêthêto, aithalous keraune os Titênas phtheirein! Êkatontakis kai kiliakis astrapsatô! Kilipl Astrapê!" Negi then pointed his staff at No. 17b, unleashing the devastating Thousand Thunderbolts attack upon the artificial human.

No. 17b widened his eyes. "W-What!" The attack was fast approaching! He needed to do something. Conjuring up all the ki in his body, the artificial human focused it on his arm. He then did a slash movement upon hitting the magic attack. The attack and the arm clashed for a few seconds before the Thousand Thunderbolts attack was dispelled and into the air. The attack dispersed in the air, creating an array of shooting stars that shone across the sky. "Whew," No. 17b sighed. "That was a close one."

Negi's body trembled once he saw that his powerful magic attack was no match for the artificial human. "I-Impossible," he muttered, unable to believe that his father favorite magic spell was no match for the artificial human.

Tullece, meanwhile, looked at the boy with interest. That attack had some potency behind it, the evil Saiyan said to himself. It seems that the spell was incomplete. If this boy were to train and practice using it, it would be hard to stop that attack. And if he were to combine his physical energy with his magic energy, that attack would be unstoppable. Luckily, that won't happen as it seems No. 17b is going to finish him off right now. And sure enough, the artificial human was going just that.

"Well, Negi Springfield, it has been a lot of fun but I think it is time we end this little game," No. 17b said as he stood in front of the boy teacher. A blue ki orb appeared in his right hand. Everyone could feel the amount of power that the ball was emitting. If Negi didn't dodge this attack, he would get seriously hurt or worse, die! "Try and survive this, Negi Springfield."

"Negi-sensei, get out of the way! Run away!" screamed Yue and Nodoka in worry, but they noticed that Negi wasn't moving or rather he couldn't move at all! Negi panted heavily as he had no more strength left to even run away. That last magic attack took everything out of him. Negi was a sitting duck.

Asuna and Kaede noticed that Negi wasn't moving either. They tried to get over there as quickly as possible but they were at the point of exhaustion. Their bodies were not moving at all. Plus, No. 16b was blocking the way! This was not happening! "NEGI!" screamed Asuna as she tried to rush over, only to receive a gut punch from No. 16b, causing her to spit out some bile.

Negi panted and gave a glance at everyone. "I-I'm sorry everyone," he said with a smile, knowing that the end for him was near. "I know that I promised that we would go to the past together, but I don't think I can fulfill that promise. I'm sorry everyone. I just don't have any strength left, even for running away. It's over for me."

"It is indeed over, Negi Springfield," No. 17b said as he continued to power up his Power Blitz attack. "It has been fun. Hopefully you will get to see your friends when you all go to the next world. Now say goodbye!" No. 17b then lifted his hand and pointed the ki sphere straight at the boy teacher. Then the ki sphere was launched and heading straight for Negi. The ground opened up due to the potency of the attack. Negi watched as the attack approach him, unable to do anything.

The ki sphere hit its target, causing a huge explosion. Everyone covered themselves from the dust winds emanating from that spot. Once the wind died down, everyone opened their eyes to see something shocking! Negi was completely gone! There was no trace of him! All that remained was a crater and burning spot on the ground. The girls trembled in fear. Their teacher was dead! Nodoka let out a loud cry of anguish. Haruna came to her aid and patted on the poor girl on her head as tears were coming out of her eyes as well. Yue stood frozen, tears coming out of her eyes. Konoka and Chisame couldn't believe it. Konoka's body jolted and fell to the floor, unable to believe that Negi was dead. Asuna and Kaede were shocked as well. Tears were pouring from Asuna's eyes. "NEGI!" she cried as she broke down in tears.

"Hmph," Tullece sounded as he stood up, disappointed in the result. "I expected more from him, but I guess overestimated his abilities. He was a weakling after all. I guess that should come from being a human. Well done No. 17b." No. 17b bowed in appreciation.

Asuna grabbed her blade in anger and pointed it at the evil Saiyan as she struggled to get up. "Damn you!" Asuna shouted in anger. "I will get you for that! You will pay!"

Tullece grinned evilly. "Oh yeah and how are you going to beat me?" Tullece questioned. "You can't even move at the moment, plus you don't have the power to even challenge me."

"I won't know unless I try!" Asuna cried but was stopped when No. 16b came in and gave the poor girl a devastating punch. Asuna had forgotten about the other artificial human. This was not turning out good at all! But suddenly, at the corner of her eye, Asuna noticed something strange as well as heard a strange noise. And she wasn't the only one. Some of the girls, No. 17b and No. 16b had noticed it as well. It was a yellow cloud that was floating in mid-air. Chisame shrieked a bit, seeing something strange again. However, her fears were soon evaporated when she and everyone noticed a figure on top of the cloud. Everyone's eyes widened in shock. It was a small boy wearing glasses and had red hair. It was Negi Springfield!

"NEGI/-KUN/-SENSEI!" cried out all the girls, tears of joy flowing down from their eyes. Negi was okay! Chisame wondered what the hell that cloud was. Was it a form of transportation or something?

The boy teacher immediately got up, almost thinking that he had died. But once he felt the softness of the thing that he laid upon, he realized that he wasn't dead but rather on a yellow cloud! "K-Kinto Un?" Negi muttered as he stood up. Then Negi's eyes widened upon the realization that if the yellow cloud was here, then that means that…

Tullece, No. 17b and No. 16b were very surprised to say the least. The fact that Negi was able to get out of the range of that blast and so quickly was incredible and surprising. Tullece began to ponder on how a yellow cloud like that came to be, especially coming to the rescue of the boy teacher. Then it hit him as his not used so often senses pick up something. He immediately looked up when he noticed that Negi was also looking up. His eyes widened a bit and a small evil grin appeared on his face.

The girls watched Tullece's expression change. When they noticed that the evil Saiyan looked up, they looked up as well. What they say surprised them. Up in the sky floated a figure dressed in a martial arts dogi. The dogi consisted of a red shirt with red pants, with a blue undershirt vest underneath the red shirt. A blue sash was around the waist, holding up the red pants. This figure had black spikey hair with some bangs in front of his forehead. This said figure then landed on the ground softly, feet spread out. Everyone's eyes began to well up tears of joy as they had recognized who it was that appeared before them.

Son Gohan had arrived.



* * *



Author's note: Yay! Gohan has arrived! I did that on purpose. Every shonen manga story I have read, the hero also shows up at the last minute to save the day. This was very prominent in early DBZ and I wanted to kind of bring it back as well. Anyways, I hope you guys enjoyed the chapter, especially having Negi and the Mahora Girls fight against the two Artificial Humans. I did this because someone, a long time, asked me if Negi and the others were going to have a fight of their lives. And so, here you go. Hope you all enjoyed it as much as I did.

Glossary (especially on this word since I am going to be using it a lot):

Shinseiju - It is the tree that almost sucked out all life on Earth many years ago. It is known as the Tree of Might in the American Dub.

READ AND REVIEW! I love hearing from everyone! See ya around! Peace!





*Chapter 39*: Gohan's Furious Counterattack!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. See chapter 1 for details.

Author's note: Hey everyone! How is it going? Hope you all enjoyed your week as well as I did. Classes went really well this week. Too bad I won't see most of my students since April is the start of the new school year here in Japan which causes my schedule to change...a lot! I am going to teach more classes on specific days. However, the bright side is that I get to have more days of writing! Yay!

Anyways, I want to mention you start reading this chapter about something. Along the chapter, a character will mention the word Kurezecs. It is a unit of battle power measurement that I made up so I wouldn't have to write 1 billion and so on. The term is actually from a character that will be revealed later on in the story. But anyways, the unit of measurement is as such: 1 Kurezecs = 1,000,000 in battle power. Hope that helps everyone.

I want to thank theprincedonte for beta reading this chapter! Now let me present to you all Chapter 39 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 39: Gohan's Furious Counterattack! Everyone, back to the Past!

All of the Mahora people that were still conscious widened their eyes, tears welling up in joy. Their assistant teacher, Son Gohan, had just arrived at the scene to save the day. The girls cheered in happiness at seeing Gohan. "Gohan/-kun/-sensei!" shouted the girls, extremely happy to see their assistant teacher.

Negi began to well up with tears as well. There was a big happy smile on his face as he was extremely, extremely happy to see Gohan. "Gohan-san!" greeted the boy teacher happily. The demi-saiyan didn't respond to any of these comments as he stared intently at the two artificial humans and Tullece. Once he realized that Gohan didn't respond, Negi took a quick glance at the demi-saiyan's face. His eyebrows were frowned. Let's just say that Gohan wasn't very happy at the moment.

Tullece let out a small grin. "So, you've finally shown up," the Saiyan said. "Why have you taken the trouble to come here, Kakabrat or should I say, Son Gohan? Don't tell me you've come to tell some ridiculous joke about how you're here to defeat us."

The demi-saiyan was quiet for a few seconds until he finally spoke. "Tullece," Gohan started as he sternly looked at the evil Saiyan. "I should have guessed it was you. I clearly remember that ki signature of yours, especially when you tried to turn the whole planet into a wasteland by growing the Shinseiju tree. How did you survive my father's Genki Dama?"

Tullece's grin turned soured once Gohan had mentioned his defeat earlier. "I barely survived it," Tullece said as he started to recount the events that happened after the fight against Son Goku. "It was quite shocking to see that attack and being hit directly by it. I will never forget the pain that I suffered on that day. It was the worst pain that I ever felt," the Saiyan said as he angrily looked at his hand momentarily. "I remember the pain that I was inflicted and also the destruction of the Shinseiju tree. It was humiliating! A few minutes later, I found myself in a forest on the ground in extreme pain. I was surprised that I was still alive after that attack. However, I couldn't move very much and I wasn't in the condition to even destroy this pathetic planet. So I called upon my spaceship and fled this planet. I went to get my wounds healed on a nearby outpost of Freeza's planetary empire. I was lucky that they welcomed me in with open arms; especially when I left their organization and planned to rule the universe myself.

"Then I got the shock of my life," Tullece said. "When I was about to go back to Earth after being healed and having my power increased due to me being near death, I heard about Freeza's defeat. I couldn't believe it that the almighty Freeza was defeated, but that wasn't the thing that shocked me the most. What was more surprising that he was defeated at the hands of Kakarotto after he had transformed into a Super Saiyan! Could you believe it? Kakarotto, that low-class warrior who had strayed so far from the righteous path of a Saiyan warrior, had become a Super Saiyan, the legendary Saiyan warrior! It infuriated me greatly. I had to get stronger! The only way to do that was to grow more Shinseiju trees. Luckily, I had some a few spare Shinseiju seeds with me. So I began to scour the universe to find suitable planets to grow the Shinseiju."

Gohan's eyes widened a bit. "T-Then that means that…"

Tullece's grin returned once again. "Yes, I was able to grow Shinseiju trees and eat their delicious fruit," the Saiyan said. "Of course, I met some resistance along the way which I easily dealt with. But because of the fighting, my skills began to increase with every battle that I fought. Although I didn't realize at the time but I was gaining strength through eating the fruit of the Shinseiju tree and fighting against the natives of the planets that I planted the Shinseiju. I must say, the results have been quite pleasant."

Gohan clenched his fists even tighter in anger. Negi and the others were a bit confused. They had heard Tullece continuously repeat the word 'Shinseiju' over and over again. They all wondered what that word meant and why it was making Gohan so angry. Negi decided to ask. "I-I'm sorry Gohan-san, but what is the Shinseiju tree?" the boy teacher asked to Gohan. "Tullece keeps on repeating that word."

"Negi-san, the Shinseiju tree is a plant that only few people in the universe know about," replied the demi-saiyan. "It grows a certain fruit called the Shinseiju. This fruit is said to give the one who consumes it a massive power increase. But in order to grow these fruits, the tree needs a large amount of energy. Like any regular plant, it sucks energy from its roots underground."

"That can't be that bad then," Negi said.

"You don't understand Negi-san," Gohan continued in his explanation. "Because of the energy to grow the Shinseiju, the tree essentially sucks all the energy from the planet. It sucks the planet dry by sucking its energy and life force from the planet. As a result, the planet on which the Shinseiju tree is planted on becomes a barren wasteland, derived of living things." Negi and the girls' eyes flung in shock as they realized that if Tullece had been eating the Shinseiju, then that means that many planets have died! Countless organisms killed just so the Saiyan could gain power. What a monster!

"Right you are brat," Tullece said. "I have already gained enough power to defeat Kakarotto and the others easily. Besides, I still haven't forgotten the defeat that you and Kakarotto gave me so many years ago. It is something that I would never forget."

"Don't tell me that you came to Earth to plant the Shinseiju tree once again?" Gohan asked sternly.

"Oh no," Tullece replied. "I came back to this pathetic planet for revenge. And so far, you are the only one left for me to achieve my complete revenge."

Gohan's eyes widened a bit. "The only one left?" the demi-saiyan repeated.

Tullece grinned evilly. "That's right," said the Saiyan. "After all, why else Kakarotto and the others aren't here right now? I know that you and your comrades can sense people's power level."

Negi and the Mahora girls' widened their eyes. Of course, why didn't they think of that before? Goku and the others can sense people's ki levels. And if they did, they should have come here already to help them in their fight against the two artificial humans. So why weren't they here? Gohan had already reached upon that conclusion. "You killed them didn't you?" the demi-saiyan asked. Everyone's eyes widened in shock. That couldn't be true, could it?

Tullece's grin grew even larger. "Of course," the Saiyan said. "How else would you explain them not being here? Heh, heh, heh." Tullece chuckled evilly.

"B-But how?" Negi questioned. "Goku-san and the others are very strong. There is no way you could have defeated them so easily without receiving some kind of injury."

"Negi Springfield, you are forgetting something," No. 17b spoke up, grabbing the boy teacher's attention. "No. 16b and I aren't humans and thus we don't emit ki like humans normally do." Negi pondered on that statement for a second before he realized something. That means that Goku and the others were ambushed by them! It completely makes sense! Negi's body began to tremble in fear. He had fought against the man who defeated Son Goku easily and barely survived. Unbelievable!

"I knew it. You two are artificial humans, especially when you looked exactly No. 17 and No. 16," Gohan said. "I knew something was strange when I noticed everyone's ki level spiking up while Tullece's wasn't. So I am guessing that you two took out Dad and Vegeta-san."

"You are correct Kakabrat," Tullece said. "While No. 17b and No. 16b handled Kakarotto and the Princess of the Saiyans, I took care of the others. I have to say, it was quite pleasant. I finished off those two half-pints before they did their stupid fusion dance. The Namekian was a bit difficult at first, due to me playing around, but eventually he was done in. The human was killed easily. They never stood a chance. Just like what is going to happen to you, Son Gohan."

Gohan clenched his fists and gritted his teeth in anger. That was why Karin, the sacred cat, had a sad look on his face when Gohan had asked the whereabouts of his father and the others; and also why the cat insisted that Gohan be the one to bring peace back to the planet in place of Son Goku. No. 17b chuckled. "Here you've and come back, and you just nonchalantly show up here," No. 17b said. "I know you can't tell our strength but we are definitely stronger than you Son Gohan. We know everything about you, especially when we saw your match at the Mahora Budokai." Then No. 17b turned his head to the taller artificial human. "No. 16b, you can have your shot if you want. After all didn't you want to fight against Son Gohan?"

The taller artificial human nodded his head in response and walked over to where No. 17b was at. The two artificial humans stared at the demi-saiyan intently. No. 16b then got himself in fighting pose, ready to strike against Gohan. Tullece watched the scene unfold with interest, but something was bothering him. It was Gohan's body language. There was something unusual about it. What is the deal here? Tullece asked himself. Why does Kakabrat look so calm and collected? Does he really think he could beat No. 17b and No.16b easily with that battle level? Impossible. I carefully made sure that their powers were greater than anyone on this pathetic planet.

Gohan then suddenly clenched his fists as he brought them to his side. He began to hiss in anger. His incredible power began to escape from his body in bits and pieces which as a result, caused the ground to shake momentarily. This grabbed the evil Saiyan's attention. "His battle power is rising fast," Tullece said as he had pulled out his scouter once again. Something is definitely not right here.

"Here I go," No. 16b said as he dashed forward towards Gohan's position. He was about to use the same attack that he used on Kaede earlier. However, as soon as he tried to Gohan in the face, the demi-saiyan disappeared! No. 16b stopped himself as his feet skidded across the ground. The artificial human was very surprised. His built-in scouter couldn't even follow the demi-saiyan's movements! That was impossible! Tullece's eyebrows narrowed in grudging respect. He's fast! Not even No. 16b's scouter could pick it up! He said to himself. Then the scouter picked up the movement, causing the Saiyan to turn his head. His eyebrows widened a bit when he saw that Gohan went towards the yellow cloud with Negi riding on it.

Gohan motioned Kinto Un to follow him. "Negi-san, this way," Gohan said as Negi and the yellow cloud followed him towards where the others were. "Asuna-san, Kaede-san…" Gohan said as he spotted the two girls exhausted and on the ground, unable to move at all.

"G-Gohan…" Asuna said with tears of joying welling up in her eyes. She was extremely happy to see the demi-saiyan right in front of her. The girls that were around the corner, which were Yue, Haruna, Nodoka, Chisame and Konoka, all rushed towards where Gohan and the others were.

"Gohan-kun!" cried Konoka with tears in her eyes as she went to hug the demi-saiyan tightly. She cried softly upon his chest. Gohan let out a small smile as he returned the hug, patting on Konoka's head. Chisame, Kaede, Haruna and Asuna were getting jealous about the whole hugging business going on between Konoka and Gohan, but they decided to let it slide for now. After all, they were all about to be killed about a few minutes ago.

"Sorry I took so long you guys," Gohan said as he and Konoka were separated from each other. He looked at of the girls with a Son grin on his face. "I'm impressed that you all made it through." Then he looked at Negi, Kaede and Asuna and pulled out a brown bag that was at his side. "Here," said the demi-saiyan as he pulled out green beans from the bag and showed them to Kaede, Negi and Asuna. "Everyone one needs to eat a bean now."

"What are they?" asked Asuna as she looked at the green beans with curiosity.

"T-Those are senzu bean, aren't they?" Negi asked from on top of the yellow cloud as he had recognized the green beans that were in Gohan's hand. Gohan nodded in response. "Then you keep them Gohan-san. You are going to need them especially when you are going to face against those three."

"It's all right," said the demi-saiyan. "I had one before I got here."

"Keep it Gohan-san," Negi said. "Even if we recover now, we won't be any help."

"Don't worry about it," Gohan said as he gave the beans to everyone. Suddenly, Asuna, Kaede and Negi felt their energy replenished quickly. All of the injuries and bruises that they suffered at the hands of the artificial humans were gone! Kaede and Asuna couldn't help but look at their bodies, wondering if this was real. "I should go and give some to Setsuna-san and Ku Fei-san. I'll be right back."

As Gohan walked over to where Setsuna and Ku Fei were at, Asuna asked the boy teacher, "Hey Negi, what did Gohan just give us?"

"A special bean called the senzu bean," responded Negi.

"S-Senzu bean?" repeated everyone as they were curious to their incredible properties. Chisame was the one who was most interested in it but at the same time in her book, these beans were getting very close to being classified as fantasy.

Negi nodded in response. "That's right," began the boy teacher. "These beans are very special. When you eat them, your energy and physical health are restored to their fullest." Everyone gaped at the statement. There existed food like this in their world? "I know you are probably thinking, 'How come I have never heard of them before?' Well, according to Gohan-san, they are extremely difficult to grow and the only person that knows how to do it is Karin-sama. Gohan-san also said it takes a long time for the senzu beans to grow." Everyone was in shock. Now, they knew why Gohan went off and wasn't around. He went to grab these beans for them to use just in case when they were going to fight against Chao. However, Asuna and Kaede began to feel bad that the senzu beans were being used right now instead of later. But thanks to the beans, they were all healed up.

"All healed up now," Gohan said, grabbing everyone's attention. They turned their heads around to see Setsuna and Ku Fei standing up and in perfect health. They too, were surprised that all of their injuries and exhaustion were gone. They looked at the demi-saiyan as small tears began to well up in their eyes as well, happy to see the demi-saiyan.

"Se-chan!" cried Konoka as she went to hug Setsuna. The swordswoman was caught completely surprise as she received the warm hug from Konoka. Setsuna wasn't sure what to do, other than blush and hug in return after trembling for a seconds. "I was so worried!" Konoka said.

Setsuna caressed Konoka on the head, letting her know that she was okay. "Ojou-sama," the swordswoman said. "It's okay. I'm fine now." Then she looked at the demi-saiyan. "Thank you Gohan-sensei. I'm sorry that we couldn't do anything. Those guys were just too strong for us. We were no match for them in the end."

"It's okay Setsuna-san," Gohan responded as he gave a pat on Setsuna's shoulder. "You did really well. All of you did. I'm very impressed, especially with you Negi-san. Your skills have definitely improved, I can tell."

Negi scratched the back of his head in slight embarrassment. "T-Thank you Gohan-san," said the boy teacher. "But I was no match for them either. I'm really glad that you are here Gohan-san."

"That's right!" Setsuna stated. "We can beat them now! Gohan-sensei, with you joining in, we might at least be able to get one of them!" All the girls nodded in agreement. With Gohan's help, they should have no problems in defeating these three villains.

Gohan frowned his eyebrows slightly, but still had a small smile on his face. "Actually, I'm going to fight them by myself," Gohan said. "You guys watch from a distance, so you don't get caught in the middle of it."

Everyone's eyes flung wide open, gaping at what Gohan just told them. "B-By yourself?" Everyone cried out loud.

"You may be strong, Gohan, but that's crazy!" Asuna said in worry. "Their strength is far greater than we can imagine!" Konoka nodded in agreement. She didn't want another dear person to her be hurt badly. She didn't want to experience that feeling of anguish when she thought that Negi had died. She wouldn't be able to live with herself if Gohan were to die.

"S-She's right, Gohan-san!" added Negi. "If the combined forces of Asuna-san, Ku-roshi, Setsuna-san and Kaede-san were no match for one of those artificial humans, what makes you think that you could defeat them? Not even Goku-san was able to match against them!

Gohan clenched his fist in anger as he glared at the artificial humans and Tullece. Energy started to come out of Gohan's body, surrounding him in a bright white light. It was quite scary to say the least. Yue, Nodoka and Chisame immediately backed away from the demi-saiyan. Asuna, Kaede, Ku Fei, Negi, Setsuna, Haruna and Konoka could only watch, gaping at the sight as they saw Gohan walk towards the three villains.

"Gohan/-san!" cried Asuna and Negi in worry as they tried to go along with Gohan and at least give some back up to the demi-saiyan. However, they could go no further as Kaede and Setsuna stepped in the way, blocking Negi and Asuna from going any further.

"Let Gohan-kun handle this," Kaede said, stopping Negi and Asuna from following the demi-saiyan. She definitely noticed something was different about Gohan but she couldn't quite put her finger on it. Somehow, her fighter's sense was telling her to stay the hell away from Gohan at the moment. Even though she wanted to help Gohan as much as Negi and Asuna did, Kaede trusted her gut feeling or fighter's sense more than anything in this kind of situation.

"B-But…" Negi trailed.

"T-There's no room for us to intrude here," Setsuna added as they all looked at Gohan walking away from them and towards the two artificial humans and the evil Saiyan named Tullece. Kaede gave a quick look at Setsuna and figured that she probably felt the same way as she did. It would be best not to interfere in this fight or something bad might happen to them.

"S-Setsuna-san…" Asuna trailed; surprised that even Setsuna would even step in the way. Didn't the swordswoman care for Gohan as much as she did?

"Asuna, Se-chan is right," Konoka said, getting surprised looks from both Negi and Asuna. The two of them were surprised that Konoka would even say that. They thought that she would at least go out to Gohan's side like Negi and Asuna were trying to do, but she wasn't doing that. "I have never seen Gohan-kun so angry before," Konoka said. Negi and Asuna realized then that Konoka was speaking the truth. They definitely have never seen Son Gohan so angry before. These bad guys messed with the wrong guy at the wrong time.

Tullece and the two artificial humans didn't change their facial expression but were rather curious as to why Gohan was walking towards them. No. 16b was sensing that something was wrong when suddenly; new orders appeared in his parameters which were strange ones. He was going to ignore them for the time being as he was about to face his objective created by Tullece. No. 17b, meanwhile, let out a small smile. "So have you come to give up or die like how your father did before?" No. 17b taunted as he put himself in a fighting pose as did No. 16b.

Gohan stood in front of the two artificial humans. Two veins on his forehead were popping out in anger as he looked at the two artificial humans. "I know that you look like No. 16 and would hate fighting against you, but when you hurt my friends, I don't care if you look like him, that is the last straw! You're going to pay for this dearly!" Gohan roared angrily as he suddenly clenched his fists and got himself in a horse stance as he collected ki within his body. Taking a firmer stance, the demi-saiyan glared harder at his opponent, eyes flickering. Suddenly, the ground around him began to crackle with a fiercer display of blue, electrical currents. The earth even began to shake, causing everyone to go for cover, thinking that it was an earthquake. Tullece's scouter then started to pick up the combat level readings coming from Gohan. His eyes were widening by the second at the massive increase of power that Gohan was showing! No. 16b's scouter was taking in the power level measurements when it suddenly exploded due to the sudden increase done by Son Gohan! It didn't affect his outward appearance but his circuits inside his head were fired for sure!

The girls were amazed at this display of power coming from Gohan as they were holding onto the nearest thing they could grab on to. Suddenly, blue electricity consumed Gohan and began flickering around him, shooting outwards. The currents moved up and down them, as well as across the ground as the field of power expanded and then contracted. With its concentration into Gohan's body, the demi-saiyan felt his power rise again, and finally, it hit him. He was ready. Bringing himself into a strong stance, Gohan reared his head back and let out a tremendous cry of power, a shock wave exploding out of him, lifting large rocks from the ground. The earth began to shake even more as Gohan gritted his teeth and then, with a flail of his arms, the demi-saiyan cried out, "HYAAAAH!" A bright light surrounded the demi-saiyan, causing everyone to cover themselves from the light.

The bright light disappeared with the large rocks crashing down against the ground. A white blazing aura surrounded the demi-saiyan as his appearance had changed once again. His jet black hair had become spikier than before. There was now a single bang of black hair in front of the demi-saiyan's forehand which was on his left instead of his usual right side. His eyes had changed as well. Tullece immediately recognized what Gohan had just done. He had transformed into his Mystic form!

No. 17b's body shook as the energy released crashed over him like a wave. He could feel incredible energy coming out from the demi-saiyan. He knew that this would happen after seeing in person during the Mahora Budokai finals, but this power was definitely different than the one he saw. It was more. Much, much more. He had noticed that No. 16b's scouter had been broken when he noticed the shocked look on the taller artificial human's face. He turned his head to see that Tullece's scouter hadn't been broken. Curious, he asked the evil Saiyan, "Tullece what does the scouter say about his power level?"

Tullece grabbed his scouter angrily as he was very pissed at the moment. "It's over 9000 Kurezecs!" Tullece growled as he immediately crushed the scouter in his hand. He was obviously angry that Gohan was able to display that amount of power, especially when he was supposed to be at a lower level, since Tullece had recorded his battle power when Gohan fought against Vegetto at the Mahora Budokai finals!

No. 16b's and No. 17b's eyes were flung wide open when they heard the combat level of Son Gohan. "WHAT! 9000 KUREZECS!" screamed No. 17b, extremely surprised that Gohan's battle level was that much. No. 16b was shocked as well. It couldn't be true! Their data definitely indicated differently! "That's impossible! That must be some kind of mistake! There has to be malfunction with the scouter! How can there be a battle power higher than mine! Plus how could the son of the low-class Saiyan warrior Son Goku have this kind of power!"

"Don't you worry," Gohan said sternly as he took in his new powers while staring at the two artificial humans and Tullece. "I still won't use the Kaio-ken against you."

"Kaio-ken?" Tullece repeated, wondering why that word sounded so familiar. Wait, Tullece said to himself when he remembered something that happened during the battle against Goku. Didn't Kakarotto use a technique called Kaio-ken when he fought against me in our first battle? And also, didn't he and the brat use that at the Mahora Budokai as well?

"That doesn't matter!" growled No. 17b as he looked towards the demi-saiyan. "I'm sorry No. 16b but there is no way I can allow a power that is higher than mine to exist! Take this!" No. 17b raised his right arm up, creating a blue ki sphere in front of his hand. Negi immediately recognized it as the attack that No. 17b used to try to kill him earlier. No. 17b shot his Power Blitz at Gohan, the sphere coursing above the ground, cracking it open as if it were a knife. The Mahora group screamed out in worry, but their worries were for nothing when they saw Gohan swat away the blast as if it were nothing.

No. 17b clenched his fists and gritted his teeth in rage, seeing his attack hit a nearby mountain which exploded into smithereens. "DAMMIT!" No. 17b roared. He then continued to fire more of his Power Blitz attacks at the demi-saiyan. Gohan stood still as the attacks approached and swatted them away like they were nothing. No. 17b couldn't believe it. He immediately turned his head toward No. 16b. I wish I didn't have to ask for his help but I can't allow a power greater than mine to exist! No. 17b said to himself. "No. 16b let's attack him together!" The giant artificial human gave a nod in response as the two of them joined forces and dashed towards Gohan.

Gohan did nothing as he remained in his standing position, watching the two artificial humans approach him. No. 17b and No. 16b broke apart, flanking and coming in from all sides of the demi-saiyan. This caused Gohan to take evasive action, as well as a precaution. He shot at No. 16b just as the two closed in. He hammered the guy's face in with a powerful left hook, before changing course and sending a right, side kick up into No. 17b's face just as he was coming in with a punch. Gohan downed them all effortlessly, but they eventually came back with more. This time, after recovering from the blows, they attacked him at the same time. They surrounded their opponent and began pounding him, sending punches and kicks at him from all sides. The demi-saiyan dodged, avoided and blocked every single attack that came at him, spinning round and round constantly while shifting through the air. His expression remained serious and set, showing how much he didn't have to try.

No. 17b and No. 16b put full strength into this burst mode, hammering away at Gohan even though their attacks weren't having any effect. The demi-saiyan was too fast, they could barely keep tabs on his movements. They shifted through the air. The Mahora group below could see the fight raging on above, since they weren't moving in super speed. They thought that Gohan was beat, but they were wrong. It turned out to be the other way around. No. 17b and No. 16b were exhausting everything they had, unable to keep up with their opponent. After a while, Gohan grew tired of this and blocked final strikes from his attackers. He first blocked an elbow, then a hook from No. 16b and finally a knee from No. 17b. The three bit and held that position with No. 17b and No. 16b applying pressure to their attacks to try and squish him. Gohan wasn't fazed.

With a quick power output, he sent them away by throwing all limbs out he used to block the attacks, throwing them back through the air. No. 16b and No. 17b stopped, taking up the two corners around Gohan at equal distances. They stared at him, seeing him glaring ahead at Tullece. They were all sweating and slightly bruised, whereas their target didn't even have a scratch on him. He was completely unharmed.

The Mahora group was shocked to say the least. For a few seconds, they couldn't even see Gohan's movements. They were completely surprised that Gohan was able to block both attacks so effortlessly and push them back like they were nothing. "H-How did he do that just now?" Asuna questioned. No one was sure on how to respond on that question. They couldn't believe what they were seeing as it was just too incredible to believe. Gohan was like a completely different person than the one that have seen in the battle against Broli, the Legendary Super Saiyan and against Vegetto, the Potara fusion of Goku and Vegeta. And they weren't the only one to be surprised. Tullece, the evil Saiyan was as well. Where the hell did the brat get this kind of power in such a short amount of time? Tullece asked himself.

After their failed assault, No. 17b tried a new one. He charged Gohan, intent on another engagement. Gohan met his assault with a strong defense. He blocked the two punches first and then the kick, before their fight was taken into high speeds. No. 17b and Gohan began exchanging blows and defense techniques. No. 17b received most of the blows, while Gohan didn't receive any. He avoided and blocked all of his opponent's attacks while they both shifted through the air. The long black haired artificial human was forced back under pressure, the flurrying fight being too much for him to handle. No. 16b, frustrated that he wasn't landing a hit, flung himself at the demi-saiyan, fists raised. Gohan sensed the approach of the giant artificial human. He blocked a powerful punch from No. 17b and held him in place. Before long, and counting the seconds, Gohan pulled on his target and sun him round, throwing No. 17b into No. 16b. The giant artificial human saw the attack coming and dodged the thrown No. 17b, who was sent flying and crashing hard to the ground.

No. 16b then concentrated on his assault. Throwing his right hand out towards the demi-saiyan warrior, the giant artificial human unleashed a powerful ki blast. The blast ripped through the air at high speeds straight for the assistant teacher, without a hint of stopping. Gohan glared at it as it approached him. Just as it was about to hit, Gohan brought his right hand down and threw it up, striking the blast and sending it skyward. The effortless block of the attack deflected it, with absolutely no damage made. With an infuriated yell, No. 16b flung himself forward and flew straight at Gohan, fists held up and ready to strike. Gohan charged in kind and locked with No. 16b in a furious battle. Fists and kicks flew, with No. 16b yelling out with every attack he launched. The demi-saiyan didn't even have to concentrate in order to avoid the following attacks and, with his defense being the superior, began pushing No. 16b back. The giant artificial human sweated nervously when he saw Gohan begin to approach.

No. 17b managed to pull himself out of his predicament, and after a quick breather, rushed in to aid No. 16b. His efforts to save his comrade were thwarted, when Gohan managed to batter No. 16b away with a gut blow and a swift kick across the face. "That's for hurting Asuna-san," said Gohan as he watched No. 16b fly away from his position. When the giant artificial human was sent flying, Gohan turned his attention to No. 17b who came at him from his left side. The demi-saiyan was on the defensive, blocking the first flurry of kicks and punches No. 17b sent his way. They shifted through the sky, Gohan constantly moving in order to keep himself in the game. He caught No. 17b's fist in an arm lock and kicked him across the face. He then pounded No. 17b's face, mashing it up pretty good before releasing him and sending an upper cut into his gut. As No. 17b reeled forward, Gohan concentrated heavy punches and kicks aimed at his upper body before knocking him away with a 360 round house kick.

No. 17b flew across the sky momentarily, before stopping himself in mid-air. He immediately grabbed the areas at which Gohan had inflicted pain in and looked up at the demi-saiyan in rage. A couple of veins were popping up around his face with the artificial human getting really pissed. Gohan stared at the black haired artificial human sternly. "You know, for all your swaggering, you aren't all that great," mentioned the demi-saiyan. "The original No. 17 was much better than you."

No. 17b's eyes widened at the statement. "W-What did you say?" growled the black haired artificial human, pissed that Gohan was now starting to make fun of him as tick marks began to appear on the artificial human's face. "I-I'm not all that great?"

"That's right," Gohan replied with the same expression on his face. "I can tell from that attack just now."

No. 17b's body trembled a bit before he calmed himself down with a fit of laughter. "Why don't you explain to me…exactly what it is you can tell?" No. 17b questioned angrily as he dashed towards Gohan's position once again. Once he got there, the artificial human sent out a fist and then sweeping kick, both of them dodge easily by Gohan. No. 17b then proceeded to send every combination known to him. Kicks, punches, hooks, everything! But no matter what he did, the artificial human couldn't land a hit. Gohan decided he had enough and gave a devastating punch to the gut, sending the poor artificial human flying.

All of the girls were in shock at the display that the demi-saiyan was showing them, especially those who hadn't seen Gohan fight like this. "Who are you Gohan-sensei?" Chisame questioned out loud. Haruna began to wonder the same thing as well. But rather than worry about who he was, they were more worried at the moment on whether Gohan would be able to defeat these two artificial humans that not even Negi could beat.

Suddenly, No. 16b charged in from the sidelines, yelling as he came up to meet Gohan. He followed his charge through with a right, straight punch. Gohan stepped to the side, easily avoiding it. He then brought his knee upwards and rammed the alien in the gut, winding him. "That's for hurting Kaede-san!" Gohan cried. After a brief pivot, he brought his leg up, around and down in an axe kick, sending No. 16b falling. The giant artificial human plummeted and went straight through the roof of the cave. Gohan watched him disappear amongst the rock. It was right then when No. 17b came back into the fray. With a loud zip, he appeared behind Gohan and sent a right punch straight into the demi-saiyan's back. Just when it seemed he had struck Gohan, he suddenly went straight through him. Gasping in surprise, he looked back, realizing he had gone through an after image. But just as he watched it disappear, a new Gohan solidified in its place and sent a powerful roundhouse kick straight across his face. "That's for hurting Ku Fei-san!" shouted Gohan. No. 17b blanked out for a moment as he was sent dropping to the ground and crashing.

Within a few seconds later, No. 17b was up again. No. 17b, shaking his head and wiping away the blood from his lip, growled and charged Gohan from below. The demi-saiyan turned around, seeing one of his opponents on the attack. The black haired fighter was readying himself for an assault, hand thrown back and ready to strike. Gohan braced, just as No. 17b came in with a punch. The demi-saiyan leapt back, avoiding the blow attack. No. 17b came up with him with a swift, uppercut turned into a hook, face shot. Gohan ducked and backed away again, avoiding that attack. The artificial human then brought his left hand back down again in a chop, only to miss again when Gohan leapt away. He took a fighting stance, readying himself. Just as No. 17b was launching another hook, Gohan grabbed his fist in his palm, holding No. 17b in place. With that, Gohan brought his knee back and threw it up and forward, cracking No. 17b right in the chin. The blow staggered No. 17b, sending him rearing back and falling. "That's for hurting Setsuna-san!" yelled the demi-saiyan warrior.

Gohan then took the opportunity and grabbed No. 17b's leg. With a quick, slight bit of effort, Gohan pitched him. No. 17b was sent flying straight into forests. He crashed into the softened ground and sent streaking across, dust, wood and dirt flying. He created a deep entrenchment by the time he stopped, allowing the demi-saiyan an easy target. Bringing his fist about, he threw it forward, the spaces in his fingers glowing bright blue. When he threw his charged attack, it broke up into fast moving energy shards. They flew straight down for the field, catching No. 17b's attention. The warrior gasped and leapt to his feet, wheeling around.

In front of him, he saw the shards hit the ground and suddenly explode. What resulted was a following series of powerful explosions. The ground tore itself up as a blazing wall of fire headed towards him, smoke and debris flying. No. 17b leapt into the air, avoiding Gohan's attack. Growling with gritted teeth, the wounded artificial human glared up to where his opponent should be. Just as he did, Gohan shot out from the skies behind him, the demi-saiyan making a hook charge and tackling the black haired artificial human fighter. No. 17b was sent flying forward when Gohan booted him in the back with a straight, side kick. "And that's for hurting Negi-san!" screamed Gohan as the demi-saiyan watched No. 17b fly back into the forest once again. The artificial human's landing was harsh, his lip bleeding and was battered all over.

The same went for No. 16b. He was severely beaten by his opponent, Son Gohan. He turned around and glared up into the sky, seeing the demi-saiyan floating there uncaringly. He roared. An electric aura sprang up around him and No. 16b flew up and at Gohan. He gained altitude and speed quickly, bringing his two hands up and locking fingers together. Gritting his teeth, he brought his fists down in a hammer strike, only to see his opponent hold up his hand and block it easily.

No. 16b growled, applying more pressure, but unable to budge the boy. Gohan just glared up at him, still not using any effort to battle his opponents. He had thought the previous artificial humans were tough, but these guys were tougher. He could tell from their ki signatures. Still, it didn't mean they were a match for him. After having caught the giant artificial human's attack and holding him in place, Gohan pushed him up, throwing him back. He then came in and sent a powerful right punch into his stomach. No. 16b reeled over, eyes wide and gasping. Saliva flew out of his mouth as he was winded. Just then, Gohan opened his palm against the artificial human's armor and unleashed a blue energy blast. The attack turned into a ball of energy that sent No. 16b flying and crashing against the nearby forest.

Gohan kept his hand out, staring after the fallen warrior. Then suddenly, No. 16 shot out of the forest and flew straight up at Gohan. He appeared behind him, left fist held back and ready to strike. The giant artificial human brought the attack down swiftly, striking at the demi-saiyan, only to see him disappear. He reappeared several meters away, turned to him. No. 16b growled and flew at him, striking out with another hook. Gohan disappeared again, this time reappearing behind him. No. 16b spun around, balling his fists and growling. With a roar of rage, he charged Gohan, flying at high speeds directly for the demi-saiyan. Gohan remained standing still, smiling.

The artificial human closed in on the demi-saiyan warrior climbing a bit to gain a little height. He towered over Gohan like Arnold Schwarzenegger over Danny Devito, before coming down with a powerful punch. All Gohan had to do was move his head to the side, feeling the fist brush past him before ducking, moving forward and sent a palm strike straight up underneath No. 16b's chin. After which, Gohan took an elbow shot straight for his chest. The blow cracked the armor and sent the fighter spinning through the air towards No. 17b. The black haired artificial human moved just in time as No. 16b went flying past and crashing into the ground, unable to get up anymore. With a quick power up of his own, No. 17b threw his hands towards Gohan like punches, one after another, firing off orange ki blasts that flew straight for the demi-saiyan warrior. Gohan deflected them, back handing them out of the way. Then, after unleashing ten blasts, No. 17b charged his opponent with the intention of ruining his face.

"You're mine!" shouted the artificial human, coming up to Gohan and sending a hook for his face. Gohan dodged that and leapt back when No. 17b followed through that right hook with a left jab.

Pursuing him, No. 17b began recklessly launching useless punches. They were useless for the fact of being too slow and too weak to measure up to Gohan's strength and reflexes. The demi-saiyan warrior side stepped another punch. After drifting past with the motion, No. 17b spun around and took off at Gohan again; launching another left, power-punch. It missed when Gohan phased out and reappeared behind him. Now more overly frustrated, the black haired artificial human fighter spun around and side kicked, only to see Gohan disappear again. He gasped and looked around, losing track of him. Just then the demi-saiyan reappeared behind him to his right. The artificial human responded by turning around, pivoting and launching a left punch directed at his opponent's face. The battle hardened demi-saiyan caught his fist, twisted his arm and knocked him away with the deadly, ninja-chest strike. The blow winded No. 17b, sending him drifting back from the force of the blow. Staggered, yet still conscious, the dark haired artificial human threw his right hand out and fired off a ki blast at his opponent. The blast was fast and at a close quarter too, but was ineffective. Gohan caught it, turning it into an energy ball in his grasp. He held it, just as No. 17b floated back into a proper position, his left arm broken and limp at his side.

Backing away, the artificial human gritted his teeth and stared fearfully at the demi-saiyan. Gohan turned, glaring at the dark haired artificial human. No. 17b stammered. "I-Impossible! How is this possible!"

"You made a big mistake hurting my friends," Gohan responded firmly. "Leave now and keep your dignity. You too Tullece, if you know what's good for you."

No. 17b growled and threw his still working hand and pointed it towards the demi-saiyan. "Never! I am Artificial Human No. 17b, the greatest artificial human ever created! I am the most powerful warrior that has ever existed! I will not allow a power greater than mine or that of Tullece's to exist! There is simply no way! You are the son of a low-class Saiyan warrior! How can you have this kind of strength! DAMMIT!"

Gohan remained silent, staring at the injured fighter. He couldn't help feel sorry for him. These days, all the villains have the intention of getting at him for something he did or didn't do. It was like he was a magnet, or perhaps he was just around when really bad things happen. Anyway, this No. 17b character was really one sore guy. He would rather accept death then live. That was the problem. Most characters these days believe that it would be better to die with honor then live as a coward. It isn't like that. You can't put a price on your own life, no matter what. "I'm going to kill you right now!" No. 17b roared as he powered up a large ki sphere in his working hand. "Take this!" He then sent the blast straight at the demi-saiyan. Everyone screamed out in worry as they saw that Gohan wasn't moving at all! Was he really going to take on that powerful attack head-on? Tullece watched the action scene with interest. Let's see what you are really capable of Son Gohan, Tullece said to himself.

Everyone stood by and watched as the blast hit Son Gohan straight on, creating a huge explosion! The sky was covered with a big brown cloud as it gushed out huge gales of wind. Everyone covered themselves from the blast as well as hold onto something so as to not be blown away. No. 17b let out a grin. "That should take care of you, Son Gohan!" No. 17b let out a fit of laughter, thinking that he had finally beaten the demi-saiyan warrior. Then his laughter died down once the smoke cloud dissipated, revealing an unharmed Gohan!

"Whoa, if I had taken that one full-on, I would have been in trouble," Gohan said as he patted off the dust that had accumulated on his martial arts dogi. No. 17b was in shock! He couldn't believe it! There was not a single scratch on Gohan's body. Tullece clenched his fists in anger and frustration. Dammit, the Saiyan said to himself. Looks like I will have to step in soon if this keeps up.

No. 17b's eyes were wide open, incredibly surprised on how he was no longer any match for Son Gohan. "I-Impossible!" No. 17b roared in shock. "That was my greatest technique! You just brushed it aside like it was nothing!" How strong could Gohan really be! If he could defend against that, then how was No. 17b going to beat the demi-saiyan warrior?

Gohan sternly looked at the artificial human. "If this keeps up, we aren't going to get anywhere," Gohan said. He knew that the artificial human had unlimited supply of energy but he wasn't any match for the demi-saiyan at this point. He needed to end this right now if he was going to save Earth. "Let's finish this."

No. 17b was about to launch the same attack again, but was stopped when everyone heard an unexpected voice shouting at them. "That's enough!" shouted Tullece, the evil Saiyan. "Come on down, No. 17b! You're getting us nowhere! I'll take care of him!"

"What!" No. 17b said. Tullece was now going to fight Gohan instead of him? This was easily going bad to worse for the artificial human. Kuso, No. 17b said to himself. I can't believe this is happening! It can't be! I'm making Tullece fight now! How embarrassing!

"You're pathetic!" Tullece continued, gritting his teeth with frustration that No. 17b wasn't able to put away Son Gohan like he thought he should have done easily. After all, he was the one who oversaw the construction of the artificial humans. How embarrassing for him! "Imagine, me, actually having to take action against Kakabrat!"

The Mahora group began to tremble, seeing the interaction between No. 17b and the evil Saiyan. "H-He's finally going to start in?" Negi questioned

"Even that guy over there is intimidated by him de-gozaru," Kaede added as she had noticed the reaction that No. 17b gave when Tullece said that he was now going to fight against Gohan.

"D-Damn," No. 17b growled. "T-To think that I'd have to turn over your execution to Tullece. This is the ultimate disgrace!" And to think that there was a power stronger than me! No. 17b said to himself as he clenched his fists tightly. How could have this have happened! "Still," No. 17b said as he started to descend back to the ground, "orders are orders even if I disagree with them. I'll let Tullece take care of you." Then he took a quick look at the Mahora group. An evil smirk appeared on his face as he thought up a new plan. At least I will do some damage to Son Gohan even if it isn't physical. "But I can't let it end with me withdrawing like this."

Gohan's eyes widened once he saw where No. 17b was heading. "Crap, Negi-san and the others!" Gohan exclaimed as he realized that No. 17b was heading towards the Mahora group. Even though one of his arms was disabled, the dark haired artificial human still posed an incredible threat to the safety of the Mahora group. No. 17b then flew down at great speed towards Negi and the others. The Mahora group stood motionless, scared as they gasped at the sight No. 17b approaching their position. A blue ki sphere appeared in the artificial human's good arm as it was the same attack that he had used earlier on Gohan. While Gohan wasn't hurt by the attack, Negi and the others wouldn't be so lucky. Gohan chased after the dark haired artificial human. "It's no use! I won't make it in time!" He exclaimed. I have no choice! Gohan said to himself.

"KAIO-KEN!" screamed the demi-saiyan. Tullece's eyes widened when he saw a crimson aura surround the demi-saiyan. That technique! Tullece said to himself. He used that before during the Budokai! He and Kakarotto used it! So that is the Kaio-ken then? Once the demi-saiyan warrior was engulfed by the crimson aura, he sped quickly through the air, launching at No. 17b. He charged down at the dark haired artificial human and double-punched him in the back, sending poor No. 17b in pain towards the ground. Using the Kaio-ken, Gohan quickly landed on the ground and caught No. 17b on his back. The artificial human was in deep pain as Gohan threw him onto the ground in front of Tullece.

"Damn," No. 17b said in extreme pain. He didn't realize that Gohan had a technique like that up his sleeve. He felt so weak now!

Gohan let out a sigh as he looked at Tullece. "He won't be able to fight anymore," Gohan said, referring to the broken artificial human on the ground. "Take him, and get yourselves off of Earth, right now." Everyone gaped at the sight. Almost everyone knew what kind of technique Gohan had just used, but seeing it in action like that was simply incredible. Tullece, meanwhile, gritted his teeth in frustration. Gohan was definitely stronger there was no question but by how much. It didn't matter really to the Saiyan. After all, he still had an ace up his sleeve. Still, Tullece said to himself, He should provide some good entertainment if I were to transform.

"T-Tullece… h-help me…" pleaded the broken down artificial human as he lifted his arm to have Tullece help up and onto his feet. Tullece responded in kind as he grabbed No. 17b's hand. No. 17b let out a smile, appreciating the kindness that Tullece was showing. "T-Thanks…"

"Hmph, not at all," Tullece responded with an evil smirk on his face. He then tightened his grip on No. 17b's hand, squishing it a bit. Suddenly, Tullece lifted the dark haired artificial human off the ground and into the air like he was an ordinary rag doll! Everyone gasped at the sight! What was Tullece doing or was going to do?

No. 17b was thinking along those lines as he was thrown up into the sky. "W-What are you doing! Tullece!" No. 17b screamed as he flew across the sky, moving at an incredible rate. Everyone's eyes were wide open at scene. What did Tullece have planned and why did he throw his subordinate like that? Suddenly, Tullece's entire body started to be surrounded by blue electric currents. They weren't the same as Gohan's was earlier when he transformed into his Mystic form but nonetheless, they didn't look very friendly.

Tullece pointed his electrified body at the flying artificial human. "I have no need for a subordinate who can't move!" shouted the evil Saiyan. Incredible gusts of wind were emanating from the Saiyan, causing everyone, including Gohan to cover themselves up.

"W-What ki!" Gohan said. He didn't realize that Tullece had increased that much in strength from the last time. This could mean trouble. He tried the best he could to cover everyone from the incoming blast that Tullece was about to lash out. He spread his arms out and formed a ki shield to protect everyone.

Tullece grinned. The attack was ready to be unleashed. "Die!" shouted the Saiyan as he launched a body ki attack at the flying artificial human. No. 17b was quickly engulfed by the blast, unable to move. He was going to die!

"T-Tullece!" screamed out No. 17b. He looked down momentarily to see Tullece laughing as he was ready to finally finish him. Kuso! No. 17b said to himself. I will get you for this! But he couldn't do anything as the blast quickly engulfed the poor artificial human and causing a great explosion up in the air. The result was catastrophic. No. 17b was no more, killed by Tullece's own hand. Once the dust cloud dissipated, Tullece turned around to see if Gohan and the others had survived his blast. Luckily they did as Gohan had successfully formed a ki shield to protect Negi and the others from the blast. Tullece stared at the demi-saiyan warrior with a grin on his face, impressed at his skill.

Everyone stood up, making sure that they were okay. Once they had checked they were okay, they looked to see if No. 17b was still around. He wasn't which caused the girls gaped in shock. "H-H-He's a monster!" Asuna exclaimed. "He even killed his own buddy!" Gohan gritted his teeth and clenched his fists. He didn't think that Tullece was going to be that strong. Things were not looking good.

"What are we going to do?" asked Nodoka, worried about their safety.

"Negi-san, Asuna-san, Setsuna-san, Konoka-san, everyone, I want you all to get as far away as possible," Gohan stated, getting surprised looks from the Mahora group.

"But Gohan-san we can't leave you behind!" cried the boy teacher. "We need you to come with us back to the past."

Gohan's eyes widened a bit at the statement. "Go back to the past?" repeated the demi-saiyan.

Everyone nodded. "Chao-san put a delayed spell on Negi-sensei's watch, sending us one week forward into the future," explained Yue. "She thought that was the best option in order not to fight against Negi-sensei."

"Right now, we found a way to go back to the past by using the remains of the World Tree's magic and combine it with Aniki's Cassiopeia," Chamo added as he sprang up on Negi's shoulder. "We were on our way to the center of the World Tree when we were stopped by him."

"I see," Gohan said. "That makes a lot of sense. I had wondered why the area around us felt so strange after we had come out of Evangeline-san's resort but now I understand. Still, you guys should get going and go back to the past without me."

"But Gohan, we need you to come back with us," pleaded Asuna. "That guy Tullece had placed machines to stop the magic of the World Tree from escaping but it is close to the time limit to which the machines can hold out. What happens if the machines break and you can't come back to the past? Then what?"

Gohan's eyebrows frowned at the thought. "I'll figure something out," the demi-saiyan said. "Besides, I have to beat him, at any rate, no matter what."

Asuna gasped. She couldn't allow this to happen. "Then I'll stay too!" stated the orange haired girl as she started to pull out her artifact. But before she could say the words to activate the pactio, a hand coming from Kaede stopped her. "K-Kaede-san…?"

"Asuna-dono," Kaede said. "He's too much for us. We won't be of any help if we stick around here. And our being here will just distract Gohan-kun, and make him worry over us."

"Really, Gohan-san?" questioned the boy teacher as he looked at Gohan's face.

"Sorry about that," Gohan replied as a nervous sweat appeared on the demi-saiyan's face. "It looks like his strength is greater than I thought."

"But how will you get home?" Asuna questioned, her tone was worried and almost heartbroken. "If we leave now you'll never be able to get back. You'll be stuck here. You'll–" Suddenly, Asuna felt a pinch on her neck. Her eyes began to close as she fell into a daze. Everyone gasped when they saw that Gohan had done the strike.

"I'm sorry about this Asuna-san," muttered the demi-saiyan as he caught the falling orange haired girl. He gave Asuna to Kaede, allowing the Mahora ninja to carry her. "You guys should go now while there is still time," said the demi-saiyan. "I'll apologize to Asuna-san later."

The group was unsure on how to respond. Gohan was being really serious here. If they didn't go now, they were going to miss their chance to go back to the past. "O-Okay, I understand," Negi said, bowing his head in sadness. Suddenly, he felt a pat on the head from the demi-saiyan's hand.

"Don't worry Negi-san," Gohan said as he ruffled the boy teacher's hair. "Everything is going to be all right. I promise."

"What are you waiting for?" Tullece called out, looking directly at Son Gohan as well as grabbing his attention. "What happened to all that enthusiasm you had a moment ago? Have you lost your nerve and decided to huddle up and run away?"

"Looks I gotta get going," Gohan said as he looked sternly at the Saiyan. "Don't worry everyone. I will be back with you guys in no time. I promise that I'll live through this battle and once the fight is over, I am going to take everyone out for lunch."

"You better!" cheered Haruna. "You still owe me lunch remember?" Gohan smiled, indicating that he hadn't forgotten about it. Haruna smiled, glad Gohan had remembered.

"And you still owe me a tour of the festival Gohan-sensei," added Setsuna. "You promised that we would go out sometime."

"I remembered Setsuna-san," replied Gohan. "Now go everyone."

Everyone then gave their cheers of good luck to the demi-saiyan as they started to go into the cave and back towards the center roots of the World Tree. Before they could go any further, Negi turned his head around which caused everyone to stop. "Gohan-san," Negi spoke up, grabbing the demi-saiyan's attention, "sorry about always having to leave our fate up to you alone. Don't you dare go dying now. Come back to us safely." Gohan gave a nod in response as well as thumbs up to the group. Gohan then walked towards the evil Saiyan Tullece and stood in front of him as everyone went into the cave.

The Saiyan let out a grin, happy to see that Gohan was going to fight him. This should be fun. "It looks like you realize that there's no use in running away," Tullece said.

"Tullece, I want you to promise me that you won't harm my friends as they make the jump to the past," Gohan demanded. "In return, I will fight to the fullest of my abilities."

"Suit yourself," Tullece responded. "I don't really care about those brats. All I want is you Son Gohan! Now let us begin our long awaited battle!" Tullece said he positioned himself in his fighting pose.

"Let's," responded Gohan as he did the same thing. The stage was set as this battle was sure going to be epic of biblical proportions.



* * *



Underneath Mahora Academy…

The Mahora group ran across the corridors of the tunnels. As they were running, Konoka looked back one last time at the hole that Tullece had made at the start of the fight. "Konoka-san," Negi said. "We should get going. We've turned over the fate of the Earth to him."

"But Negi-kun, I should go and…"

"It'll be all right Ojou-sama," Setsuna interrupted. "Gohan-sensei promised us that he would come back. You have to have faith in him that he will fulfill his promise. Plus this is Gohan-sensei. When has he not come back to us?"

Konoka gave a nod in response as she wiped away her tears. "You're right Se-chan," said the girl. "We should get going. We wouldn't want to disappoint Gohan-kun and not stop Chao's plan from being achieved." Konoka walked ahead of Negi and Setsuna, with the swordswoman letting out a smile as the group went to the center of the World Tree to go back to the past.



* * *



Author's note: Hey everyone! Hope you guys enjoyed the chapter! I really liked writing this particular chapter especially after the battle against the Negima crew in the last one. If you are curious on what a Kurezec means, look at the top of the chapter. I have explained it there. Anyways, the stage is set for an epic battle between Gohan and Tullece! Who will come out on top? Find out next week!

READ AND REVIEW! I love hearing from everyone! A minute of your time is all it takes to write a review! See ya around! Peace!





*Chapter 40*: Battle Between Saiyans!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. Dragon Ball belongs to Akira Toriyama and Negima! Magister Negi Magi belongs to Ken Akamatsu.

Author's note: Hey everybody! How are you all doing? I'm doing great. It is finally getting warmer! Yay! Finally! Anyways, we have come to the battle between Tullece and Gohan. Should be epic! XD

I want to thank theprincedonte for beta-read this chapter! And now I present to everyone Chapter 40 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 40: Battle between Saiyans! Son Gohan, form the Genki Dama!

Negi and the girls had appeared back in the right time thanks to the time machine, sadly they weren't on the ground. "KYAA!" the girls shouted as they fell from where they appeared in the sky. As they made their descent they spotted a roof and Negi did some magic to slow it down. As they touched down onto the roof the girls gave a cry of joy.

"Yeah, we made it back!" Haruna shouted.

"Look the parade is still happening!" Chisame pointed out. "It's 8 in the morning of the final day."

"Then everything was a success!"

"How did we end up in the sky though?" Setsuna asked.

"Maybe there was a bit of discrepancy in the dimensional targeting when we jumped over such a long period of time," Yue explained. "I've heard that a big jump requires exact calculations and special equipment."

"Just be happy we didn't end up in a rock," Haruna commented. "But now we can get back at Chao." All of a sudden Negi fainted. "NEGI-SENSEI!" the group shouted.

"We need to hurry him to somewhere safe. I think he needs some rest de gozaru," Kaede suggested. All the girls agreed and nodded their heads. Kaede put him on her shoulders along with Asuna and signaled that she was ready to go.

A few minutes later, the group found themselves in the library and away from the festival. "Do you think someone will come in here?" asked Setsuna as Kaede laid both Negi and Asuna somewhere comfortable.

Yue shook her head. "Unlikely," she responded. "I don't think anyone will here during the festival. All Library-related events are on Library Island, and none of the clubs are using this one."

"I see," Setsuna said.

"How is Negi-sensei doing?" Nodoka asked as she was worried on Negi's condition which at the moment didn't look so well. She wasn't the only one as Yue and the others were worried too.

"He probably used up all his magic for the extended time jump," explained Setsuna. "I'm sure he'll be fine after resting for a few hours." Everyone breathe a sigh of relief.

Negi opened his eyes weakly as he looked at everyone. "I-I'm sorry," panted Negi. "This is such an important time and with Gohan-san not here…"

Then suddenly, Asuna shot straight up from her lying position. "GOHAN!" she screamed, panting a bit after the shock. Once she settled in, the orange haired girl glanced around and noticed that they were in the library and not in the caves. She noticed that a particular demi-saiyan was not present. "Hey where is Gohan?"

Everyone glanced away, unsure on how to respond to her question. Kaede decided to be the one to speak up. "Asuna-dono, Gohan-kun stayed back in the future," stated the Mahora Ninja. Asuna's eyes flung wide open. He did what!

"Then take me back!" Asuna cried as she stood up and tried to plead with everyone. "We have to go back and help him! We got to do something! Gohan might die!" Then suddenly, Asuna received a slap in the face from an unexpected person…Setsuna! "S-Setsuna-san?"

"Asuna-san," Setsuna said, "I know how you feel. But we would be no match for that Saiyan. Besides, Gohan-sensei promised us that he would come back. When has Gohan-sensei ever broken a promise?" Asuna was about to retort back but stopped when she noticed that there were a few tears in her eyes. Asuna realized that Setsuna also wanted to go back and help their assistant teacher not because he was facing against a powerful opponent, but because they wanted to be at his side and protect him from harm.

"Setsuna-san…"

"S-Setsuna-san is right," panted Negi, grabbing the orange haired girl's attention. "Gohan-san did promise us he would come back. So let's have faith in him. We have left the fate of the future in his hands." Asuna wasn't sure on how to respond as she remained silent. She definitely wanted to be at Gohan's side and even though she would prove no match against Tullece, at least she wanted to be at the demi-saiyan's side and do something. Finally, she gave up.

"You're right," Asuna said in defeat. "I'm sorry for my outburst."

"Don't worry about it Asuna," Konoka said as she gently patted the orange haired girl's shoulder. "Gohan-kun will be all right. He did promise us that he would come back."

Asuna nodded. "He sure did," said Asuna. "And if he doesn't, I'll make sure that he will get a beating of a lifetime for breaking that promise." Everyone laughed at Asuna's statement as the tension between the group died down. Asuna then looked at Negi who was panting heavily. She grabbed a blanket and covered the boy teacher. "In the meantime, you should get some rest. Chao-san's not going to pull anything until the afternoon, right? We're fine." Negi nodded as he dozed off into a nap.

Meanwhile, Chamo began to ponder on why the jump was so large. "The original plan was to do a series of short jumps with a lot of rest in between to travel back a week in time," said the ermine. "So how did this happen?"

"Could it be a side effect of using the magic at the base of the World Tree?" questioned Yue.

"It seems a bit too convenient that we'd get back to the final day of the festival like this," added Chisame. Then, suddenly the girl realized something. "Wait a second! Could this be part of Chao's plan!"

"It can't be!" responded Yue. "I think we're over-analyzing the situation."

"The scary part is that we can't know for sure," Chamo said as he hopped down from Yue's hat and onto the table. He then gathered the girls around the table as he said, "Either way, we made it back to the final day of the festival. We still have a few hours. Let's come up with a strategy to stop Chao Lingshen and Tullece."

Everyone nodded. "Right!"

"So…how do we do this?" Asuna questioned.

"I'll go over the information that Aniki got from the magical teachers," Chamo said as he pulled out a sheet of paper that had the words 'Aniki's notes' written on it. "Around 7 p.m., Chao takes over 6 magical hotspots around the World Tree using 2, 500 robots and 6 gigantic tanks. Next, she creates a large magic circle with a diameter of 3 km," explained the ermine. "She plans to cast a forced recognition spell on the entire world using the magic circle!"

"2, 500 robots?" Asuna questioned.

"T-That's a lot…" stated Setsuna.

"What about Tullece and his two goons?" Chisame asked. "They are sure to show up as well."

"That is true," Chamo said. "It's going to pretty tough; there is a guarantee of that."

"Are we going to be all right?" Asuna questioned. "I mean, the only one that could easily defeat those two is Gohan and he is stuck in the future! How are we going to beat them!"

"Look, no one said it was going to be easy," Chamo stated. "According to this information, we have defense strategy. Basically, we have to protect the hotspots. We just need to protect one of the six locations to prevent the giant spell from being cast," explained the ermine. "And that's only the defensive part of the operation. We're seriously outnumbered here both in numbers and in strength. Honestly, we can only protect it for so long even with Goku-san and the other's help. We also need a plan of attack."

The ermine then looked at Yue, indicating that it was her turn to talk. She took out her artifact which in turn wasn't a beginner's book but rather an encyclopedia of magic! "This large-scale spell that will affect the entire world can't be cast without the enormous magic circle. In order for the spell to be activated, the spellcaster would need ten minutes for complex rituals, plus the incantation," Yue explained. "In addition, this large a magic spell would require the caster to be in a wide-open place without a ceiling or other physical obstacles in order to perform the ritual. Similar to the situation with Konoka-san during the school trip. Chao-san's probably the spellcaster. She'll need to be somewhere in the open within the magic circle for at least ten minutes before the spell is cast."

"That'll be the perfect opportunity for us," Chamo said. "So, this is how our plan will go…as long as we protect one of the magical hotspots, the large spell can't activate. While that's going on, another group will find Chao Lingshen and capture her. In the meantime, we will have Gohan-nii's friends handle Tullece and the two goons. Once we accomplish in capturing Chao, we win! How's that for a plan!"

"It's not bad," stated Setsuna. "I mean, there's not much more we can do."

"The question is whether we can find Chao-dono within a three kilometer area in time de-gozaru," added Setsuna. "That's gonna be hard."

"I doubt Chao expects us to be able to travel a week back in time," the ermine quickly responded. "We'll have to count on the element of surprise."

"W-Wait…Chamo-kun," panted Negi, getting surprised looks from everyone.

"Aniki!" Chamo exclaimed in surprise.

"I think…your plan is a good one, but, I don't think…that's going to be enough," panted Negi.

"What did you have in mind Negi?" asked Asuna. A few minutes later, Negi told everyone on his plan and let's just say that they were completely surprised on the plan that the boy teacher came up with.

"WHAT!" exclaimed everyone.

"Are you serious Aniki!" questioned the ermine.

"Are you we can do that!" exclaimed Haruna, drool appearing at the side of her mouth from the excitement. "I mean, that sounds kinda interesting!"

"It's a bold plan," said Setsuna.

"I see de-gozaru," added Kaede, the Mahora ninja. "That would definitely take Chao-dono by surprise, but is it feasible?"

"Every year, the main sponsor of the event is the Yukihiro Conglomerate," responded Negi.

"It's quite unexpected," Asuna said. "I never thought I'd hear a plan like that from you."

"Asuna-san," Negi said. "Do you think Gohan-san would think that I'm despicable for suggesting such a plan? I would involve the general public and impose on Iincho."

"You dummy," Asuna said as she softly hit Negi on the head. "Why would Gohan think less of you? It is a really good plan."

"Yeah, this is a festival after all!" Haruna joined in. "I'm sure everyone will want to get involved!"

"I love it, Aniki!" shouted the ermine happily.

"I'm sure the Iincho would be happy to help you, Negi-kun," Konoka said.

Negi beamed with a smile. "Great!" he said. "Asuna-san, will you go and talk to the Iincho for me?"

Asuna flinched. "Me?" she questioned. "Talk to the Iincho?"

Negi nodded. "Konoka-san and Chamo-kun, I need you to talk to the headmaster," ordered the boy teacher. Konoka and the ermine nodded in response. "Setsuna-san, I need you to go and talk with Goku-san and the others and tell them what is going on?" Setsuna gave a nod. "Haruna-san, Yue-san, and Nodoka-san. Will you do the flyers?"

"Gotcha!" Haruna said happily.

Negi smiled as he turned towards Chisame. "Chiu-san, I'd like to ask you to handle the internet related matters."

Chisame flinched a bit. She definitely didn't want to get involved but still, the future of the world depended on them. "Fine. I'll do it."

"Heh, heh, heh," chuckles the ermine. "Hey, Chiucchi, since we're on the subject, how about you and Aniki, you know…?"

"Wha?"

"I'm sure you'd get a nice internet related artifact," Chamo said with a grin on his face.

Chisame was not at the least happy. "Shut up, vermin."

"Okay, everyone," Negi said, "I'm counting on you. The future of the world depends on this mission!"

"Right!"



* * *



Meanwhile in the future…

Gohan and Tullece continued to stare at each other, holding their position. It felt like a Western stand-off between the two warriors. Then Gohan made his move. "KAIO-KEN!" With a yell of rage, Gohan shot skyward, the ground from which he took off from crumbling as a crimson aura surrounded him. It surprised Tullece a bit when he saw Gohan hurl himself straight at him at an incredible rate. Just as he was backing away and raising his hands to defend himself, Gohan came in with a powerful hook that he sent across the evil Saiyan's face. Tullece was blind sighted and knocked senseless by the blow, which sent him staggering back.

Gohan followed up that attack with a knee. He rammed the blow straight into Tullece's stomach before bringing himself up with a straight shot kick to his chin. The Saiyan was knocked back through the air, recovery at this point impossible. The demi-saiyan warrior didn't waste any time in waiting and flung himself at Tullece again, who, at this point, had finally recovered. Taking evasive action, he leapt up and flew backwards through the air in retreat. Gohan pursued, with no intention of letting his opponent escape. Tullece then looked back, seeing that Gohan was chasing him. If that be the case, he figured he would end this now.

Turning around, Tullece held out his right hand towards the approaching demi-saiyan warrior. With a growl, he charged up an attack. A fuchsia colored energy radiated from his hand for a moment but then suddenly exploded as a powerful ki blast shot out of his grasp, aimed directly at Gohan. The demi-saiyan warrior brought his right hand about and slapped it away, continuing on at top speed. With a yell, he sent another punch across Tullece's face. His right fist connected right in between the Saiyan's eyes, Tullece letting out a yell of pain and staggering back. Gohan then followed up with a left upper cut, then a right knee, a left roundhouse kick, a right hook, then a right body shot, ending it with a left elbow. The blows were deadly and precise, forcing Tullece back in a shock. Bruised and battered the Saiyan glared at Gohan for a moment and after a quick recovery, he shot at Gohan, fists raised and ready to strike. The demi-saiyan warrior charged as well, the two fighters' striking out at the same time and colliding with their elbows. A shockwave sounded and echoed, rattling the skies with the force used. Suddenly, the two fighters then disappeared, zapping into super speed and carrying their battle to a new dimension. Seconds after they had vanished, sonic explosions began ripping through the skies, both warriors breaking barriers and attacking each other without mercy.

They both flashed in and out of Super speed, locked in some sort of heated conflict or exchanging punishing blows. Gohan parried most of Tullece's lethal strikes as was Tullece doing the same. He was quite surprised at the strength that Gohan was displaying at the moment. This process picked up, the ferocity and intensity of the battle growing and growing. It was getting really dangerous now.

The earth shook as the strength the fighters applied increased. The ground cracked and split, holes being knocked into the earth due to the sonic booms going off too close to the earth. At just the right moment, two craters were punched into the earth simultaneously, both fighters flashing into focus for the moment. Then, after receiving a hook and taking it to the chest, Tullece fazed out, quickly followed by Gohan. Their fight took to the skies again and far from the cave that the Saiyan made earlier. Their fight had finally taken them to the center of Mahora city. Roofs of nearby buildings were suddenly caved in, foot marks being punches all over the woodwork. More shock waves rippled through the air, a cloud up ahead exploding when the collisions of fists got too close to it. The strength both fighters were displaying was still at its most potent.

All around Mahora, the clash between the two fighters was being felt all over the place. "Did you feel that Takamichi-kun?" the headmaster asked his friend. They were both sitting in the headmaster's office, sipping tea and wondering what was happening at the moment.

"Yes," replied the teacher. "It seems like Gohan-kun is fighting against someone, probably against Son Goku perhaps. But why did he stay behind?"

"Must be something he had to do on his own."

At another part of Mahora campus, Takane and Mei glanced around as they felt the shockwaves that were produced by the fight. "Did you feel that?" Takane asked Mei, as well as the other magical teachers helping them. "There was a large force of energy being released just now." They were all in the plaza trying to find where Negi and the others escaped to, not knowing they had gone back to the past.

"I wonder who it could be," Gandolfini mumbled. As if to answer his question, the entire group of teachers and students looked below their feet as a heat started to emanate from the ground. "Everyone move!" Doing as he said they all jumped back onto the rooftops, just as a large column of fuchsia colored energy shot out.

"Do we have anyone who can do that kind of magic onee-sama?" Mei asked.

"I don't think so," Takane replied. Just then she felt something; a tug in the air. Looking up she saw Gohan floating above her and the rest of the group. "Gohan-sensei!" she growled. Gohan, meanwhile, panted a bit, surprised that Tullece would use that attack again.

"Son Gohan," Gandolfini called out to him. Gohan's eyes widened as he looked around being surrounded by the mages. "You are under arrest." Two mages grabbed him by the arms and retrained him.

"Crap! I don't have time for this!" Gohan shouted. From out of the hole a figure shot out of it, all the people currently in the plaza looked up and saw a figure that had the similar hairstyle of Son Goku floating before them. However, Takane and Mei noticed that this figure was dressed differently from that of Goku.

"I see," Gandolfini said. "It seems that your father has come to rescue you. Perfect. Killing two birds with one stone." Gohan growled, angry that the mage was making a mistake here. "What the hell were you two doing here?" continued the mage teacher. "Trying to destroy this city?"

"Actually yes," spoke the Goku-alike, getting surprised looks from everyone. "Now if you don't mind, you are in my way!" Suddenly a fuchsia colored a ki sphere appeared in the figure's hand and shot at Gandolfini. The mage stood still, unable to move as he felt the incredible power emanating from the ki sphere. Suddenly, Gohan appeared in front of the mage teacher and batted away the ki sphere, sending it far away from the city as it crashed and caused a huge explosion. The figure was ticked off.

"S-Son Gohan…" muttered Gandolfini, surprised that the demi-saiyan warrior was able to get away from the grasp of two mages and come to his rescue so quickly. Why did the demi-saiyan stop an attack from his father? He wondered.

"Gandolfini-sensei," Gohan spoke up, grabbing the attention of the mage teacher. "That is not my father."

"Huh?" sounded everyone, surprised by the statement.

"But how can that be?" Takane questioned. "He looks like Son Goku. He even has the same hair."

"Ha ha ha ha!" laughed Tullece. "You mages are such idiots. Do you really think that I am Kakarotto, that low class Saiyan warrior! HA! Give me break! I am much better than him for I am Tullece-sama, the greatest elite Saiyan warrior to ever walk this pathetic planet!"

"T-Tullece?" repeated everyone.

"Gandolfini-sensei, Takane-san, Mei-san, everyone," Gohan spoke up. "Please get everyone in the city evacuated as soon as possible. I can't fight seriously if there are people here."

"Gohan-sensei," Takane muttered.

"Tullece here is a Saiyan who does not care about the well-being of others. I can't protect everyone while fighting him," Gohan said angrily, his fists clenched hard. Takane was surprised to see Gohan so angry. She always saw the demi-saiyan with a smile on his face. This was a different look for him and if that were the case, then this guy that Gohan was facing must be serious. "Everyone please get out, now!"

"But Gohan-sensei…!" cried out Takane, worried about the demi-saiyan's safety.

"No buts now Takane-san," Gohan said. "I need to do this alone."

"But…" Takane stopped when she felt a hand on her shoulder. Her eyes trailed up to see Takamichi smiling down at her. "Takahata-sensei?"

"Believe in your comrade and friend Takane-san," Takamichi said. He then looked up at Gohan and Tullece as he recognized the figure to be the one that killed Chao Lingshen. "Gohan-kun…"

"Yes Takamichi-san?"

"I've evacuated the entire part of the southern campus," said the mage teacher. "It is free for you to go all out without having to worry about everyone getting hurt."

Gohan let out a small smile, appreciating what Takamichi did for him. "Thank you Takamichi-san," said the demi-saiyan. "Now, get going!" Takamichi then led the other mages out of the area. When they were sure they were gone, Tullece decided to speak up with a chuckle.

"Heh heh heh, this is a clear example of why you and your father have strayed from the Saiyan path," Tullece said. "Your feelings for these inferior life forms are pathetic. You will never win against me like this."

"We'll see about that! KAIO-KEN!" Gohan cried out. Dropping back for a moment, Gohan swung his arm round and forward, firing off a golden ki blast. The blast streaked through the air causing Tullece to leap over the blast and falling a bit to lessen his altitude level. Holding out his right finger at Gohan, the Saiyan fired off five fuchsias, ki bullets that shot at his target before he vanished again. The demi-saiyan warrior appeared once more, in the path of the attacks. Ready as always, he held out his left hand and blocked the following ki attacks. They shot away like deflected blaster bolts, after which Gohan took to super speed. Just then, Tullece appeared where Gohan once floated, kicking out at thin air. He growled when he missed and began wheeling about, looking for his opponent. Then, when it appeared he had lost all sight of him, his eyes widened and he glanced up, only to receive a downward elbow from the demi-saiyan warrior. The strike knocked him senseless, sending him down to earth in splendid tumbling fashion. Seconds after the strike had been made, Tullece landed on all fours, having slowed his fall and taken control.

Glaring up into the skies and getting to his feet, Tullece, now bruised and bleeding from the mouth, let out a low growl and began searching for his target. When he sensed that Gohan was using super speed to evade him, the Saiyan fisted his hands and powered up, a purple aura bursting around him. With a yell of anger, he disappeared, ki trailing upwards before dissipating, indicating he was chasing after his opponent. A second after the Mahora residents had lost sight of both fighters; there was a series of sonic explosions ripping right above the city. It came in close, hard and fast, swooping down from the heights. Even as Gohan tried his best to keep Tullece away from the city, the fight dragged him down further. Like a machine gun tearing away at a tree, the resounding explosions of force ripped up the building, houses and stores, sending dust and debris everywhere, and punching craters into the ground. The residents screamed, running in terror. The mages tried the best they could to control the situation and evacuate the people.

Then, the trail of explosions moved up, with both fighters suddenly appearing. Gohan and Tullece were locked in a battle of colossal proportions, flurries of punches and kicks being thrown at each other. They spun round and round, shifting through the skies and breaking away every few seconds, but jumping back at their opponent to carry on with the fight. They were only visible for a minute or so, before they kicked off each other and disappeared into super speed.

There was for some time a hell of a lot of maneuvering and flying made by both opponents as a cat and mouse chase was initiated. The pursuing by one fighter changed between the two constantly, with both of them sometimes chasing each other at the same time. This soon ended after it grew tiring for them and they wanted to get into beating each other up again as the two suddenly appeared with Tullece being sent down to the ground. Powering up, the demi-saiyan warrior hooked around, his crimson aura flaring. Tullece had managed to pull himself out of his predicament and, when he saw Gohan coming at him, he threw his left hand forward and fired off five, purple ki balls. The attacks collided with their target head on, but weren't strong enough to do any damage. Gohan emerged from the cloud of smoke, yelling at the top of his lungs. Before he was in reach of his opponent, he zapped into super speed, making Tullece back off in shock. Just then, the demi-saiyan warrior appeared behind him and flipped backwards, sending a kick at the evil Saiyan's back. The blow was tremendous, sending Tullece flying across the city!

When it seemed that the Saiyan would crash into one of the buildings, he suddenly flipped, curling up into a ball and spinning towards the ground at a controlled rate. In a second, he landed, standing up straight and glaring ahead of him. Just then, Gohan landed at least 15 meters away, fists at his sides and a bleeding spots donned on his left cheek and forehead with many bruises on his body. His opponent was in an equal state, with red blood leaking from the corner of his mouth and bottom lip, with many bruises on his face and body.

From there positions, the two stared at each other, all senses on full focus. Many mage teachers were still standing around, watching the two in awe and curious to see what would happen next. After a few moments of waiting and watching, the silence was broken up when Tullece began to speak. He smirked and nodded his head, looking at Gohan with all the more interest. Reaching his right hand up, he dusted down his front, feeling a slight sting from a bruise on his upper peg.

"I must say, I'm impressed Kakabrat," the Saiyan said. "Seriously. It's been so long since I had fought a worthy opponent. You have definitely improved greatly, much more than your low-class father has. So, Son Gohan, if you kneel before me and apologize, I will allow you to join me and we can forget that this ever happened."

Gohan chuckled. "Do you really think that I'll join after what you did to my friends?" stated the demi-saiyan warrior. "Sorry. I'll say no to the offer. I will never join you Tullece. But let me tell you this. You can leave this planet and keep your pride. There is no shame in running away."

"Hahahaha!" laughed the evil Saiyan as he crossed his arms in front of his chest. "You are exactly like your father. Always showing kindness to your enemies. That is a weakness that has made him fall of from the righteous Saiyan path. Mercy towards your enemies will not get you anywhere in this life. The strong survive and the weak perish. That is the true law of nature."

"Well, you may not like this Tullece but that is what I believe in," Gohan said. "Everyone deserves a second chance in life, even the most evil of creatures. That is what my father taught me and thus I share the same belief as he does. After all, he is a hero to this planet and the universe!"

"And look where it has gotten him," Tullece stated with a grin. "Your low-class father is dead and soon you are to be too, Kakabrat."

"Then prove it," Gohan said confidently. "So far, I have been able to keep up with you and give you damage. Plus, I still have some more in reserve. I can beat you and go back to my friends!"

"Heh heh heh," chuckles the Saiyan. "That is where you are wrong Son Gohan. To tell you the truth, I haven't been fighting to my fullest."

Gohan's eyes widened a bit. "You're lying, Tullece," spoke the demi-saiyan. "I can tell by your ki. There is no way that you haven't been fighting to the fullest."

"Just like father and son, you don't know when you are defeated," Tullece said with a grin. "I've been repeatedly eating the fruit of the Shinseiju since my defeat at the hands of your father, Kakarotto. You think you can beat me? The difference in our powers is like that of heaven and earth."

"You won't know that until you try me! I can't let you leave like this!" Gohan exclaimed. "I am going to defeat you Tullece if it is the last thing that I do!"

"Very well," Tullece said as he unfolded his arms. "Then consider yourself lucky that you get to witness my true power. The power of a true super-elite Saiyan warrior!"

With a bellowing roar, Tullece powered up with a mighty blast of wind. As soon as he began floating off of the ground, a sonic explosion occurred, punching a huge crater beneath him. The resounding shock wave spread out on an incredibly wide radius, knocking the houses outwards from the center, as well as several people off their feet. Gohan had to hold his ground when the winds reached him, waving his clothes about at its ferocity. Suddenly, at the sound of this shock wave, the demi-saiyan warrior watched as Tullece began to undergo an astounding transformation.

The Saiyan's body began to tremble. It was like he was having a seizure. However, as this strange shaking began, bursts of wind began to explode from out of him, sending dust and debris flying at a rhythmical rate before it transformed into a gale. As the winds increased in strength, forcing people to take cover again, the real changes in Tullece began. A golden aura shot up and funneled like a tornado, drawing in an incredible amount of debris and dust. It whirled around him, his energy level soaring. The crater beneath him grew at a phenomenal rate with the increase of the winds of energy radiating off of him. Gohan gasped in shock when another shock wave hit him. The clouds above Tullece began to circulate around him like a hurricane, the energy he was producing messing up the planet's regular weather patterns. Then, as his yell reached its loudest and the scene turned to its most climactic point, Tullece's hair stood and stiffened, flashing a bright, luminous gold. This was followed up by a sudden define in his muscle span and the change of his eye color from black to jade. The scream had finally ended, leaving the entire area in ruins with a whole new Saiyan warrior standing in the original Tullece's place.

As Gohan's eyes fell upon the newly transformed Tullece, his mouth dropped and he stepped back, shocked. Tullece had transformed into a Super Saiyan! He looked like a mirror image of Son Goku in his Super Saiyan transformation! Though the transformation was incredible, the energy level he emitted was amazing! The mage teachers and residents stared in horror at the Super Saiyan Tullece floating above the crater, debris swirling around him as if it had gotten in the funnel of a tornado. They could hardly believe their eyes at what was taking place, especially after seeing the same transformation happen at the Mahora Budokai. Now they had their doubts about whether Gohan could handle the Saiyan warrior.

"I-Impossible!" Gohan exclaimed, unable to believe what he was seeing. "W-When did you become a Super Saiyan!"

"Heh, surprised aren't you?" Tullece grinned, showing off the same jade colors as all Super Saiyans do as he was encased in a blazing golden aura. "When I thought on how your father transformed into a Super Saiyan, I said to myself that if a low class warrior like Kakarotto could do it then so could I. As I mentioned before, I had been eating the fruit of the Shinseiju but while I was eating, I was trying to find ways to transform. It wasn't easy as over the years, it kept getting harder and harder to transform. That was when, a year ago, I suddenly picked up an energy reading while I was on a distant planet, eating the fruit. It was an incredible reading and so massive that I couldn't believe it! And what's worse, I had recognized it to be Kakarotto's!" Gohan's eyes widened a bit when Tullece said that. Then he realized to what Tullece was mentioning. Of course! Gohan said to himself. That was when Dad transformed into a Super Saiyan 3 during his fight against Majin Boo! That power was indeed incredible! I even felt it when I was training with Kaioshin-sama. It was amazing!

"I was so furious!" Tullece continued while he looked at his hand, clenching it. "So angry and furious at the fact that I, an elite warrior, wasn't able to transform into the legendary warrior, when a low class fighter like your father was able to do it! And not only him but Vegeta as well! It infuriated me! And that's when it happened. Suddenly, my mind went blank as I suddenly felt an influx of amazing energy coming from within myself. My cries of anger shook the entire planet and caused the Shinseiju tree that I was sitting on to be completely destroyed! After I calmed myself down, I realized that I had transformed into a Super Saiyan! It was the greatest feeling ever! It took me a while to achieve this transformation but I did it. At long last, the true Saiyan has risen again to his rightful place as ruler of the universe!"

Gohan gritted his teeth. A nervous sweat began to appear on the demi-saiyan's face. This was something that Gohan didn't expect. The tables have now turned against him. I may not survive this fight after all, Gohan said to himself. I'm sorry everyone but I am going to have push my body to the limit again. I have to defeat Tullece in order for this world to have peace. So don't be mad at me if I die, especially you Asuna-san.

Tullece grinned evilly as he got himself in a fighting pose with a blazing golden aura surrounding him. Gohan did the same as well; bring back his white blazing aura. Now, it was on. With a loud roar, Tullece launched himself at Gohan. Dust exploded behind him as his flight technique kicked into action, sending him hurling at Gohan at an incredible rate. The Super Saiyan reached Gohan and struck out before the demi-saiyan warrior could even react. Tullece drove his right fist straight into Gohan's stomach in uppercut like fashion, before flying on, dragging the boy with him. A couple of the mage teachers, mostly from Takane and Mei, and the residents of Mahora cried out in fright when they saw the demi-saiyan warrior get pummeled. The Super Saiyan warrior's flight path was marked by the ground collapsing in the areas where he had flown over. A massive, crevice like trench was punched into the road as Tullece flew across it, his fist still impaling Gohan's torso.

Debris and dust flew as Tullece pushed Gohan all the way to the other side of the city, the two of them going straight through a store. Gohan went in back first, with his opponent forcing him on with his fist still buried into his gut. Already he was feeling intense waves of pain flooding into him. As soon as the two emerged on the other side, the store collapsed behind them. Seconds later, Tullece slowed himself down a bit, watching Gohan fly next to him out of control, and looking pretty beat up now. Then, while still in flight, Tullece cranked the same arm back he used to hit Gohan, before sending it forward in the form of a punishing power punch. He sent Gohan flying on with more damage added to him. The demi-saiyan warrior flew straight into a distant mountain, the stone structure collapsing into a pile of rubble. Tullece hooked to the right, watching for a second as the mountain collapsed before chasing after him. The two of them disappeared into the cloud of dust and debris.

As the stone complex continued to fall and crumble, the dust cloud at the very top parted as Gohan flew up and out, aura flaring. Unbelievable! Gohan said to himself as he panted a bit for air. I didn't think that Tullece would increase this much in power! I better step it up! "KAIO-KEN!" cried out Gohan as a crimson aura surrounded the demi-saiyan warrior. Then, glaring down at the mountain he was just sent into, the demi-saiyan attempted to track his opponent. Unfortunately, he wasn't fast enough when suddenly; Tullece appeared above him at speeds far greater than his own. Gohan looked up, still flying, just in time to see the Super Saiyan warrior pull back his left leg and send it at him in the form of a roundhouse kick. Gohan was hit straight in the ribs, the blow tremendous and causing a sonic explosion to occur. He felt his organs were ruptured as he was sent flying in the direction of the city again 500 meters away. When he was sent away with that blow, Tullece followed on, catching up with Gohan easily.

Coming up above him, he pulled both his fists up, lacing his fingers before sending it straight down in a powerful hammer strike. He struck Gohan, hard, sending him plummeting into the streets below. The demi-saiyan warrior disappeared in a shower of dust and debris, as if a land mine had just gone off. Tullece returned to a regular standing position, floating high above the ground and watching the dust settle below. He chuckled evilly, amused at the sight.

As soon as the dust settled, revealing a huge crater amassed with upturned rubble and dirt, the ground began to tremble. Suddenly, as residents around the crater parted, another small explosion occurred, this time many meters away from the newly made landmark. A white, glowing figure emerged from the shower of dirt, shooting skywards and stopping to level at Tullece's altitude. He stopped right after he reached that height. Tullece saw the figure appear and grinned. "Well… back for more I see, Kakabrat?"

Looking at Gohan, you could see that he was in an even worse state than ever. His top had been torn in two, with only the left half remaining up. The right side had been torn away, revealing half of his chiseled, upper body. He was bruised and battered all over, bleeding from the corner of his lip and was panting slightly. A white aura shone brightly around him, with his fists clenched. When he heard the Super Saiyan's comment, he growled through gritted teeth before relaxing his expression to a tight scowl. His eye twitched.

"That's it!" he stated "KAIO-KEN TIMES TWO!" His aura suddenly flashed a brilliant crimson aura and the demi-saiyan shot at the Super Saiyan warrior. With a yell, he charged at full speed, intent on putting damage on the Saiyan.

As soon as he reached the Super Saiyan, Gohan lashed out at him with an up-sideward strike, forcing Tullece to side step it. He then struck out sideways, with the alien ducking that and moving to the demi-saiyan warrior's left. Picking up the pace, Gohan continued lashing out at the Super Saiyan fighter, only missing as he slowly backed away. Then, with a final stab move, Gohan sent the Saiyan leaping back. Tullece took his usual standing stance, watching his opponent catch his breath. After which, he powered up some more, raising his ki and charging. Gohan sent a straight, left jab at Tullece, followed by a right body shot, a left hook, a right punch, a left punch and then a right hook. The Super Saiyan dodged them all, moving from left to right while backing away. Gohan continued on with his assault, sending a left roundhouse kick aimed for the Super Saiyan's head. Tullece ducked, and straightened, watching as Gohan came back with a right, follow up roundhouse kick. He parried that one before moving in and sending a straight punch of his own. The demi-saiyan warrior yelled and leapt away, a crimson aura still flaring. He avoided the attack barely. When he did and saw Tullece pull back into a stance, the demi-saiyan warrior attacked, charging at full speed.

Knowing that he would strike his opponent at the rate he was pulling back into a stance, Gohan prepared to send his punch in. Just then faster than he could even see, Gohan received a powerful upper cut into his stomach, this one making him reel over and stop his attack instantaneously. His aura dissipated at this, with Tullece grabbing the demi-saiyan warrior's hair and lifting him up. Pulling back his free, right fist, he began sending punches into the demi-saiyan, one after another across the face and in the stomach. Gohan was ruthlessly pounded, blood flying from his mouth whenever he was struck with a really punishing blow. After about 30 torture blows, Tullece released Gohan, having tossed him in the air a bit and watched him fall. Then, pulling back his right fist, he sent a hook, turning into a punch, straight into the demi-saiyan warrior's stomach. It was like setting up a baseball swing. The blow was tremendous, sending Gohan flying into the distance.

Everyone gasped at the sight as the two fighters didn't know that the entire population of the school was watching them duke it out, thanks to a little magic from the headmaster. The ones mostly wrapped up in the fight was the class of 3-A. They were all watching it in Ayaka's mansion in a big TV room. At first they thought that Gohan was fighting against his father due to the familiar appearance. But later they realized when they saw Tullece show off his grin, they immediately knew that it wasn't Son Goku. It was an impostor. They continued to watch as their assistant teacher was tortured by the Super Saiyan warrior, making them wince. "I...I don't think I can watch this," Chizuru stated before looking away.

"Chizu-nee," Natsumi tried consoling her friend.

"I knew that Gohan-sensei could fight, but the fact that he is an alien is shocking to me," Ayaka stated.

"I still think Gohan-sensei and Negi-sensei are cool!" Fuuka and Fumika stated at the same time.

"Gohan-kun..." Misa said, her hands were together as if in prayer. "Please be safe." The other two cheerleaders placed their hands on her shoulders as if to reassure her. It had been a week since Misa had broken up with her boyfriend and a week since she had come to terms with her feelings for Gohan.

"Guys!" Makie shouted. The entire class looked at their classmate who was shouting. "Yuna is missing!"

Meanwhile, the Super Saiyan warrior followed, shooting through the air and reaching his target within seconds. When he reached Gohan, he forward flipped, sending his right heel into Gohan's back in a spin kick. The blow struck the demi-saiyan in the stomach, sending him plummeting again. When the spiky haired boy hit the ground, the impact wasn't as great. He just formed a small crater that shook the ground and sent dust hurling into the air. Landing top part first, he engraved a slight outline of his body, cracks extending out from it. As soon as the dust settled it appeared he was unconscious. But the slight tremor in his limbs indicated he was still in this game.

Tullece landed on the same main road up ahead, back turned to where the demi-saiyan had landed. He glared ahead of him, chuckling at how easy this fight was turning out.

"It appears that I have won this round. And here I had hoped that you would entertain me some more Son Gohan," he stated. "Where was all that energy that you showed earlier when you fought against the two artificial humans?" Just then, Gohan began pushing himself onto his knees. Holding his position there, he chocked and coughed, throwing up blood before eventually staggering to his feet. He felt like he was hit by a train, his vision slightly blurred but recovering when his strength returned. Shaking his head and wobbling a bit, he took a stance. Gritting his teeth, he glared at Tullece's back, seeing him turn a bit and glance behind him. His eyes furrowed.

Gohan trembled on the spot, still angered by the fact that even with the Kaio-ken times two; he was still incapable of taking on the Saiyan. After a moment of standing there, he took a step forward, only to see Tullece turn side on to him and raise his right arm up towards him. His index finger extended and then, there was a purple go. Like bullets being fired from a pistol, purple, small ki balls began shooting straight at Gohan from Tullece's finger. They shot out faster than machine gun rounds, catching Gohan's attention. The demi-saiyan leapt into the air, avoiding the first barrage that struck the ground beneath him and past the empty air space he once was, striking some distant hills. The crater beneath him lit up with a series of small explosions, before erupting upwards. Gohan was already sky high by that time and was flying straight for Tullece. With a growl, the demi-saiyan warrior pulled his right fist back, a blue glow emitting from the spaces between his fingers. With a yell, he threw his attack straight at Tullece. The energy broke up into blue shards that shot for the Super Saiyan warrior at speeds of shrapnel. The Saiyan just watched as the attack headed towards him and as they struck the ground around him.

There was a tremendous burst of light occurred as the ground lit up in a ball of fire. Simultaneous explosions occurred, consuming Tullece whole in a fiery bombardment. The orange flames leapt into the air, shaping into a mushroom like explosion. It lit up the skies and illuminated the city, everyone staring at the sight in awe. Within seconds the fire fell back to a blaze on the ground where many craters and holes had been punched. Gohan kept his right hand held down towards the area, teeth gritted as he watched and waited to see what would happen next. When it seemed that he had terminated his opponent, he got the biggest shock of his life when Tullece suddenly burst out from the fire, charging straight at Gohan. With a loud yell he hooked at the demi-saiyan with his left, clothes lining him.

Gohan was knocked back by the blow, for which Tullece continued by dropping behind him and sending a right roundhouse kick at his side. This blow hurled Gohan across the skies with new bruises. More waves of pain shot through him like cold water over a rock, but not enough to cripple him. The demi-saiyan eventually stopped on his own using his energy to halt his flight. Upon recovery, Gohan took a stance and looked up to where Tullece had attacked him at least 100 meters away, only to see him charging at him again. In a split second, the Super Saiyan warrior was upon him, and Gohan was struck in the gut when Tullece thrust his right knee into him. This was followed up by a left elbow to the back that sent Gohan downwards and into the streets of Mahora city. When he landed, he crashed spray legged in a newly formed crater. He was in shock, and was especially winded. Upon seeing his opponent's impact with the ground, Tullece followed through by falling through the air, foot first and landing directly on Gohan's stomach, ramming him deeper into the earth. The blow shook the ground and ruptured Gohan's internal system. The demi-saiyan coughed up blood before letting out a cry of agony. A second later, he fell into a semi-conscious state, trembling and unable to move.

Tullece stepped off of him, chuckling evilly as he glared down at the battered demi-saiyan. "Ha! So this is all the power that you have Kakabrat? You are indeed the son of a low class warrior. Pathetic," the Saiyan said. He spat to the side before again glaring hatefully back down at the demi-saiyan, eyes in jade color. "Well, I guess this leaves one more task left to complete. Enslave this planet and…huh?"

He had thought he had killed the demi-saiyan, but then when he saw Gohan choke and tremble, he couldn't help but feel overly shocked. When this realization crossed Tullece's mind, he grinned and chuckled, hands on his hips. "Ahh…still alive…well I guess I'll just have to make sport of this…"

Reaching down with his left hand, he picked the demi-saiyan warrior up by the collar and held him in at chest height. From here he stared at the limp body, taking in all the damage his opponent had suffered. After a brief moment, the Super Saiyan warrior held up his right hand and, charged up an attack. A purple ball of energy emerged, hovering above his palm and crackling dangerously. Pink electricity shot around it, with the light from the attack illuminating the entire area. Those people of the city who were watching were backing away, frightened. They knew what horror was about to take place. The Super Saiyan was going to kill the boy in cold blooded murder. Tullece grinned, holding the demi-saiyan warrior up higher just so everyone could see. "Time to die brat!"

"STOP IT!" a voice cried out, stopping Tullece's ranting and catching his attention. The Saiyan glanced down to his right towards the ground several feet away, where he spotted a girl with black hair and red eyes…Yuna. She was staring angrily up at the Super Saiyan warrior, tears in her eyes and teeth bared. Her entire body was trembling, both with anger and fear. "You leave him alone asshole!"

Tullece flinched, his attention now firmly set on Yuna rather than Gohan. He had to say, she had a lot of guts to stand up to him after watching what had transpired. "Why don't you just get back, weakling!"

Yuna wasn't shaken by his words and took a step forward. Suddenly, the entire Class 3-A appeared and watched with horror filled eyes from the sidelines, bewildered by how their classmate had reacted to this. "I won't…let you…hurt him!" she sobbed, trying to suppress her fear. Tullece growled and raised his hand toward her, the positioning changing with his index finger pointing at her instead. The purple ball of energy converted to a glowing tip on the end of his finger.

"Oh, so you want some of this! Very well then! I'll just kill you first!" Yuna let out a gasp when she saw him direct his finger towards her. The glow of purple energy fell upon her and she stepped back. She tripped over an upturned rock and fell back, crawling away slowly. Tullece grinned when he saw her reaction now. "What happened to all that spirit?" he laughed. "Good-bye!" The energy around his finger increased in brightness, beginning to flicker all the more.

Just as Tullece was launching his attack, Gohan awakened from his unconscious state and sent a powered up, left roundhouse kick into the Super Saiyan warrior's face. The blow was tremendous in relation with Gohan's state, with the blow sending Tullece staggering back and causing him to fire his attack in to the sky as he released the demi-saiyan warrior. Gohan leapt out of his grip and landed several meters away as Tullece staggered to a stop, his left cheek bruised and bottom lip bleeding.

"What the…!" Tullece growled, surprised to see that Gohan was still alive.

"Gohan-kun!" cried Yuna as she watched the demi-saiyan warrior stand up drunkenly.

Tullece gritted his teeth. "Damn, you are still alive," said the Saiyan. "Looks like you don't know when to give up."

Gohan stared at the Super Saiyan warrior, panting heavily as his body was still in great pain from both using the Kaio-ken times two and the beating that Tullece just gave him. Collecting the remaining strength that he had, he fully stood up and put his fists to the side. He turned his head to see Yuna on the ground. "Y-Yuna-san…" panted the demi-saiyan. "W-What are you doing here? I told everyone to leave. I can't protect everyone while fighting this guy." Yuna didn't respond as she suddenly ran up to him and gave him a big hug, surprising the demi-saiyan. "Y-Yuna-san?" Then immediately, she brought her face to his and kissed him deeply. Gohan was shocked and so were others present especially Tullece. The kiss was fierce, passionate and deep as if all of her feelings were being sent straight into Gohan's very being, his very soul. A bright light shone in the demi-saiyan's pocket as Gohan suddenly felt different. Not because of the kiss, which was good and was making him feel great, but he suddenly felt like there was a foreign energy that was renewing his strength. It felt…good.

Yuna step away from the demi-saiyan's face, crying softly as she placed her head on his battered chest. "Gohan-kun," said the girl. "I don't want to lose you. I don't think I can handle it if you die. My heart will perish if you die."

"But Yuna-san, you could have died here," Gohan said with a worrisome tone. "You could have gotten seriously hurt."

"But you could have died too," Yuna mumbled, crying.

"I won't die," Gohan stated, surprising the girl. "I will not die. I cannot die here! Not until I have defeated him and brought peace to Earth. It is my duty as protector of Earth just as my father did."

"Please stop fighting Gohan-kun," cried Yuna.

"But the Earth…"

"I don't care about the Earth!" interrupted Yuna. "All I care for is you Gohan-kun. I don't want to see you get hurt anymore…I-I love you too much to see you get beaten like this," she cried into his chest as she had just done her confession to the demi-saiyan. But that didn't matter to her as she felt Gohan's life was at stake. Gohan was shocked at the confession. He sighed and pushed her away a little.

"Yuna-san, thank you," said the demi-saiyan with a smile on his face. "Thank you for expressing your feelings to me. They mean a lot to me, but right now I need to finish this fight. Otherwise, the whole universe will be in jeopardy. I cannot allow him to win and kill more people. I promise Yuna-san, I will defeat him. So believe in me."

Yuna wiped her tears away as she gave a nod to the demi-saiyan. "Hai!" Yuna hugged Son Gohan once more before going back with the rest of Class 3-A. The mage teachers that were around escorted them out of the premises as Gohan watched. He exhaled a sigh of relief and looked sternly back at the Super Saiyan warrior, Tullece.

The evil Saiyan was grinning. "So that is one of your precious people that you care so deeply about?" asked Tullece. "Pathetic! If you just simply shed those human feelings and become a true Saiyan warrior like me, you wouldn't be in this mess."

Gohan gritted his teeth in anger. "Maybe so, but I am glad that I wasn't raised like a Saiyan," Gohan responded. "I'm glad that I didn't turn out like you Tullece. Cold and heartless."

A few veins appeared on the Super Saiyan's face. He was pissed. "You are making a mistake here Kakabrat," Tullece said angrily. "Just kneel before me in defeat and I promise to leave you to an inch of your life."

"Never!" shouted Gohan as new energy began to surge from within the demi-saiyan's body. "I won't allow you to harm anyone else anymore!" Then Gohan dashed forward with a blazing white aura surrounding him, surprising the Super Saiyan warrior as he was suddenly hit by a ferocious punch done by the demi-saiyan warrior. Gohan continued with his assault as he gave a devastating kick to the gut. Then, after spinning 360 degrees, he kicked Tullece in the head. Lastly, Gohan used super speed to get behind the Super Saiyan warrior to knock him down to the ground with a left hook. Tullece landed on the ground with a loud thud, creating a large crater.

Tullece was pissed. "Why you!" The Super Saiyan warrior was about to attack Gohan, but it was too late as the demi-saiyan warrior was already on top of him, giving him another devastating punch to the gut. Tullece reeled forward, spitting some bile as Gohan gave the Saiyan a kick up into the air. Using super speed, Gohan got behind the Super Saiyan once again to do a back flip kick on his shoulder, sending the poor bastard crashing to the ground. With a warrior cry, Gohan put both his hands forward as he formed a large ki sphere and sent it flying towards Tullece's position. The result was a huge explosion and a huge dust cloud.

Gohan panted as he watched the dust cloud dissipate. There was a large formation of debris on top of where Tullece should be. At the sound of a pebble falling down, the whole area was split open by rays of golden light. "RAAGH!" roared the Super Saiyan Tullece as he burst open his tomb. He immediately glared at the demi-saiyan angrily. How the hell can he still have this kind of power! Tullece asked himself angrily, wondering what the hell was going on. I was sure that he was on the ropes and losing energy. Could it be because of that…that human! Impossible! I should eliminate him right here and now by using that! I had hoped not to use till later but the damn brat has left me no choice. I doubt that Kakabrat can keep up with me at my Super Saiyan level if we were to drag this fight out, but it is better to be safe than sorry. Can't believe that he is forcing me to do this!

Tullece then floated up in the air, his face full of rage. Gohan panted heavily, not surprised that Tullece wasn't all that affect by his punches. "Man," he muttered. "I didn't think that Tullece was this tough. I might have to go beyond the Kaio-ken times two in order to beat him. I just hope that my body can hold the times three Kaio-ken before it explodes."

Tullece frowned his eyebrows more, his teeth gritting as he stared at the demi-saiyan warrior. "Kakabrat, you are very lucky today," Tullece said. "You were one of the few to have seen me transform into a Super Saiyan and survive so far. And now, you will be the first witness to this new technique that I have recently developed."

Gohan's eyes widened a bit. New technique? Gohan asked himself. What does Tullece have planned? Could it be that he knows how to transform into a Super Saiyan 2 as well? Tullece grinned as he suddenly pulled out something from within his chest plate. "I've won," said the Super Saiyan warrior as he finished pulling out a switch from his chest plate, getting a curious look from Son Gohan. The Saiyan pressed the button and suddenly the area around them began to shake. A lot! Gohan began to glance around, wondering that maybe an earthquake was passing through the area. However that wasn't it as Gohan noticed Tullece in a horse stance, growling in a loud warrior's cry. Then, Gohan noticed something come out of the ground. It was a ray of purple light and it was heading towards the Saiyan. Tullece was then surrounded by purple glow but this wasn't his normal ki aura. Gohan knew that this was something different. He could feel it.

Suddenly, the ground began to shake even more vigorously. Bright lights began to appear on the ground, creating some distinctive markings. Gohan immediately recognized those markings. His eyes had flung wide open upon this realization. No freaking way! Gohan said to himself. That is a magic circle! B-But how? Does Tullece know how to use magic? Gohan then realized something as he had picked up something. This magic circle wasn't the only one being sprung up. All of the magic circles surrounding the World Tree shone brightly. The bright light then shot out towards Tullece, engulfing him even further! Gohan couldn't believe what was happening. It would seem that Tullece was absorbing the magic from the circles and the World Tree!

Tullece grinned as he was ready. He let out a huge roar as he flung wide open his arms and legs, releasing a bright light that caused everyone, including Gohan to cover their eyes. The light was so bright and blinding that Gohan couldn't see what was happening to Tullece. The sky then began to shake as the winds around Tullece moved in weird directions as if the Super Saiyan warrior could control the weather now. It was unbelievable! After a few seconds of blinding light, it died down. Gohan opened his eyes and what he saw shocked him to the core.

Tullece was surrounded by a bright purple light. Electricity was sparking everywhere on his Super Saiyan body. To be honest, Tullece hadn't changed much in appearance, but Gohan knew better. More always, you can't judge people by appearances, because Tullece was now a completely different person than before! The power that Tullece was emitting was…unbelievable! Out of this world unbelievable! Gohan couldn't believe it! He had never encountered such a power before! "W-What the hell did you do!" shouted the demi-saiyan.

Tullece didn't respond at first as he bathed himself in his new powers. He lifted his head, looking at his hands, watching them clench and unclench. Tullece's mouth turned into a grin as he began to chuckle evilly. "Heh heh heh heh." Then it suddenly turned into a full born laughter. "Ha ha ha ha! This power is fucking amazing! This is truly incredible!" Tullece boasted. Gohan's body began to tremble a bit. Tullece wasn't lying in his boast. His power had skyrocketed to incredible heights!

"Tullece, what did you do?" Gohan asked again.

Tullece chuckled some more before he looked at the demi-saiyan. "You should have joined me when you had the chance, Kakabrat," said the Saiyan.

"Just tell me what the hell did you do!" shouted the demi-saiyan angrily, annoyed that Tullece didn't answer his question.

"Simple, I gathered the magic of the World Tree and transferred it into my body," Tullece stated.

"You what!" Gohan's eyes were flung wide open. "B-But how!"

Tullece grinned, pleased to see the look of despair on the face of Son Gohan. "Ah, let's see…where to begin? Oh, yes, when I first met with that bitch Chao," Tullece recounted. "I had been planning my revenge against you and Kakarotto for a while now. I came to this planet a few months ago, right when that demon Wilhelm summoned Broli, the Legendary Super Saiyan from the depths of Hell."

"Y-You were there?" Gohan questioned. It couldn't be? How could he have not sensed his power earlier? It probably had to do with that Gohan being focused on other things that he didn't notice the ki earlier.

"Of course," answered the Super Saiyan warrior. "Chao and I were there watching the whole spectacle. As I watched you and Negi fight, I was clearly amazed at your fighting skills as well as Negi's. I knew then that at that level you were no match for me. However, when you used the Kaio-ken technique to defeat Broli, I knew it wouldn't be long that you would eventually surpass me in strength. So I devised a plan. When I had met Chao, she asked for my help in order to achieve her goal of spreading the word about magic across the planet," explained Tullece. "That goal didn't interest me at the least, especially when I was going to enslave this planet as my base of operations once her goal was achieved. However, what greatly caught my interest was the way that she was going to use in order to spread the word about magic. And can you guess through what?"

Gohan's eyes widened. "The World Tree!"

"That's right. I had done some measurements on the amount of power that the World Tree exerted and it completely surprised me. It was unbelievable," Tullece said. "I immediately knew that I had to find some way to tap into this power and let it become my own. So I had Chao's friend, Hakase, create some devices that I would allow me to do just that. I had told them that this device would help amplify the potency of her 'forced recognition spell' which of course was a lie. Hakase agreed to it and build the devices with the resources that I myself provided," the Saiyan explained. "It took some time and some trial and error, but the device was created. Of course, the only problem was that the device couldn't be used during the festival, with the World Tree was exerting out so much magic power. Otherwise, the devices would simply be destroyed. That is why I activated them now and I must say the end result has been something completely unexpected. I never dreamed that the World Tree had this much power. Just imagine if I were to install these same devices at the other magical sites like the World Tree that are scattered across Earth. I would achieve the ultimate power and become unstoppable! No one would be able to beat me! Not even him!"

Gohan gritted his teeth and clenched his fists as he put himself in a fighting pose. "I won't let you get the chance to do that Tullece!" Gohan yelled with a determined look in his eye. "I'll stop you here and now!"

Tullece chuckled before the chuckle turned into a full blown laughter. "You…stop me? Hahahahaha!" laughed Tullece. "By now you must realize that you stand no chance against me. I know that you can sense battle powers without the use of a scouter, so you must know that your battle power stands no match against mine!"

"Oh yeah!" shouted the demi-saiyan. "We'll see about that!"

Tullece's grin turned sour. "You just don't know when to quit do you?" he muttered, before going into super speed. The demi-saiyan warrior was completely caught by surprise as he couldn't even sense the Super Saiyan when he was suddenly in front of him, giving Gohan a devastating punch to his face. Gohan reeled backwards a bit as Tullece continued his assault with a knee strike into the demi-saiyan warrior's gut. Gohan blurted out blood as he reeled forward. Tullece grinned as he combined both his hand together and gave a devastating axe-punch to Gohan's back, sending the poor demi-saiyan plummeting to the ground. Tullece turned around and put his arm out, roaring a warrior's cry as he launched a full power energy barrage wave at the falling figure.

Gohan couldn't do anything but take on the damage received by the energy barrage unleashed by the evil Super Saiyan warrior. The barrage continued on, sending the demi-saiyan further into the ground and creating a huge explosion! Debris and rocks fell on top of Gohan's position. It would be thought that Gohan was dead, but Tullece definitely knew that the demi-saiyan wasn't dead. "You won't be able to face me now with that kind of battle power," Tullece taunted as he floated in the sky. "I'll dig a grave for you right in the middle of this world. It's the least I can do for you Son Gohan."

Suddenly, the ground burst with a loud explosion and a dust cloud that cover the area. Once the cloud dissipated into nothingness, it revealed Gohan and still alive. However, that attack launched by Tullece was incredible as Gohan came out with heavy injuries. Blood marks appeared all over his body. Tullece chuckled a bit as he floated down towards the demi-saiyan's position. "Is that all the power you've got! See if you can entertain me some more!" Tullece said.

Dammit! Gohan said to himself. I am going to have to push my body to the limit. Otherwise, I am going to die here right now! "KAIO-KEN… TIMES THREE!" roared Gohan as a crimson aura surrounded the demi-saiyan warrior. Immediately, he shot at the Super Saiyan warrior, however the demi-saiyan was unable to land a hit on Tullece as he had disappeared using super speed. Gohan did a flip in the air as Tullece was behind him. Once Tullece reappeared, the Saiyan put himself in a ball and several somersault flips before Gohan could reach him, disappearing once again. Gohan immediately turned his head left and dashed towards where Tullece was going to reappear.

Tullece's being came to view but within a few seconds it disappeared as Gohan came in with a kick. Now, this fight had suddenly become a cat and mouse chase, with Tullece easily avoiding the Kaio-ken times three Mystic Gohan. After a few seconds of chasing, Tullece disappeared, using super speed as Gohan was almost upon the evil Saiyan. However, suddenly, Gohan was knocked out by a devastating punch from Tullece. Gohan crashed against a nearby building and rebounded, leaving the demi-saiyan wide open. Tullece grinned as he teleported above the demi-saiyan warrior and sent him a kick that sent poor Gohan plummeting to the ground. Tullece quickly descended before Gohan could reach the ground as he laid out his knee to the demi-saiyan's gut. Gohan spat out some blood as Tullece combined his two hands together and gave the demi-saiyan warrior a double axe-handle punch to his back, causing Gohan to crash into the ground.

As Gohan levitated from the ground a bit due to the tremendous blow that he received, the demi-saiyan suddenly felt a foot crashing into his face! He looked up to see that it was Tullece's foot! The Saiyan grinned. "Now, kneel…" said Tullece as he looked down on the demi-saiyan underneath his foot. "If you kneel and beg for your life, I will forgive you."

"I-I promised Negi-san, Asuna-san, Yuna-san…a-and everyone…I-I can't lose…" Gohan said, wincing in pain from the blows that he received from Tullece as well as the usage of the Kaio-ken times three.

"What will it be, Kakabrat?" Tullece asked.

"I'm…Son Gohan!" Gohan immediately responded.

"In that case, die!" Tullece took his foot of the demi-saiyan warrior's face and put his right hand out. Then without warning and in close range, Tullece unleashed a barrage of ki beams at Gohan's back. The demi-saiyan screamed out in pain as Tullece continued his assault. Tullece kept his barrage going until eventually he got tired of firing and stopped. Tullece spat at the fallen warrior. "You're just the son of a lower-class fighter after all. What a disgrace," spoke the Super Saiyan warrior. "But I'm not like you, your father or the princess of the Saiyans. Once I have collected enough magic power from this pathetic planet, I will bring the whole universe to its knees!"

Tullece floated up, leaving behind badly battered demi-saiyan. Various cuts were spread across Gohan's back as the remaining top part of his dogi had been torn to shreds. His whole upper body was now visible, clearly battered, bruised and bleeding. The demi-saiyan winced in pain as he tried to think of ways to defeat the Saiyan bastard. But nothing was coming into his mind. It's over, Gohan said to himself. I can't win. He is just too strong for me. "I-I'm sorry everyone," muttered Gohan as his eyes began to close as passing out sounded like a good option now for him.

"Now don't be like that Gohan!" screamed out a voice in the demi-saiyan's head.

Gohan's eyes opened a bit when he recognized the voice. It was Son Goku! "D-Dad, is that you…?"

"It sure is son," spoke Goku.

"Where are you?"

"I am on Grand Kaio-sama's planet right now but I am speaking to your heart through the help of Kaio-sama," replied the Saiyan. "The others are here as well which is great, but that's not important right now. Gohan, you have to beat Tullece. You can't let him win."

"But I can't win Dad," Gohan said. "Tullece is just too strong for me."

"Then you are going to have to do it."

"Do what Dad?" Gohan asked, unsure on what his father, Goku, was trying to get at.

"Form the Genki Dama," Goku suggested, causing the demi-saiyan's eyes to widen. "Come on Gohan. I know you can do it. After all, you are my son. Just remember how I taught you in using it."

Gohan let out a small smile. "T-Thanks…Dad."

Meanwhile, Tullece finished floating as he sensed something was wrong. He turned around to a huge number of mages before him. Tullece was a bit surprised, not because of the sheer number but because they were going to fight against him. "You are persistent."

Takamichi stepped forward in front of the army of mages, finishing a cigarette that he had lit up earlier. "I know that we don't a chance against you, but we cannot allow you to use the magic that mages use to protect the inhabitants of this planet for your own evil purposes," stated Takamichi as he tossed away his cigarette. Then immediately, Takamichi started his Kanka technique, enveloping him in a bright and powerful aura. "Get ready Tullece! This is the true power of the mages!" The other mages incanted their starting spells, ready to fight. Takane used her shadow magic to envelop her in a protective skin as well as Mei and the other female student mage.

Tullece grinned. "Pathetic," he muttered. "Oh well, entertain me some before I begin your enslavement."

As he lay on the ground, Gohan sensed all the ki signatures in front of Tullece. Everyone, Gohan said to himself as he started to get up and stand up. I will not allow your sacrifices to be in vain. "T-The Land…the Seas…the Skies…" panted Gohan, "and everyone drawing breath on this world at this time…share your Genki energy with me!" Gohan fully stood up and shot up his two arms straight up, the palms of his hands facing the sky, ready to receive the energy for the Genki Dama. "For all of your sakes…for the Earth's sake…give me your Genki energy!"

Meanwhile, the mages were going all out against the evil Super Saiyan. But their efforts were being wasted as Tullece brushed them aside easily. He had a bit trouble with Takamichi due to his Kanka, but it was nothing that the Saiyan could handle. He easily knocked Takamichi away as Takane and Mei came from the side. "Out of my way!" Tullece shouted as he launched a barrage of ki blasts at Takane and Mei. At first they were able to dodge the attacks, but eventually it was too much for them as they were completely encompassed by the barrage.

Gohan kept on taking in the genki energy needed for the attack. Wow, Gohan said to himself. This feels completely different than the time that I practiced this at Evangeline-san's resort. But… "It's still not enough to defeat him," Gohan said. He was going to need more time to collect more energy, especially when Tullece was very powerful at the moment. Please hold on everyone!

Tullece kept on dodging the magic attacks sent by the various mages. He was starting to get really pissed right now. When he defeated one of them, another mage took their place. It was starting to get really annoying for Tullece. Although they provided some entertainment for him, it was getting boring for the evil Super Saiyan. Tullece quickly finished off the remaining mages. At the same time, Gohan kept absorbing energy until he felt it. "It's done!" Gohan shouted. The Genki Dama was ready.

One of the mages was sent crashing into a nearby building as Tullece had given him a devastating punch. As a result, Tullece spot a bright light down below. Curious, the evil Super Saiyan looked closer and noticed that Gohan was standing up once again. The Saiyan gritted his teeth. He was starting to get on Tullece's nerves. But then, when Tullece moved his eyes a bit, he noticed that Gohan was holding something in his hand. "W-What? It can't be?" Tullece as he recognized what it was. Gohan was carrying in his hand a very powerful object. It was a massive sphere, larger than Gohan or anyone else. It was expelling colorful bands of radiation of Northern Lights-esque aurora. Tullece's eyes flung wide open. "The brat knows that TECHNIQUE!"

Gohan smiled. "You are not getting away with this! Tullece, take this!" With that Gohan shot the powerful Genki Dama at Tullece. The ball coursed through the sky, trying to reach its intended attack. Tullece would none of that as he jumped up into the air, pulling both hands behind his neck to charge up his attack. Then, he thrust his hands forward, firing a large and powerful ki beam of white and purple energy. The blast collided with the Genki Dama for a few seconds before the Genki Dama was completely destroyed! Gohan's eyes flung wide open. "No!" screamed out the demi-saiyan as he saw Tullece's attack get through the smoke and hit him. Gohan was sent flying across the ground and in pain. It was over.

Tullece breathed out a sigh of relief. "That was close," said the Saiyan. "I didn't think that the brat knew that technique. However, that attack wasn't powerful enough to defeat me. And besides, I left him a small present for him before he dies. Heh heh heh," chuckled Tullece. "With the brat gone, nothing will stand in my way of controlling the entire universe!"

Down below, Gohan laid on his back, greatly hurt from the attack that Tullece sent. As he lay on the ground, Gohan began to ponder on the possibilities of winning against the evil Saiyan. Even if he were to get up, there was nothing he could do now. If the Genki Dama couldn't defeat Tullece then what could? As he pondered, Gohan suddenly felt something slip from his pocket. He looked down and realized what it was. His pactio card! When Gohan went to touch it, he suddenly felt something strange. A glowing energy laid right in front of him. "So warm…W-What is this?" He wondered out loud as he began to touch and feel the brightly colored energy. Suddenly, his artifact, the Zeta sword, was brought forth into the demi-saiyan's hand. Gohan didn't even notice that the sword had been summoned. All of his attention was focused on the energy in front of him. It was…an amazing feeling.

The area around the demi-saiyan began to glow brightly. A bright magic circle was summoned below the demi-saiyan's body but it wasn't the only one. There were others, scattered across the campus as more and more circles began to prop up. And not just in Mahora but across the entire planet! The light that the magic circles were showing weren't as bright as when Tullece had summoned them but they still emitted the same kind of energy. Gohan felt his body float and stand up as the magic coming from the magic circles began to be pulled into the Zeta Sword. The sword began to shine brightly, like a saber made out of light. Gohan walked towards the bright light that he saw in front of him. "So warm…" Gohan said as he was heading towards the World Tree, carrying the sword along with him as if he was meant to carry it.

Tullece, meanwhile, had finished the last remains of the mages and was about to transport the devices that were to amplify his power to another location. He then noticed something strange was going on around him. The roots of the World Tree were shining which caught him by surprise a bit. What is going here? Tullece wondered to himself. Could this be a side effect from me absorbing the magic?

"Tullece!" The Saiyan's eyes flung wide open. It couldn't be! The evil Super Saiyan warrior turned around to see Gohan standing before, still strong. Plus he was carrying a sword that was shining ever so brightly. Tullece was not at the least bit happy.

"Kakabrat, are you still around!" Tullece exclaimed, his eyebrows frowning. "Why can't you just die like a good brat!"

"You are not getting away with this," Gohan said confidently as he grabbed the handle of the Zeta sword with both hands. Somehow it felt right. He lifted the sword, feeling the energy coursing through his entire body. He immediately knew… this was the power to defeat Tullece! The two warriors glared at each other for a few seconds, waiting to see who would make the first move. Tullece decided he had enough of this and made the first move as he pulled both hands behind his neck and charged up an energy sphere just like before.

"DIE!" Tullece shouted as he thrust his hands forward, firing a large ki beam of white and purple energy.

Gohan pulled back the Zeta Sword and slashed forward; releasing a large amount of energy that not Tullece or even Gohan himself could have anticipated. "MAHO GENKI KEN!" shouted the demi-saiyan his attack; witnessing the slash collide with Tullece's Calamity Blaster. And this time, Gohan's attack pulled through as it annihilated Tullece's attack. Tullece could only watch in horror, eyes turning white as the attack hit him straight on. Suddenly, Tullece's very being was being pulled apart and engulfed in an incredible light of a fusion between ki and magic. The evil Super Saiyan roared out in the pain as the attack was sent sky high. Tullece cried out in pain until finally the Maho Genki Ken engulfed him completely, ending his life as he was obliterated into oblivion. The evil Super Saiyan was no more. Gohan had finally won.

The demi-saiyan let out a smile as he watched Tullece be killed by the demi-saiyan's very own original attack. "It's over," Gohan said before he fell on his back and landed on the ground with a thud. A bright smile was on his face as he could finally find some peace and rest. After all, he was going to need it if he was going back to the past and save his friends.



* * *



Author's note: Another chapter finished! Yay! I know that this one was bigger than the previous one but I didn't want to separate the fight. Kind of wanted to have the fight in one chapter. It would make it boring if not. But anyways, I hope you enjoyed it like I did when I wrote it. It was a nice battle if I say so myself. But I know there will be critics out there saying that there is no way a Super Saiyan should match Gohan using his Mystic and the Kaio-ken. So let me try to ease these critics' minds.

First, let me tell you that Tullece has been eating repeatedly the fruit so his powers have been increasing greatly to the point of having a Super Saiyan transformation in his arsenal is incredible. So if that doesn't convince you, then bite me. Anyways, here is a glossary of a new attack in Gohan's arsenal:

Maho Genki Ken: It literally translate to Magic Energy Slash in japanese. It is an original attack that I made up. Hope you like it.

READ AND REVIEW! I like hearing from everyone, even from the critics! See ya around! Peace!





*Chapter 41*: The Great Mahora Shootout!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. See Chapter 1 for details.

Author's note: Hey everybody! How is it going? Did everyone have a good week? I did. Classes went really well and really short. I love teaching at this week's school. Only three days of work. hehehe :P Anyways, I am glad that many people liked the last chapter, especially on Gohan's newest technique. It won't be the last time that we see it, I can guarantee it. Also, there is an announcement at the bottom of the chapter. It is very important! Please read it once you are done with the chapter!

I want to thank theprincedonte for beta reading this chapter. Now let me present to you Chapter 41 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 41: Negi Springfield's Plan! The Great Mahora Shootout!

Gohan stirred around and slowly opened his eyes. There was still light and it was a beautiful day as there were a few scattered clouds amongst the skies. "Wow, must have passed out," spoke the demi-saiyan. Gohan slowly tried to sit up but couldn't. His muscles wouldn't move at all. "Hehehehe," chuckled Gohan with a bright smile on his face. "I guess I pushed my body to the limits." Then, Gohan started to hear a noise from the distance.

"Gohan-sensei!" screamed out the voice. Gohan's half-closed eyes looked up to see various figures approaching his position. At first, the demi-saiyan couldn't tell who the figures were but once they got closer to him, he immediately recognized them as the mages. The person who had screamed out was Takane as she rushed over to his side quickly. "Gohan-sensei, are you okay! Talk to me!"

"Onee-sama!" shouted Mei as she was right behind the blonde haired girl. "You shouldn't move around like that! You are still heavily injured! Plus that evil man Tullece could still be around!"

"I'll be fine Mei," replied Takane as she sat on her knees and overlooked Gohan's condition. "We need to get Gohan-sensei checked out immediately. He might be in danger."

"Not in danger Takane-san. Just in extreme pain at the moment," Gohan said, surprising the girl.

"Gohan-sensei, you're all right!" cried Takane as she immediately hugged the demi-saiyan. "Thank goodness!" Upon her touch, Gohan winced in extreme pain. Damn it, Gohan said to himself. I got to let people know not to touch me after I have used the Kaio-ken. Luckily, Takane noticed it as her face gave out a huge blush at her sudden action. "I-I'm sorry Gohan-sensei, I don't know what came over me."

"That's fine Takane-san," Gohan said weakly. "Just be careful when touching me though. I'm in a lot of pain right now."

"Gohan-sensei!" Mei cried as she also rushed to the demi-saiyan's side. "Are you okay?"

"I'm fine Mei-san," responded the demi-saiyan with a weak smile. "I just can't get up. Could you guys help me?" The two girls nodded as they carefully got Gohan to sit up against a wall that been broken off from a building. "Thanks you two."

"Gohan-sensei, is that guy, Tullece, still around?" Mei asked, a little sacred that the evil Saiyan would show up and kill them all. After all, he was really strong that Mei and the other mages were not able to deal any damage on him. She had never encountered anyone like that Saiyan before. It was quite a scary experience for her.

Gohan sighed as he looked up to the sky. "He is gone for sure," the demi-saiyan replied. "I defeated him. He won't be coming around this time."

Mei then let out a punch in the air in extreme happiness. "YATTA!" she screamed. "That evil man is gone forever! Yatta! Yatta!"

"Gohan-sensei, you did it," Takane said, small tears coming out of her eyes. She was happy for Gohan first most for defeating the evil man but most of all that he was safe right now. "Thank you."

"No problem but I should be thanking you guys," Gohan said, drawing the two girls' attention. "If it weren't for you two and the other mages in giving me time, I wouldn't have been able to use the Genki Dama. So thank you." The two girls blushed a bit as Gohan had his Son grin on his face while he spoke.

"Why thank you Gohan-kun," spoke a voice. Everyone turned their heads to see Takamichi standing before them, a cigarette in his hand that was recently lit. "I am glad that we were to some use to you in the end. How are you feeling?"

Gohan chuckled. "Not too bad, although I can't really move," he said with a smile on his face.

"I dare say," Takamichi said, smiling as he took another hit from his cigarette. "I bet you had better days than this." Gohan smiled at the comment. He then moved his eyes to a figure that was right behind Takamichi.

"Gohan-sensei," spoke up Gandolfini who stood behind Takamichi. "We apologize for blaming you before hearing the facts as well as not listening to your side of the story. For that we are sorry. We and the mage society also owe a great deal of gratitude to you as well. Not only did you protect Mahora City but you protected the magic sites that have stood for thousands of years from that man. You have our gratitude." Gandolfini then took a deep bow of apology towards the demi-saiyan warrior and so did the other mages. Only Takamichi stood up as he continued to smoke his cigarette, a smile on the teacher's face.

Gohan blushed a little bit in embarrassment. "It's okay Gandolfini-sensei," spoke the demi-saiyan. "I was just doing my duty as protector of the Earth." Gandolfini and the other mages lifted their heads, bright smiles on their faces.

"Gohan-sensei, where are Negi-sensei and the others?" Mei asked. "We have been looking for them all over the place."

"Oh you won't find them here," Gohan responded. "Actually you won't find them in this time period at all."

"What do you mean?" Takane questioned.

Gohan was about to explain what he meant but Takamichi interrupted him by speaking up. "So he was able to do it after all," said the mage teacher. "Negi-kun and the others are now in the past aren't they?" Gohan nodded in response. Takamichi let out a sigh of relief. "I am glad."

"What a minute Takahata-sensei, you are telling me that Negi-sensei was telling the truth this whole time!" exclaimed Gandolfini. Takamichi didn't respond as he took another drag of his cigarette, which to Gandolfini could only one answer. "I see," he said. What Negi said in his report was indeed true! Then that means that history could be changed for the better. However, something was bothering him. He looked at the demi-saiyan and asked, "If Negi-sensei and the others are in the past, why did you stay behind?"

"I needed to take care of Tullece," Gohan replied. "I couldn't let him have his way in this time period. Besides, I already had an idea to get back in time once Negi-san told me the whole story. Granted, I'm not entirely sure if it will work."

"What do you mean Gohan-kun?" Takamichi asked.

Gohan moved his arm a bit, wincing in extreme pain. He really couldn't move at all but he had to try. After all, he needed to get back to the past as quickly as possible. With extreme effort, Gohan went into his pocket and pulled out an object that got everyone surprised…a pactio card! Before anyone could speak on how the demi-saiyan got himself a pactio, Gohan spoke up, "I'm not entirely sure where I got the card but it doesn't matter right now. During my training and time in Evangeline-san's resort, I was able to ascertain what my pactio does. The artifact itself is the Zeta Sword and its primary power is to seal and release."

"Seal and release…" repeated everyone.

"That's right. I can command my artifact to seal whatever I want. Whether it can be a person, an object, energy, or anything," Gohan said. He was about to explain further but was interrupted by Mei.

"If your artifact has the ability to seal, then why couldn't you have sealed Tullece in the first place?" questioned Mei. "If you did that from the start, you would have avoided this whole fight."

"It's not that simple Mei-san," responded Gohan. "The act of seal requires me to use a certain amount of ki, depending on the amount it requires to do the sealing. Tullece would have exhausted a huge amount of ki and he also wouldn't be sealed for a long time. With his power, he would have been to break free within minutes. Plus, I can't seal two things at once."

"What do you mean 'seal two things at once'? You already have something Gohan-sensei?" asked Takane.

The demi-saiyan nodded. "Inside the sword are some of Negi-san's mage powers." Everyone gasped. He did what! "I'm sure you are wondering how I was able to do it. I wasn't entirely sure if it was going to work but I started doing it immediately after Negi-san, Setsuna-san, Chamo-san and I went back into the past for the first time. I was suspicious of Chao-san and her watch so I decided to seal some of Negi-san's energy whenever he used the watch," explained the young scholar-in-training. "It was a small amount that I don't think Negi-san even noticed it."

Everyone was quiet once Gohan finished talking. They couldn't believe that the demi-saiyan had this kind of artifact in addition to his godly powers. "I see," Takamichi spoke up, breaking the silence. "You are quite the planner Gohan-kun. You must have thought something like this was going to happen."

"Actually no," responded Gohan. "To be honest, I was just doing it to be on the safe side. Thankfully, it somehow worked out in the end."

"But Gohan-sensei, there is something that is bothering me," Takane said. "You said that Negi-sensei and the others were able to go back to the past using a special watch that Chao Lingshen gave them. Were you able to seal that energy as well?"

"Regrettably, no," Gohan said with a hint of disappointment in his voice. "Chao-san's watch exerts an energy that cannot be sealed. I have tried to do it a few times but in the end, it was impossible."

"So how are you goin–" Takane was about to ask before everyone heard a voice being screamed in the distance. "Gohan-san!" Everyone looked up to see where the voice was coming from. Again the voice screamed out and some of the mages were able to ascertain its location.

"Look over there!" pointed one of the mages. Everyone turned their heads towards that direction to see something heading towards them. They couldn't make much of it, but nonetheless most of the mages took their fighting positions, unsure if it was an enemy coming to finish off Gohan. Gohan, however, didn't think that the incoming object was a threat but rather something familiar. The voice sounded very familiar and when he sensed the ki, the demi-saiyan immediately knew who it was. A bright smile appeared on Gohan's face. His timing couldn't have been any better, Gohan said to himself.

The object in distance closed in and the mages were able to get a clear view of what was approaching their position. It was a figure dressed in strange clothes to the standards of ordinary people. The robe was white with a fluffy collar around his neck. He had a purple vest to go along with his white robe. There was a purple sash around his waist and wore brown boots similar to that of Piccolo. But what caught everyone's attention was the fact that the approaching figure was green and looked like Piccolo! Although he didn't have the same face as Piccolo but had the same characteristics. "Gohan-san!" screamed out the figure as he nearing Gohan and the others.

The mages were about to attack but luckily Gohan stopped them. "Everyone, there is no need to be alarmed," said the demi-saiyan with a smile on his face. "That's Dende!"

"Dende?" everyone questioned.

Gohan nodded. "Yeah, he is one of my good friends," answered the demi-saiyan. "He is also Kami-sama."

Everyone's eyes flung wide open, their eyes popping out of their sockets. "KAMI-SAMA?" they exclaimed.

"Gohan-san!" screamed Dende once last time as he landed on the ground softly and went running straight at Gohan's position. "Are you okay Gohan-san?"

"I'm fine Dende," responded Gohan with a Son grin. "It is a surprise to see you here. I thought you were at the Temple?"

Dende nodded. "I was but after looking at the Lower Realm and seeing what Tullece and his minions do to Goku-san and the others, I couldn't stand by and watch as I did nothing," said the Guardian of Earth. "I know about Chao-san's plan as well."

"You heard about that?" Gohan questioned.

Dende nodded. "Sure," he said. "After all, our hearing is different from normal humans. I thought Piccolo-san had told you about that."

"I guess I forgot."

"Anyways Gohan-san, I'm here to heal you," Dende said.

Gohan's mouth turned into a wide smile. "That's great Dende! You are a life saver!" Dende blushed a little bit at the compliment. He shook his head a bit when he realized that now was not the time to be playing around. He knew about Gohan's predicament and knew that he had to go back to the past as quickly as possible so as to help his friends.

Dende put his hands forth in close proximity to Gohan's body and was about ready to heal him when the Namekian realized something. He turned his head and noticed all the strange looks that he was getting. "Oh I'm very sorry!" Dende apologized as he stood. "Excuse me for not introducing myself. I am Dende, Kami of Earth." Dende bowed in greeting before the mages.

Mages were silent in response. They just couldn't believe what was going on now. First Gohan and his friends show up at Mahora a few days ago, then Tullece and now a green man proclaiming to be Kami! This was just getting ridiculous. Granted though, they specialized in the ridiculous since they were mages themselves. However, that didn't change the fact that they were face to face with Kami. No one was unsure of what to say, that was until Takamichi walked up to the Namekian and shook the guardian's hand. "It is a pleasure to meet you Kami-sama," Takamichi said with a smile on his face. Dende shook his hand happily.

Then suddenly, all the mages walked up to the Guardian of Earth and began to talk with him, asking him several questions. Dende didn't answer all the questions but he did answer on where he was from. He had told them that he and Piccolo were from the same race called Namekians. Gohan smiled at the sight, happy to see his good friend interacting with many people. After a few minutes of talking, Dende realized that Gohan needed to be healed immediately. "Sorry about that Gohan-san," Dende said as he kneeled right next to the demi-saiyan.

"That's okay Dende," Gohan said. "I'm happy that you were interacting with them."

Dende nodded in agreement. "It is good to meet the people of Earth, especially when I am watching over it," Dende said. "Now let's get you healed."

"Kami-sama I had a question for you," Mei spoke up just as Dende put his hands in close proximity to Gohan's body. "How come you didn't come and help Gohan-sensei or the others when they were fighting? Or even that, why did you participate in the Budokai like Piccolo-san?"

"Mei-san," answered Gohan for the Namekian. "You will see soon enough." Mei blinked a few times, unsure on what Gohan was talking about. However suddenly, a bright light started to emanate from Dende's hands. It covered the demi-saiyan in a bright glow. Mei and Takane immediately walked forward, worried about Gohan but they were stopped when Takamichi put his hand forth and blocked the girls' path. They looked at Takamichi, curious as to why he stopped them, but they realized it when they saw his facial expression. He looked calmed and somehow he knew that Gohan was going to be okay.

And sure enough, the demi-saiyan was okay. Little by little, the wounds on Gohan's body began to disappear entirely and his tattered clothes repaired back to its original state. A few seconds later, the glow stopped and Dende pulled back his hands. Everyone looked at the sight with curiosity, wondering what just happened. They got their answer when Gohan stood up. He was in perfect condition. There was no sign of injury or fatigue on him! The Guardian of Earth had just healed him. "Wh-What just happened?" questioned Gandolfini.

"Dende used his magic to heal my wounds," Gohan said as he inspected his body. He clenched and unclenched his fists, moved around his arms and shoulders and did a few practice punches to make sure everything was okay. And boy was it okay! Gohan felt like a new man! He had noticed that his power had increased substantially as well. It probably has to do with my Saiyan genes, Gohan said to himself. Vegeta-san told me about it before that when a Saiyan is healed from near death, his power increases substantially. However, I didn't expect my power to increase by this much. A smile appeared on his face. This is great! Now I'm sure I can handle the Kaio-ken times two with no problem. But, I'm still not sure if it will be enough to stop Tullece. We will have to wait and see.

Takane noticed the smile on the demi-saiyan's face. Curious, she asked, "Gohan-sensei, is something wrong?"

Gohan shook his head. "Nothing is wrong Takane-san," replied the demi-saiyan. "As I was saying, Dende used a special magic to heal my wounds."

"Hai," nodded Dende. "On Namek, we have different classes. I am part of the healer class. Piccolo-san is part of the fighter class of our race. That is why he can fight while I can't. I am actually rather weak compared to the standards of Gohan-san and the others."

"I see," Takamichi said as he took a cigarette out and began to light it up. "That explains a lot. Even though you can't fight, you must have some responsibilities as Kami-sama."

Dende nodded. "That's right," the Namekian said. "One of them is–" Suddenly, Dende heard a noise and stopped talking. He turned his head towards the direction of the sound and he wasn't the only one. Gohan had noticed it too. The demi-saiyan rushed in front of everyone, getting himself in a fighting position. The mages were confused on what was going on but suddenly they knew when they saw the unthinkable as a figure approached them.

Everyone's eyes widened when they saw the figure. This figure had black bodysuit with a tattered green vest. The figure also had an orange haired Mohawk. Gohan frowned his eye brows as he furthered his stance. No. 16b had survived! "No. 16b, I can't believe you are still intact," Gohan said sternly.

"Indeed I am Son Gohan," responded the Artificial Human. "Your attacks were powerful but nonlethal. It seemed that you were holding back your strength. Perhaps because I resemble the original No. 16 and thus you couldn't push yourself to hurt me too badly."

"Perhaps," said the demi-saiyan. "However, if you are looking for a fight, I would gladly take you on. But you should know that I defeated your boss Tullece. If fight me now, you wouldn't stand a chance against me."

"I know. I saw your fight with Tullece-sama from a far," No. 16b said, surprising everyone, including Gohan. "But I am not here to fight you Son Gohan."

"You aren't?" questioned Gohan, relaxing his guard a bit. Takane saw the relaxation in Gohan's movements. She was surprised at the demi-saiyan's action, thinking that now No. 16b was going to take advantage of this. She wasn't going to let that happen. She didn't want to see Gohan anymore. She rushed forward with a loud roar, surprising everyone. "Takane-san!" screamed out Gohan. "Wait!"

Takane didn't listen as she rushed forward to the giant Artificial Human. She quickly encased herself in her shadow magic and was about to land a hit on No. 16b but was stopped! Her eyes were flung wide open when she saw that it was Gohan who had stopped her, with her fist an inch away from No. 16b's face. "Gohan-sensei? Why? Why did you stop me?" questioned Takane.

"Because Takane-san, No. 16b didn't come here looking for a fight," responded the demi-saiyan.

"How do you know that?" Takane questioned. "He is one of Tullece's subordinates isn't he? He could be lying and be looking for an opportunity to strike you down Gohan-sensei!"

"I don't think so," Gohan answered.

"How do you know?"

"I don't," the demi-saiyan immediately responded. Takane's eyes widened at the comment. But before she could say anything else, Gohan continued on. "I know that you don't trust him Takane-san. I don't trust him either especially after what he did to Negi-san and the others but he did come here to talk. Besides, if he had wanted to attack me, he would have done it earlier. After all, I wouldn't have noticed his ki at all."

Everyone's eyes widened, gaping at Gohan's comment. If what Gohan was true, then No. 16b would have no problem in doing an ambush attack on the demi-saiyan's life. No. 16b looked at Takane and spoke, "What Son Gohan is true. I could have easily taken his life just like I did with Vegeta before. However, I have not come to fight against you Son Gohan. I have come to relay a message to you."

Gohan's eyes widened a bit in curiosity as he let go of Takane's fist once he saw that the girl had relaxed a bit. "A message?"

No. 16b nodded. "Yes. It is a message from Chao Lingshen."

"CHAO LINGSHEN!" Everyone, including Gohan, exclaimed. What is going on here? Gohan asked himself in curiosity. He immediately looked at No. 16b, hoping to get some answers from him.

The giant Artificial Human didn't respond as he searched his pocket and brought out a piece of paper. The mages immediately recognized what it was since they use all the time. Gohan, however, was unsure but he suddenly knew when a holographic image of Chao Lingshen appeared on top of the card. "Hello Gohan-kun, how are you today?" spoke the image of Chao. "By now, you must have noticed that you and the others have been sent into one week into the future. I wanted to avoid the fighting business, especially going up against Negi-bozu. However, I had failed to realize the evil plot that Tullece had laid out before me. I didn't realize that I was played as a fool, especially when I helped him. After I realized on that he was going to use the World Tree to increase his abilities, I tried to stop but was too late. I'm sure that after I finish this message, I will be killed by him. But just in case if something were to happen to me, I created a subprogram in Artificial Human No. 16b's computer to be activated once he had seen you. This program was designed to overload all of his commands, including those in killing you and the others. And if you are seeing this message, then program has worked which should have since I am a genius after all.

"Anyways, I am getting ahead of myself. By now, I hope that you have taken care of Tullece and stopped him from succeeding his evil plan. But you know as well as I do that even though this battle has been won, the war is not over. You may have defeated him in the future but you must go back to the past and stop him there. He cannot be allowed to rule this planet and use it for his own evil purposes! I'm sure that you knew already Gohan-kun, which is why I am giving you this," Chao said which immediately made No. 16b take out something else. The giant Artificial Human put the object forward so all can see. Gohan's eyes widened when he saw the object. It was the time watch! The same watch that Negi had been using! "That's right; I am giving you my Cassiopeia Gohan-kun so that you can use it to go back to the past. Hopefully, you won't have to use it since Negi-bozu should have one. And knowing him, he must have found a way to go back to the past to try and stop me. Hope this proves helpful to you Gohan-kun. Please protect Mahora and bring peace to Earth! I am counting on you Gohan-kun!" And with that the message ended as the image of Chao Lingshen disappeared into nothingness.

Everyone stood silent as they still were processing on what just happened. There was so much information that Chao had just said but the thing that was most troubling was the time watch. They had no idea that such an object existed! Gohan, meanwhile, looked at the watch intently. He then clenched it, bring forward to his face. Thank you, Chao-san, Gohan said to himself. I promise that I will stop Tullece in the past and bring peace to the Earth once again. Just like my Dad, Son Goku, has done before! The demi-saiyan turned his head towards Takamichi and the others. "Takamichi-san, lead me to the center of the World Tree! I'm going back right now!"



* * *



Meanwhile, on the School Festival Third Day…

Everyone from Negi's group was doing exactly as the boy teacher had instructed them to do. Asuna and Ku Fei were able to convince Ayaka to join in, especially when Ku Fei mentioned that this project was requested by Negi himself. Konoka and Chamo meanwhile went to talk with the Headmaster and were able to convince him to join in as well. Chamo was extremely assertive on requesting weapons for the plan to work. Setsuna was still looking for Goku and the others.

Back at the library where Negi was resting, Haruna, Nodoka and Yue were making the flyers while Kaede stood guard. Chisame was on the internet, publishing posts about the event. "Well, I have to say," Chisame said, "Sensei came up with quite a plan."

"I can't take any more chances," Negi said as he continued to lie on the couch. "I'm sure Chao-san has considered the possibility that we would make it back somehow. Either way, I had to come up with a plan that would surprise her."

"I agree," responded Chisame.

"Am I doing the right thing?" Negi questioned. "Involving the general public like this? That would make me no different from Chao-san. I can't believe I'm countering her through force like this. I'm still not sure if Chao-san's wrong."

"Huh?" sounded Chisame. "Are you still stressing over that! You gotta fight fire with fire! If they won't listen, then you gotta smack them until they do!"

"That's not what Gohan-san taught me," Negi said. "Gohan-san would have definitely found a way to avoid a fight, especially in this case."

"But that's the way of the world! What's wrong with that!" Chisame questioned. "I'm sure Gohan-sensei would agree with me in this kind of situation! Besides, you're the leader! You shouldn't be wishy-washy like that! Be a man! Make up your mind and go for it!"

"I still would like to talk to her one more time," Negi said. "I'm sure Gohan-san would agree with me as well."

"Negi-sensei," spoke up Yue. "There's no point in talking when the enemy resorts to violence. You must counter that through force yourself or negotiate with the willingness to use force as backup…that's the way of the world. Thinking things through carefully isn't a bad thing. However, once you feel you're right, you end up with fewer options. I don't believe that you're wrong, just so you know. Negi-sensei."



* * *



Meanwhile, at another part of campus…

"Attention! Attention!" Yuna shouted.

"We have an announcement about the school festival's final day event!" Makie continued. The girls of 3-A were in various types of mage or nurse costumes and handing out flyers that had the new idea for what the entire campus was going to do. On the flyer it said "Mars Attack vs. Mahora Mage Order". Everyone was whispering and talking to their friends with barely concealed anticipation.

"...As stated above, this is the renewed final day event!" Ayaka stated, as she donned white skirt and sleeves, along with a blue breastplate of sorts. "Now then we will be presenting you a demonstration!" Ayaka nodded to Makie who was wearing sexy witch clothing, but put a white cloak over it, and held a practice wand with a star on it. "This will be the equipment given to the people who want to join the game. There are various types as well. And since the robe serves as a safety device everyone must wear one. The weapon here will be a mage's wand. Why don't you give us a demonstration?" Ayaka looked towards Makie who nodded.

"Ehm, JACULETUR!" Makie exclaimed, as a white light shot out of her wand.

"This light does not affect the human body," Ayaka explained. "Furthermore..." Behind her Yuna took a simple looking bazooka and shot another beam of light into the air, though more destructive. "We have other weapons such as bazookas. You can choose whatever you want."

A couple of feet away, the class ghost and reporter were watching the events unfold; Kazumi even had a camcorder out. "Wow, this is getting interesting," the red head said with a smile, looking at everything through the lens of her new camcorder that she bought with Gohan.

"U-um, are you sure you don't need to contact Chao-san?" Sayo asked her friend.

"Fufufu, Sayo-chan, I'm not really Chao's ally or anything. My duty ended with yesterday's announcer job. In return I already got all the facts from Chao about the current incident. All that's left is for me to get my material on the last day's event. Now the let's get ready too...OOF!" Kazumi suddenly bumped heads with someone. She was grabbing her aching nose and the other person was doing the same. When the person got a good look, she saw that it was Asuna.

"Asakura?" Asuna asked.

"Hey, Asuna. What're you up to?" Kazumi greeted.

"Eh...That reminds me! Yesterday you were the announcer of the tournament! That means you were working for Chao-san right! Weren't you supposed to be our ally?"

"Um..." Kazumi stuttered as she began to walk away from Asuna.

"Hohoho, maybe I should teach you just exactly how much trouble we had to go through because of Chao-san?"

"Um no...I guess if you have to classify me…I'm not on anyone's side, but the indifferent slave of truth!"

"You freakin' moron! Do you think you're cool or something?"

"Seriously," Kazumi pleaded. "The notion of revealing magic to the world gets my reporter's juices flowing! Plus, showing Gohan-kun's abilities was an added bonus!"

"What are you talking about! If the world finds out about magic, both Negi and Takahata-sensei will get turned into ermines and we'll never be able to see them again! Also Gohan and the others will be turned into lab rats to be experimented on!" Asuna ranted.

"Eh? That is bad...Are you serious?"

"Baka!" Asuna shouted as she slammed her fist into the girl's forehead. "As for your punishment you are going to help us out!"

"But what about my scoop!"

"Who cares about that!"



* * *



Meanwhile, in the Library…

"Alright it's done," Chisame sighed.

"Thank you for your work!" Nodoka said with a blush.

"Don't get too excited."

"The main fight is only starting de-gozaru," Kaede stated. Chisame sighed again and looked back at resting Negi.

"He finally falls asleep and now he's moaning. Is he going to recover in time?" commented Chisame as she placed the blanket on Negi once again. "Honestly, all this stuff about right and wrong has gotta be a heavy burden for a ten-year-old.

"That's true..." Haruna mused. Just like everyone else in the room, Yue had a worried look on her face.



* * *



Meanwhile, at the Headmaster's office…

"F-Forced recognition magic against the entire world?" a mage teacher asked the headmaster as he was explaining the plan to the magical staff.

"Is something like that even possible?" Yuna's father, who was a mage teacher himself, continued on for the mage.

"We've underestimated her. Headmaster, where did you get this information?" Gandolfini inquired.

"The information source is irrelevant," Konoemon stated. "We must put a stop to this plan no matter what. About this big operation, it is true that it would be difficult to fight against 2,500 enemies with the public watching. So if that is the case, then have the public participate as an active party." The head master put up his hand as he saw some people about to protest the idea. "I know it's a pretty desperate throw, but this plan has come with many safety measures. Rest assured everyone will be safe."

"It is true that our students like this sort of thing, and have the capabilities to do so. They might actually be surprisingly useful as a combat force," Seruhiko, one of the teachers who went to Kyoto with Negi and his group, replied.

"Wha-what is this? 6 gigantic life form weapons?" another person stated as he read the report.

"It appeared as though through science, Chao is planning to control a few nameless demons that were petrified underneath the school," Toko Kuzunoha, Setsuna's sensei in her sword style when she moved to Mahora, explained. "It is believed that they are going to be used to amplify the magic. If they appear, we should get the students to stand down."

"And what of this 'Tullece' that is listed on here?" Gandolfini questioned. "Why is it mentioned on here that we should avoid him?"

"He is listed as an extremely powerful accomplice of Chao-kun," the Headmaster stated. "Please note that he even though he may look like Gohan-kun's father, he is not Son Goku! I beg of you not to associate him with Goku-san at all! And you shouldn't worry about him. He will be taken care by Son Goku. I have absolute confidence that Son Goku and his friends will help us out in this fight. However, you must not engage him or his subordinates at all costs! Understood?"

"Yes sir!" responded everyone.

"Remember this; we have underestimated her for long enough, this plan of Chao-kun must be stopped. Support from the home country probably won't make it here in time either. Keep this in your minds as we fight: If we cannot stop Chao-kun's plan, the world will be changed. Everyone put your full effort into this operation!" Konoemon dictated to his staff.

"Yes sir!"



* * *



Meanwhile, at another part of campus…

"I see," Goku said as Setsuna had just explained to Goku and the others on what has happening lately, including Negi's plan and the appearance of Tullece. "So Gohan is stuck in the future, battling against Tullece?"

Setsuna nodded. "I'm sorry Goku-san," she said with a hint of sadness in her voice. "I should have stayed to help him." Suddenly, she felt a pat on her shoulder.

"You made the right choice," Goku said with a Son grin on his face. "Besides, Gohan can handle himself. He is a hero in his own right. Plus, he is my son."

"Bah! I can't believe that disgusting loser is still alive," Vegeta said. "How could have we not have noticed him and sense his ki?"

"Gohan did tell us that the high ki level that we all were sensing was coming from him since they are multiple copies of him due to him going back to the past," Piccolo stated. "I couldn't believe that Tullece would hide amongst Gohan's ki. He is a crafty one...for a Saiyan."

"Regardless, I will be the one to fight him!" Vegeta said. "I cannot have him kill you Kakarotto since I will be the one to do it!"

"We'll see about that Vegeta," Goku said with a grin on his face that completely surprised Setsuna. "I wonder how much stronger he has gotten since the last time. Should be exciting! I can't wait to fight him!"

"No it will be me fighting him Kakarotto! You just sit on the sidelines!"

"You're kidding! I want to fight him!"

"It will be me Kakarotto!"

"No it won't! It will be me!"

Setsuna stood gaping at the sight as the two full-blood Saiyans continued to argue among themselves. How these two could be fighting amongst themselves on who was going to fight Tullece? Shouldn't they be thinking of a plan to beat him together? Kuririn then came up next to her and said to her, "Don't worry, this is typical Goku and Vegeta."

"What do you mean typical?" Setsuna questioned. "Tullece is a monster! How can Goku-san and Vegeta-san be excited in fighting a dangerous opponent? They should be trembling in fear!"

"Because that is who Goku and Vegeta are," stated Piccolo. "They are Saiyans. It is in their blood to crave for battle, especially when it is against a strong opponent."

"That's true. Whenever Goku hears about a strong opponent, he can't help but feel excited at the prospect at facing someone stronger than himself," Kuririn added. "That is how Goku is."

"I see," Setsuna said. Goku and Vegeta were sure different from that Gohan. Gohan was different from his father and Vegeta in that he didn't crave for battle but instead would always seek an alternative to fighting. It was quite surprising to see the demi-saiyan go forth into battle like that when he stood before Tullece and the two Artificial Humans.

Before Setsuna could ponder even further, she was tackled by two objects. More precisely, two little demi-saiyans. "Hey what about us?" Trunks asked. "Are there any strong opponents for us?"

"Yeah, I want to fight too!" Goten said excitedly.

Setsuna was unsure what to say. They were like mirror images of Goku and Vegeta. Thankfully, Piccolo stepped in. "I'm sure there are plenty of robots that you can fight against," said the Namekian. "Besides, your job is to help the students and make sure no harm comes to them."

"That is boring," Trunks commented. "Those guys are too easy for us. Me and Goten could easily handle them with our hands tied behind our backs."

Goten nodded in agreement. Then suddenly, an idea popped into his head. "Trunks-kun, how about we fuse into Gotenks?" Goten asked.

Trunks blinked a few times, unsure on what he just heard, especially coming from Goten. His mouth turned into a wide smile. "Goten that is a great idea! Why didn't I think of that before!" Trunks exclaimed. "We should fuse right in front of the robot army and show off our power. Then they will be running scared! What a great idea right Goten!"

Goten nodded excitedly. "You are amazing Trunks-kun!"

"Of course I am," Trunks said. "After all, I am the genius here." Goten nodded in agreement at the comment. Piccolo, meanwhile face palmed himself as he had heard their conversation. Baka, Piccolo said to himself. Setsuna sweat dropped at the sight that was before her. Gohan did sure have a strange group of friends.



* * *



Meanwhile…

Multiple flashes of light hit the sky as people who were participating were practicing their weapons. Somewhere off to the side Asuna was wearing some sort of knight armor, minus a helmet, breastplate and right arm guard. In her hand was her paper fan/sword. "Hey Chamo!" ranted Asuna. "Why do I have to wear this weird getup? Isn't bad for me to stand out like this? Chao-san might spot me."

"You look great, ane-san," commented the ermine. "I'm sure Chao is already onto us. Standing out might actually make it harder for Chao to attack you."

"I see," the red head, Kazumi, mused. She was on the computer trying to get a better sense for the entire plan. "A defense operation with normal people who are unaware of the situation, used as both a makeshift combat for and a diversion." She then rubbed her chin. "It's true with the how the game is set up, everyone would join happily. In a way, there are also a bunch of people among the students who are good at something like this. Still they are normal people, will they be able to handle Chao's robot army?" The reporter inquired looking towards the ermine.

"That is where the magic equipment being handed out comes into play," Chamo smirked as he smoked a cigarette. "It was aniki, the antique magical items collector, who suggested the idea. Yuecchi found them in storage in the magical realm." Chamo took the cigarette out of his mouth and puffed out. "These weapons were specifically designed to stop mechanical magical automated dolls and golems. They look like normal magical wands and such, but they're designed not to harm living creatures. These items were created centuries ago to face powerful puppet masters like Eva. They'll be very effective against Chao's robots. They're powered by the magic of the World Tree."

"The magic of the World Tree?" questioned Kazumi.

"That's right! The robo-Tanakas that we have encountered yesterday are going to be stand-alone high-mobility units powered by the World Tree's magic," explained Chamo. "That's going to be their undoing! With these magical items, even a civilian can go up against them."

"Well, I must agree, you've got a good plan," commented Kazumi. "Still, aren't you taking a big risk by assuming that Chao-Lin won't harm civilians during the attack?"

"If it looks like Chao's willing to seriously harm civilians, we'll pull them out ASAP. It'll also show what kind of person she is," explained Chamo. "If anything, if she's truly evil, she'll actually become easier to handle. At least, that's what the headmaster and the other magical teachers are thinking."

"Negi-kun thought up this plan, right?" Kazumi questioned. "Do you think Negi-kun feels the same way?"

Chamo snickered. "Exactly! I never thought I'd hear a plan like that come out of aniki's mouth!"

"Maybe Negi-kun's growing up a little, huh!" Kazumi stated excitedly. "Considering the possible problems this could cause others, while still being able to make a bold move, shows that he's suited to be a leader."

"I can't tell you how happy he made this old man!" Chamo said with a grin on his face. "I was so worried about him because he's such a goody boy and heavily influenced by Gohan-nii."

"I guess Negi-kun's taken his first step in becoming a nasty little grown-up!" commented Kazumi.

"These two are too annoying," Asuna sweat dropped as Kazumi and Chamo began to laugh hysterically.

"You look so cool Asuna. Do I get to dress up too?" Konoka said with sparkling eyes.

"Um...Konoka I don't think you'd want to wear this. But you'll probably wear something similar to what the noncombatants are going to wear." Konoka smiled and nodded. The brunette then sighed and looked away into the sky. "Is something wrong Konoka?" Asuna asked worriedly.

"It's nothing. I'm just worried about Gohan-kun. I mean, do you think he would have found a way home by now?" asked Konoka.

"I worry about him to Konoka, but please be confident that he will come back to us," Asuna reassured her friend. She immediately looked up at the sky. Please come back to us safely Gohan, Asuna said to herself. We need you here.



* * *



Meanwhile, in the future…

Gohan stood in the center of the roots of the World Tree, the bright glow that emanated from the branches reflecting on his body. Gohan was in awe at the moment, amazed at the sight that he was seeing now. He shook his head however as he realized that now was not the time to look at the sight. Right now he needed to get back to the past as quickly as possible. He took out his pactio card and chanted the words to bring forth his artifact. "Adeat!" The card illuminated itself, bring forth a sword. Gohan held the sword with one hand with ease. The sword was still as heavy as ever but Gohan had done enough training to get comfortable with it like with the previous Z sword.

Gohan was about to chant the words for release but was interrupted when Takane spoke up. "Gohan-sensei, are you sure this is going to work?" she asked. She was with the other mages as they had followed Gohan to this place while Takamichi guided him. They, just like Takane, were worried that maybe this might wrong. What if something were to happen to the demi-saiyan? Takane tried to take out the possibilities of Gohan never returning. She couldn't bear that outcome and neither could Mei. Mei definitely wanted Gohan to be safe not because he was a teacher but he was someone that she admired and had growing affection for. After all, it was not every day that you meet a person like Son Gohan.

The demi-saiyan turned his head, a Son grin on his face. "To be honest I'm not entirely sure," Gohan replied. "But it is worth trying."

"Gohan-sensei we could come with you," Mei said out loud. "You are not a mage and from what Negi-sensei's report says you need a mage to work the watch. Couldn't one of us come with you?" Takane looked at her junior in surprise. Of course why didn't I think of that! Takane said to herself.

She was about to volunteer, a heavy blush on her face but was stopped by the demi-saiyan as he spoke, "Sorry I can't let you do that Mei-san. It would create a paradox at that time period. There cannot be two of the same person for a long period of time. The result would be catastrophic," explained the young scholar-in-training. "That is why I have to go alone."

"Gohan-sensei, I'm sure we can run a few tests before you go back to the past," Gandolfini pleaded. "You can't be sure that you will go back to the right time period."

"I know," Gohan responded firmly. "But I have to try. My friends need my help. I can't wait a minute longer."

"Then do what you must Gohan-kun," Takamichi spoke up. "I believe that you will make it on time. I wish you luck. Be sure to win against Tullece. I know that you can do it."

Gohan smiled. "I will Takamichi-san," he said. "And thank you. Thank you everyone. If it wasn't for you all, I wouldn't have been able to create the Genki Dama as well as the attack that killed Tullece. So I am in your debt." Gohan bowed before the mages.

Suddenly though, Gohan was lifted up by the shoulders by Takamichi as a big appreciating smile was on the teacher's face. "No Gohan-kun, we are in your debt," said Takamichi. "Thank you for being a hero." Gohan blushed a bit; a little embarrassed to be called a hero. "Now go and defeat that Saiyan! For us!"

Gohan nodded and went directly to the center of the tree. He had the Cassiopeia on one hand and the Zeta sword on the other. Pulling the sword in front, the demi-saiyan laid the sword on top of the watch. He took a deep breath as he chanted the words for the release of Negi's magic. "LIBERATIO!" Suddenly, the sword shone brightly as strange colored beams start to emanate from the sword itself. The dial on the watch began to turn backwards. Gohan saw it and smiled. It was working! Hold on everyone! Gohan said as he grasped the watch firmly. I'll be right there!

At that moment, a beam of light surrounded the demi-saiyan as the power of the World Tree was reacting with the watch. Gohan noticed that everything was starting to become fuzzy and strange. This was becoming like the times that he went to the past with Negi during the festival. This was definitely a good sign. Gohan looked up, a determined look on his face. He was ready. Then, without warning, the demi-saiyan disappeared out of thin air. The mages gasped at the sight with Takane being the loudest as there was no trace left of the demi-saiyan warrior. The blonde shadow mage began to worry on Gohan's safety when a pat on her shoulder from Takamichi reassured her that Gohan will be safe. Takamichi stared at the spot that Gohan was once stood at. "Good luck…Son Gohan."



* * *



Meanwhile, in the past, at another part of Mahora Academy…

Everyone was practicing with their new magic tools as well as discussing on the event itself. In the meantime, the PA came on. "The enemy will be targeting the symbol of this academy, the World Tree. All participants are to split off into 6 groups and choose one of the designated locations, such as the World Tree Plaza, the South Gate of Tatsumiya Shrine and so on. The four other sites will be called the World Tree Defense Bases! Just like every year, the highest score will earn fabulous prizes! If the base you've chosen is taken over by the enemy, your game is over and you will not be eligible for prizes! Please defend the bases and cooperate with others to form a balanced attack! Now, for your own safety, all non-participants must leave the game area."

"Man, it looks like we might make it in time," Chamo said. "Sixty percent of participants are already in position. We still have a little over an hour before Chao Lingshen's plan starts. We'll have plenty of time to get ready."

"Chamo-san," said Setsuna, who had dressed up in a maid outfit similar to that what she wore during the Mahora Budokai, "What if Chao Lingshen sees our preparation and abandons her plans?"

"Then we'll just celebrate," Chamo said as he lit up another cigarette. "A large scale spell like the one she's planning to cast over the entire world takes time to invoke. She can maybe delay it an hour, tops."

"But what about Tullece?" Setsuna asked. "I don't think he will be standing by quietly."

"Now, that's a real possibility," Chamo mused. "It might be a good idea to wake up aniki a wee bit early! Make the call!" Setsuna nodded and tried to make a call using her cell phone. However, there was something wrong and Chamo had noticed it. "What's the matter?"

"The phones aren't working!"

"What!"

In that instant, at the lake of Mahora Academy, the robot army ascended from the water! Everyone was surprised and unprepared as one of the robots launched a laser beam. But instead of the participants being defeated, they were stripped of their clothes! It was the infamous Naked Ray! The girls' clothes were torn away, leaving them only in their panties. The men around them couldn't help but get nosebleeds from the sight. It would seem that the robots have attacked much earlier than expected. However, that didn't bother the mages as they went ahead with their mission.

Then suddenly a voice was shouted in the PA. "Trouble's coming!" It was Kazumi and she was dressed in a sexy witch's outfit that revealed a major amount of cleavage. Good thing that she wasn't on the field. "The dreaded Martian robot army has launched a surprise attack! A battle is already under way on the shores of Lake Mahora! Are you, the Mahora Mage Order, ready to face!" The crowds roared with cheer which meant yes. Kazumi smiled. "Let the games…BEGIN!"

The battle had begun. The participants were fighting admirably. The robots kept on sending their naked rays with many of the girls getting stripped of their clothes. Everyone was in full swing, ready to get that prize. However, there were too many robots and too many girls getting stripped of their clothes. Something had to be done. Yuna, Ako, Akira, Fuuka and Fumika were at the World Tree Plaza as part of the defense force when they suddenly saw twelve humanoid robots approaching. "Waah!" shouted Yuna. "H-Here they come! Prepare to attack!" Everyone attacked the approaching robots and down they went.

However, within a second the robots stood up, surprising everyone. The robots proceeded with attack of the naked ray but Yuna was ready. After all, she was a star athlete. She then shot all the robots with several shots. The girls of Class 3-A were impressed to say the least. But their victory was short lived as more robots came barraging in. Close to their position, Ku Fei, Setsuna, Chamo and Asuna were overlooking at the position. "Yuna is really getting into it-aru," Ku Fei commented.

"That's the great thing about the girls of 3-A!" Chamo commented. He turned his head to Asuna and Setsuna as they tried to get to Negi using their pactio cards. "What's the situation on our end?"

"It's no good," Asuna said. "The cards won't work either!"

"There's a chance that telepathic communications are also being blocked," stated Setsuna.

"I guess we gotta go get him the old-fashioned way," Chamo said.

Asuna nodded. "Right, Ku Fei, I'm sorry but can you go get Negi?" Ku Fei nodded in agreement however she was going to bring company as Ayaka and Makie had overheard the last part of their conversation. Ku Fei had no choice but to bring them along.



* * *



Back at the Library…

"Wow," Haruna commented as she noticed the time. "This mission's starting pretty soon. Shouldn't we wake up Negi-kun now?"

"Don't be in such a rush," Chisame responded. "There's over an hour left. Let him sleep for as long as possible."

"Um, Chisame-san?" Yue said.

"What?"

"It's about Chao-san and Negi-sensei," Yue said, surprising Chisame a bit. Yue went ahead with her explanation. "Chao-san's actions aren't exactly what you could call 'terrorist.' It's more like revolutionary. It could be called a world revolution, as it'll change the way people around the globe think without spilling any blood," explained Yue. "There are two major points regarding this revolution. Point one. By revealing the existence of magic to the world, the mages working to ease suffering around the globe can now work openly and without restriction. This will help more people. Point two. Chao-san may have planned this revolution in an attempt to avert some tragic event in the future. I believe that these two points are confusing Negi-sensei. He feels like there's a chance that Chao's doing the right thing."

"Wow, Chao-san does kinda seem like a good person," Nodoka commented.

"Hey now, Nodoka. It would make things easier if Chao-Lin was obviously evil," Haruna said. "You know the kind who executes innocent villagers while laughing maniacally, like Tullece."

"That's a bit too much of a comparison," Nodoka said.

"No, it's true!" Haruna stated. "It's popular to beat up the villain in a decisive manner! I'm sure that Gohan-kun did that in the future."

"However, I've come up with a logical reason to stop Chao-san, regardless of the 2 points I mentioned just now," Yue said.

"Really?" questioned Chisame. "You gotta tell him when he wakes up!"

"But it's only my opinion and there's no guarantee that it will help Negi-sensei," Yue responded.

"Just tell him!" Chisame said. "He needs support! You heard what the Future Takahata said! It might be good to think things through, yeah. He can't go into battle like this. Otherwise, he'll suffer the same fate as Takahata did in the end!"



* * *



Meanwhile, at the campus…

Things were not looking so good for the participants. There was no end to the robot army when as soon one was defeated, two took its place. Plus the spider tank was becoming very hard to knock down. Yuna defeated a robot when suddenly a battalion came through. It would seem that the World Tree Plaza was about to be taken over. It was going to be the end of her and her friends in not getting that prize. However, she suddenly heard a voice in the distance; a familiar chant to be precise. "KAMEHAME-HAAA!" A bright blue ki beam came from the sky and crashed against the robot army, effectively destroying them.

Everyone had seen the beam including Asuna and Setsuna as they were about to jump into the fray of the battle as their job as 'hero units.' Asuna, Setsuna and Yuna immediately thought of Gohan once they saw the figure that had launched the attack land on the ground. However, they failed to realize the spikey hair trademark of one, the only…Son Goku! "Yosh! Hey everyone!"

"Goku-san!" Yuna shouted. "What are you doing here!"

"Well, I saw you guys were in trouble so I decided to help out," Goku said. "Plus I am not the only one here."

Yuna blinked a few times; curious as to whom the Saiyan was referring to. However, her thinking stopped when she saw a few of the robots had survived Goku's Kamehame-Ha attack! She was about to scream for Goku to look out but she didn't have to as the robots were completely destroyed by a few sword swipes. Yuna and the girls of 3-A were gaping as it was Asuna and Setsuna who had destroyed the robots like they were nothing. "Asuna, Setsuna! What are you doing here!" asked Yuna.

"What do you mean? We're part of the Hero unit," Asuna said. "Goku-san here is also part of the hero unit."

Goku blinked a few times, wondering what the girls were talking about. "Hero units?" he asked.

"Yeah, it is in the pamphlet remember Goku-san?" Asuna questioned. Goku immediately pondered on this which wasn't a good sign. Asuna went to next to Setsuna and whispered, "You did tell Goku-san and the others about them being Hero Units right?"

Setsuna was about to respond to her question when suddenly, more robots came out. The girls got themselves in position to strike. However they didn't have to. "KIENZAN!" A yellow razor-sharp disk of energy coursed through the sky and sliced some of the robots in half. Everyone gaped at the sight, especially on the attack. Asuna and Setsuna immediately began to wonder where that attack came from. Could it be from Tullece and his goons?

Goku let out a smile as more robots approached him. The girls were about to call out to him to watch out but their worries were taken away when they heard more shouting.

"BIG BANG ATTACK!"

"MAKANKOSAPPO!"

The devastating attacks effectively destroyed the robot that remained. Everyone gasped as five figures suddenly appeared right next to Son Goku. One had a prominent widow's peak, another one had the same trademark hair as Goku's but much shorter, another one had green skin and a cape, another one had light purple hair and lastly another one was dressed in similar clothes to Goku but with the kanji for Kame on the back. Asuna and Setsuna recognized who they were. It was Gohan's friends: Goten, Trunks, Vegeta, Piccolo and Kuririn! Goku had a bright smile on his face. "Hey guys, glad you could make it!" Goku said.

"Kakarotto you should watch yourself," Vegeta said as he moved forward in front of the group. "After all, I am going to be the one to defeat you remember. You better not forget it." With that, Vegeta sprang up a blue aura around him and went up into the sky. Everyone gaped at the sight, watching Vegeta take up to the sky like it was nothing.

"Always the same Vegeta," Goku said with a Son grin.

"Goku-san, why did Vegeta-san leave like that?" Setsuna asked.

"Well, he probably wants to get some fighting alone. After all, he is a proud Saiyan prince," replied the Saiyan hero. "So what's this about being a Hero Unit?"

"Goku don't you remember?" Kuririn asked.

Goku looked at Kuririn with a dumbfounded look on his face. "Nope, can't remember," he said.

"Son, we are supposed to be the hero units," Piccolo stated. "Setsuna here told us about that earlier."

Goku pondered a few seconds, trying to remember the conversation that he had with Setsuna. Then, he finally remembered. "Oh yeah!" He scratched the back of his neck in embarrassment. "Sorry about that."

"So what's this about being a 'hero unit'?" Yuna questioned. "I'm confused."

"Here Yuna," Akira motioned to her as she started to read out loud the section about the hero units. "It says, 'once the game begins, several powerful helper characters (hero units) will appear to assist you. Please cooperate with them to attain higher scores.'"

"What!" Yuna gaped. "That's so unfair! Why do you get to do that!"

"No need to worry," Setsuna said. "We're part of the game to ramp up the excitement and realism. We're not eligible for the prize money."

"Oh, really?" Yuna said.

"That pretty much covers it!" Asuna said. "We're going to take care of the enemy below. You guys take care of what's left up here!" She then motioned to Setsuna, Goku, Goten, Trunks, Piccolo, and Kuririn to follow her. "Let's go guys!"

"Right!" And off they went to battle against the robots. As they coursed through the sky, the group saw more battles going on. The mage teachers also got in the battle as well, hitting with their infamous spells and stopping the robots from advancing. The tide was turning to the participants' favor. However, the defensive barrier surrounding the academy was under attack by an unknown assailant. The computer systems were being hacked by no other than Chachamaru as she was bypassing the firewalls at an incredible rate; a rate that was not humanly possible to catch up to.

Meanwhile, at Lake Mahora, things weren't going so well, when suddenly six giant robots appeared out of the water. Everyone at the lake immediately thought that it was a Gundam. However, they were wrong as one of the giant robots open its mouth to fire a massive naked ray attack at the participants. Many people were stripped of their clothes and lots of blood (from nosebleeds) was seen. "What an amazing spectacle!" commented Kazumi in her mike. "Mahora students are now in a state of panic at the sight of those giant Martian robots! Reports are in that three more giant robots have come ashore of the opposite bank! Things are looking desperate! How will the Mahora Mage Order overcome this challenge!"



* * *



Meanwhile, at the Library…

"It's no good! Cell phones aren't working!" Haruna said. The girls had just learned about the giant robots attacking the students through the TV monitor. Right now, they were trying to contact Chamo and the others to see what they should do next. Chisame wasn't sure what to do. Should they try to wake up Negi? Suddenly she noticed something on her computer. Her eyes widened. This is not good, she said to herself. She had Yue next to her and had commented on what just happened.

"The Academy's barrier's been taken down by an online attack!" Yue exclaimed.

"Using information from your artifact, I was able to access this mage-'net thingy. I couldn't get all the details but the academy's security system is down," Chisame explained.

"Isn't there something you can do?" Yue asked.

"Re-activating the barrier's probably going to be the best way to take care of those giant robots," Chisame replied. She typed away but couldn't do anything. She slammed her fists on the desk in frustration. "Dammit! A mini-laptop and a wireless 11B connection to the 'net isn't going to cut it!"

Once Chisame had said that, an idea had popped into Haruna's head. "So, if you had a better computer?" she asked with a sly smile on her face.

"No," responded Chisame while looking at the computer and continued to type as she had failed to notice the sly smile on Haruna's face. "Even with a better system, a normal person like me couldn't possibly do anything."

"Well then, I guess that means that it is time to do it," Haruna said as she nodded. "Chisame-chan, it's time for you to get your own artifact."

"Huh? What are you talking about?" Chisame questioned.

"You gotta give Negi-kun a big SMOOCH! It's time!" Haruna said with an evil smile on her face.

Chisame flinched. "Wh-Why would I do something like that!"

"No, no! Don't worry! You have our permission!" Haruna said as she grabbed Yue and Nodoka at her side. "See? Nodoka and Yue say it's okay, too."

"That's not what I'm saying– "

"What's wrong with kissing a ten-year-old boy?" Haruna questioned. "Why are you getting worked up, Chisame-chan?"

"Idiot! I am not!" Chisame responded angrily. "I-If I do that pactio thing, I can't turn back from this fantasy world!"

"You're being petty Chisame-chan!" Haruna said. "The whole world is in danger of becoming a fantasy world! You don't want that! Look at the big picture! What we need now is POWER!"

"W-Well…" But before Chisame could continue on, Ku Fei, Ayaka, Chamo and Makie had entered the room searching for Negi. Haruna took this opportunity to leave Chamo and Chisame alone with the boy teacher so as to do the ritual. Once Haruna was able to get everyone out, Chisame was left by herself with Chamo making the seal marks on the floor. Chisame couldn't believe her luck. It's true that we need more power on our side, Chisame said to herself. I've got too much to gain by kissing Negi for a powerful artifact. My opponent is either Chao or Chachamaru-san. In either case, I can't do anything with my laptop. I know the world is in danger, but I can't cope with this mixture of reality and fantasy. There's no choice? Besides, he's only 10 years old. There's no reason for me to get worked up over it. It's not like I am kissing Gohan-sensei. Suddenly, a mental image of Gohan lying on the couch instead of Negi appeared before her eyes. She was about to kiss the demi-saiyan as if it were some fairy-tale story.

Chisame immediately shook her head to get rid of those thoughts. What the hell was that? Chisame questioned herself. That doesn't matter. Let's get this over with. Chisame leaned closer over the boy teacher. Nervous sweats were showing up on the girl's face. Kinda feels like I'm committing a crime. Kissing the lips of a sleeping ten-year-old boy. No, no, no. He's only ten so it's no big deal. I shouldn't even be thinking too much. However at that moment, Negi opened his eye, wondering what was going. Chisame flinched and started to panic a bit. She covered the boy teacher's eyes as she proceeded with the kiss. As a result the pactio was formed! Chisame began to wonder how long she should continue with the kiss as thoughts of Gohan began to appear in her head. Her imagination began to run wild with her and the demi-saiyan kissing. Deep and passionate. She needed to get out here or else her mind was going to be lost.

Luckily, Chamo spoke up, "I'm done, Chiucchi!"

Chisame broke off from the boy teacher. "Finally!"

Negi wondered what was going on. "Chiu-san?"

"Sorry about making a probationary contract without telling you," Chisame said. Negi was about to question further but Chisame stopped him right there as she continued to speak. "There's a battle raging outside, just like you planned. So, uh, you leave the 'net side of things to me," Chisame explained. "Don't get stuck in your head! If you still can't make up your mind, listen to what Ayase has to say! It's your turn now! Get out of here, and go kick Chao's booty!"

Negi nodded with a determined look on his face. "Hai!"



* * *



Meanwhile…

The participants continued to battle against the robot army as well as the giant robots. However, the mages were having trouble dealing with the giant ones as they were a mixture of both demon and science. It was becoming difficult to defeat it and seal it away. "This is stadium sector!" said one of the mages, trying to speak to the other mages through telepathy. "We managed to trap Onikami B in a binding barrier. All civilians in the area have been evacuated!"

"Well? Can you seal it away!" asked Nijuin, a little overweight teacher.

"Not unless we can weaken it," the mage replied. "It's spiritual power is too great!"

"Nijuin-sensei!" screamed out a voice. The mage teacher turned around to see Asuna, Setsuna, Goku, Piccolo, Goten, Trunks and Kuririn running towards them.

"Can we do anything to help?" Setsuna asked.

Nijuin smiled as he noticed Goku in the group. "Perfect timing," he said. "We want to seal this giant away but we need to damage it first."

"Right!" Everyone nodded.

"However, don't damage it's head," warned Nijuin. "If the technological restraint on the Onikami's removed, it may rampage out of control. If that happens, clothes disappearing will be just the beginning!"

"We understand!" Trunks said. "Let's go Goten!" Goten nodded as the two young demi-saiyan went towards the giant robot.

Nijuin gasped. "What are those kids doing!" he said with a shocked look on his face. "It's too dangerous for them!"

"They will be fine," spoke a voice. Everyone turned around to see Takamichi standing before them.

"Takahata-sensei!" Asuna said.

"Hey it's glasses dude," Goku said. "How are you doing?"

"I'm doing good Goku-san," Takamichi replied. "Have you seen Gohan-kun by any chance?" Goku shook his head. "I see."

"But don't worry glasses dude, Gohan will be fine," Goku responded with a Son grin on his face. "After all, he is my son."

"That is he," Takamichi said.

"Takahata, shouldn't we help those boys?" asked one of the mages around the area. "They could get easily hurt!"

"Those two half-pints will be fine," Goku said in place of Takahata. "That big guy won't know what's coming." Nijuin gaped at Goku's comment. Why was the Saiyan so confident on the boys' skills? Could they really actually put some harm on this monster?

"Okay Goten," Trunks said as the two young demi-saiyans stood in front of the giant robot, "let's do it like we practiced."

"Mmm," Goten nodded.

The two demi-saiyan warriors stood next to each other as they stood before the giant demon. The mages wondered what was going on as they were desperately trying to sustain the giant robot from escaping. Any longer, the giant robot would break free and continue on its rampage. The two boys started their speech with Trunks taking the lead. "You're finished now…"

"Big robot guy!" finished Goten. Within a few seconds, Goten turned to his partner in crime. "I was right, me just saying 'big robot guy' was a let-down."

"That's because you couldn't remember your line, isn't it?" Trunks mentioned. "Stop complaining and let's keep going, otherwise you'll forget."

"Yeah, okay."

"Here we go!" Trunks said.

Goten nodded. "Okay!" The two boys then did their fusion dance. "Fuu-sion! HA!" Once their index fingers had touched each other, a bright light encased the two boys. Everyone except for the Z senshi covered their eyes from the bright light. After the light had died down, everyone gaped at the sight. Instead there being two boys, there was now one boy wearing a strange outfit! "Ta-da! It's Gotenks!" said the fused warrior as he did his signature pose.

"Incredible," muttered Nijuin as he felt the incredible power emanating from the fused demi-saiyan warrior. He couldn't believe that such a technique existed. Perhaps it could be useful to the mage society in the near future.

"You haven't seen nothing yet Nijuin-sensei," Setsuna stated. Although it was not in her nature to brag or anything but she had experience in seeing Gotenks in action first hand, especially against a similar giant monster called Hildegarn.

The giant robot let out a loud roar, not afraid of Gotenks's incredible power. The fused demi-saiyan warrior let out a grin upon the giant robot's reaction. "I see that you are not intimated by the great Gotenks-sama's power," said the fused demi-saiyan warrior. "Well in that case, I should go all out against you!" With a warrior's cry, a white aura surrounded the fused warrior. The buildings around him began to shake and pebbles began to spring up from the remains. Everyone that was present at the Mahora Budokai knew what Gotenks was going to do. He was transforming into a Super Saiyan! And sure enough, he did just that.

A blazing golden aura sprang up around the fused warrior, changing Gotenks's hair into a gold color. His onyx eyes changed into a jade color and his muscles expanding a bit. "Ta-da! Super Saiyan Gotenks!" said the fused warrior with a grin on his face. He had hoped that the giant robot would react to this. However, it did the opposite as the robot showed no change in reaction. It would seem that he didn't even notice the increase in power as the other mages had noticed. This didn't sit too well with the fused Super Saiyan warrior. "All right you asked for it!"

Gotenks floated up into the air and launched forward towards the giant robot. The mages tried to stop him as the Onikami had broken through their barriers, but they didn't have to worry. Gotenks could easily handle himself even if he had a big ego. The giant robot went ahead with a fist but the fused demi-saiyan warrior side-stepped in mid-air and avoided the attack. He went with a punch to the chin of the Onikami, causing the machinery around the chin to crack. Gotenks floated even higher as he watched with enjoyment at the result of his punch. The giant robot had cried out in pain, rubbing his chin. Gotenks did the peace sign for a job well done. Well not exactly. "Baka!" screamed Piccolo. "Nijuin-sensei just told you not to attack the head!"

"Oops, sorry about that," Gotenks said while scratching the back of his neck. He also let out a nervous laugh. Piccolo couldn't help but face palm himself.

And true enough to Nijuin's word, the Onikami went berserk. It started off by firing various beams at the ground, destroying various buildings. And these beams weren't your average naked ray beams. Oh no. These were the very destructive beams. Goku immediately recognized it when the beam almost hit their position. "Gotenks, finish him right now!" Goku screamed. "Otherwise, he will destroy this entire area!"

"Hai, hai," said Gotenks as he floated up in the air. "All right ugly, time to finish you off! RENZOKU SHINE-SHINE MISSILES!" Gotenks fired off a barrage of ki beams at the Onikami, effectively damaging it. The Onikami didn't know what was coming at him as he took the punishment blows from Gotenks's Continuous Die-Die Missiles. After the barrage was over and the smoke had cleared, the giant robot was severely beaten causing it to fallen hard to the ground with a thud. Gotenks let out a large grin on his face. "What do ya think?"

The only response he got was hit on the head from Piccolo. "Baka, you should have finished him off earlier," Piccolo said. "Plus you should have not hit his head!"

"Sorry Piccolo-san," Gotenks said. Then suddenly, Gotenks and Z senshi sensed something in the air. It was something strange but it was heading directly at Gotenks! But before they could do anything, Takamichi had come right up next to the fused demi-saiyan warrior. Using Iai-ken, the mage teacher blocked the incoming projectile. "Woah," commented Gotenks as he was totally caught unprepared.

"What just happened Takahata!" asked Nijuin.

"It's a sniper!" Takamichi said. "Everyone watch out!"

Everyone nodded. Nijuin then began to give out orders. "Everyone! Erect magical barriers at maximum power! They may be using barrier-piercing rounds. Take proper counter-measures according to plan!"

"Right!" said the mages as they started their incantations. However, suddenly one of the mages was hit!

"Are you all right?" asked Nijuin the mage that was hit as his barrier had protected him.

"I'm fine. The barrier…" But before the mage could say anything else, he was quickly engulfed by a dark orb and disappeared!

"Oh, no!" screamed Nijuin. "Retreat and take cover now!" Suddenly, almost all of the mages were hit by the special bullet and had the same fate as the earlier mage! This was not good! Nijuin and the others took cover. The Z senshi did so as well once they had seen the result of the bullet hitting someone. They couldn't anticipate where it was coming from since it was coming from a sniper and couldn't ascertain the position of the bullet. A nervous sweat appeared on Nijuin's face as he analyzed the situation. They disappeared! He said to himself. The barrier was no use. I've never seen such a weapon! The sniper is somewhere on the other side of this wall. What do I do!

However, before Nijuin could do anything, he too was hit by the special bullet and disappeared! Asuna, Setsuna and Misora, who had just come recently, started to panic. "What happening?" Goku asked. He didn't like this one bit at all.

"It's all right everyone!" Takamichi said. "Worry about your surroundings right now!"

"Takamichi is right, everyone try to sense this sniper's ki," Piccolo added. "We need to find this person before more are lost."

"Don't worry Piccolo-san, that was probably some kind of compulsory teleportation magic," Takamichi explained. "I'm sure they are fine."

Goku and the others nodded. "Still, we need to be careful when we are out there," Goku mentioned. "Otherwise, all of our efforts will be wasted."

"True," Takamichi responded. "Putting such power into a bullet would limit the teleportation distance to about 3 kilometers. It wouldn't be a problem for you Goku-san, but for the others it would take a long time to come back to the academy."

"But if the distance is 3 kilometers, what's the purpose of that?" asked Gotenks.

"You're right," spoke up a girlish voice, grabbing everyone's attention. "That may be effective in a real battlefield, but transported 3 kilometers away in this case would be pretty useless, especially with the special abilities that the Saiyans have."

"What if it's not 3 kilometers away, but 3 hours into the future?" spoke another voice, this time gruffer than the other voice. It sounded similar to that of Goku's voice but had a definite feel of evil behind the tone of voice. Everyone shudder in fear as they turned around to see two figures standing before everyone. "That changes things, no?" Tullece and Chao Lingshen had arrived!

"Chao Lingshen!" roared Setsuna and Asuna as they got their blades ready for battle. They anticipated in meeting her at some point, but having Tullece with her changed everything. This was not good!

"Tullece!" Goku roared as he and the Z senshi got in fighting position as well. "You finally showed up!"

Tullece, the evil Saiyan, grinned. "Hello there…Kakarotto."



* * *



Author's note: Hey everybody! Hope you all enjoyed the chapter. It was a good chapter if I do say so myself. lol. Anyways, I have an announcement. There won't be a chapter next week because of two reasons. First, I need some time to collect some data for the next few chapters. Secondly, I am going to be away in Tokyo and won't be bringing my laptop with me. Sorry. But I promise that once I come back, I post a chapter the next weekend.

Anyways, Glossary time:

KIENZAN: Kuririn's attack. Basically a yellow sharp disc that can almost cut through anything. It is also known as Destructo Disc in the American Dub.

READ AND REVIEW! I can't stress that enough! I want everyone who reads this chapter to leave a review. It shouldn't take more than a minute of your time, especially after reading this chapter. Enough of my rant. See you all in two weeks! Peace!





*Chapter 42*: The Mahora Battle Royale!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. See Chapter 1 for details.

Author's note: Hey everyone! I'm back! Hope you guys enjoyed these past two weeks! I know I did, especially with my trip to Tokyo, the start of a new school year, the weather is getting warmer (well, somewhat), and NO SNOW as of yet! It's going great.

I want to thank theprincedonte for beta reading this chapter. Now let me present to everyone Chapter 42 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 42: The Mahora Battle Royale! Son Gohan's return!

The battle had been turned. The momentum was now going towards Chao's robot army as the robots had pulled out the big guns, literally. Using Gatling Guns, missiles and other weapons, the robots used special bullets on the students, engulfing them in a strange orb. The people caught in these orbs immediately disappeared within a few seconds. Things had turned for the worse. And things couldn't be any worse for Asuna, Setsuna and the Z senshi as Chao and Tullece had appeared before them.

The Z senshi, Takamichi, Setsuna and Asuna were all in fighting poses as they saw their main target in front of them. Tullece let out an evil grin. "It's finally nice to see you again Kakarotto," said the evil Saiyan.

"Tullece," Goku said. His face had a stern look that the girls had never seen from the Saiyan hero. "I never expected to see you again. I thought you were… "

"Dead?" Tullece interrupted. "Well, I was very close to it. It was by chance that I survived to see you fall Kakarotto. I'm sure that those two girls have told you everything about me."

"Of course," Piccolo spoke up. "Gohan is currently fighting you now in the future and I'm sure he will be back any minute."

"That's right!" Asuna added.

Tullece chuckled and then suddenly went into a full blown laughter. "Ha ha ha ha! You really think so? That brat beating me, a true elite Saiyan warrior? Don't make me laugh. Even if he did, I highly doubt that he would be able to come back to this time period."

"That doesn't matter!" Goku said angrily. "My son will come back and in the meantime, I will make sure that you are defeated before he gets here!"

"Really Kakarotto?" Tullece questioned. "You think you can defeat me?"

"I won't know unless I try," Goku said.

"We'll see about that," Tullece said. "As much as I would like to kill you, I have other priorities at the moment."

"Like what?" asked Kuririn.

"The whereabouts of Negi Springfield," answered Chao Lingshen. "I admit; Tullece and I have to commend you on this extravagant operation. This took me by surprise and forced me to adjust my plans."

"We never expected all of you to get this far," Tullece said with a smirk. "You all deserve some praise for your actions. Did Negi Springfield come up with this plan of yours?"

The girls didn't respond, which meant only one thing. And Chao knew what it meant. "I'm sure if Asuna-san and Setsuna-san are here then that means that Negi-bozu is here as well," stated the Chinese genius. "Where is he?"

"Like hell we would tell you!" Asuna said angrily as she got her sword in front of her. "I'm going to beat you two here so that Negi and Gohan won't have to fight against either of you."

"You wouldn't stand a chance against me girl," Tullece responded. "Here let me show you." But before he could move any further, Chao stopped him by raising her hand and blocking his path. Tullece frowned his eyebrows in anger. "What the hell are you doing Chao?"

"Tullece, I think it would be better if I handled them," Chao stated. "Plus, you have to take care of Son Goku and the others."

"That is true. No. 16b and No. 17b come forth!" Tullece called out. Within a second, the two artificial humans appeared, getting surprised looks from the Z senshi.

"No freaking way!" Kuririn commented. Standing before the Z senshi, Asuna, Setsuna, Misora and Takamichi were No. 16b and No. 17b. Goku clenched his fists in anger as he glared at Tullece. How dare he use those artificial humans! Kuririn's body trembled. "They look exactly like No. 17 and No. 16!"

"Of course," responded Tullece. "After all, they were based on Doctor Gero's original design. Now, how should we handle this? There are four of you and only two Artificial Humans."

"Tullece if I may say a suggestion?" No. 17b said. "How about using those Saibamen that you brought along?" Kuririn widened his eyes when he heard that comment. They couldn't possibly have Saibamen with them?

"Good idea No. 17b," Tullece said. He reached into his chest plate, searching for something. He kept looking around for a few moments before finally grabbing it and bringing it forth. It was a glass vial with six little seeds inside of it. "Here they are," said the evil Saiyan as he began to dig holes in the ground and placed the seeds inside. Then, he took out another vial, this time with a green liquid. The evil Saiyan poured a little bit of liquid over each hole that he made. "There, finished."

Suddenly, out of the blow, a squadron of 6, little figures popped out from the rubble and landed around the Artificial Humans No. 16b and No. 17b. They flanked their comrades and took fighting stances of their own. The Z senshi present were shocked at this turn of events as they were faced with these multicolored, alien looking creatures. They were very small, about Kuririn's size a few years back. There were two green colored ones, two red ones, and two blue ones. All of them glared down the Z senshi with grins on their faces and red eyes glowing.

"Great, now we've got even bigger problems," the former monk said with a nervous stammer. "I can't believe that we fight against these things again." Goku glared down at No. 16b, No. 17b and the Saibamen, calculating their odds of succeeding. The Saibamen emitted ki's, which was good since they knew what they were up against when it came to them. The Artificial Humans however still posed a big problem. Like the ones before, the Z senshi couldn't sense their ki at all.

"Alright guys, let's show them what we've got. There are two Saibamen for each of you, so that pits me against these two Artificial Humans. You hold off those Saibamen while I bring down No. 16b and No. 17b. Asuna, Setsuna, glasses dude, you handle that Chinese girl," Goku stated. His friends at his sides nodded, taking their stances again and focusing their attention on their targets.

"Right!" they all yelled in unison.

In an explosion of power, Goku charged up to Super Saiyan, sending a blasting wind in every direction. A second explosion of wind occurred as the now powered up Saiyan shot at No. 17b and No. 16b. Faster than his enemies could have expected, Goku kneed No. 17b in the face, sending him staggering back before sending a backwards roundhouse kick aimed at No. 16b. He struck the artificial humans hard, sending them both staggering back before taking to the skies. After regaining their balance, the two Artificial Humans turned skywards as well and flew after him. Goku climbed fast, hard and high, reaching an altitude above the city where they were nearly seen as dots. Seconds later, No. 16b and No. 17b caught up with him and suddenly cornered him on both sides. In a flash, the three vanished, the sky filling with a series of sonic explosions and booms of force as fists began to collide. Now things were really heating up, and the battle was on.

The Z senshi, Asuna, Setsuna and Takamichi whom were on the ground, looking up into the skies, gaping in shock at the speeds Goku was ripping at. He was breaking through sound barriers every step of the way. He was really moving. Suddenly, when they looked back down, they saw the Saibamen attack them, flying through the air and coming down on them fast. In reaction, the four broke, just as all eight minions landed. In their pairs according to color, they took off after their targets. Gotenks was pursued by the green ones, Piccolo the blue ones, and Kuririn the Red ones. The little imps, though small and old in terms of confrontations in the past, these ones were a lot faster than anticipated, courtesy of Tullece and Chao Lingshen. "Be careful, these Saibamen are much stronger than the ones that you have encountered before," Tullece stated with an evil grin on his face.

"That is true," Chao said as she looked at Asuna, Setsuna and Takamichi. "After all, we enhanced their abilities. Now, where were we?" Takamichi, Asuna and Setsuna all got into fighting position, ready to do battle. And they did. Within seconds, the buildings and streets areas on the ground were beginning to stack with more explosions and sounds of fists colliding. Now the entire gang was pitted into a battle, no, a war of colossal proportions.



* * *



Meanwhile, at the library…

"Negi-kun we're ready," Haruna announced as she, Ku, Nodoka and Kaede were standing in the library in battle ready armor. Near them Ayaka and Makie were gushing about how cool Negi was as he stood up, and ripped the bandage on his face.

"Good. I'm ready too," the red head replied in a cool manner. "Let's go."

"Alright!" Haruna shouted.

"But Yue is still explaining things to Chisame," Nodoka interjected. Makie and Ayaka walked up to Negi and spoke to him.

"Negi-sensei, where are you going?" Makie asked.

"I heard that you were tired and left to rest," Ayaka told the teacher. Negi laughed nervously, his face gaining a small tint of red. This made Ayaka coo at the sight.

"About that, I'm sorry for worrying you. Also thank you for very much Iincho-san. Asking for your power and wealth to aid me for selfish purposes."

Again Ayaka blushed. "N-not at all sensei! It's not a big deal! As long as it's Negi-sensei I will be willing do any unreasonable requests!"

"Thank you so much really. I will repay you one day."

"No! That's too much!" Negi smiled at the eagerness of his student, and then turned towards his other student who was not magically aware.

"It looks like Makie-san and everyone else helped a lot as well. Thank you."

"Ehehehe," Makie laughed, "it was nothing Negi-sensei!"

"Now let's go then Negi-kun!" Haruna shouted. Negi nodded as he left Ayaka and Makie in the care of Chisame who had requested their help.

As the group was running outside, Negi ran up next to Yue. "Yue-san!"

"Yes?" responded Yue.

"Chisame-san said I should talk to you," Negi said.

"Y-Yes," Yue said. "This is just my personal opinion. I don't know if it'll help."

Suddenly, the group came across some of the robot army that would seem that had been waiting for Negi and the others. The girls weren't able to do anything as they continued to dodge the special bullets from the robot army. However, Negi Springfield had other plans as he sprang into action. "RASTEL MASKIL MAGISTER DIOS TUKOS!"

The spider tank was defeated instantly. The girls couldn't help but in awe at Negi's skills. He was definitely improving into a formidable warrior. "Let's go!" said the boy teacher. The girls nodded in agreement as they continued with their journey.



* * *



Meanwhile…

Tullece was looking skywards, taking note of the fights with his scouter that he pulled out, but these mostly concerned Goku and little towards the others. He knew that his Saibamen would be able to hold off the others, and were just expendable assets anyway. He chuckled.

"No. 16b and No. 17b will make short work of Kakarotto before this day is through," Tullece stated, looking down to see his Saibamen taking on their targets. "I guess I should be looking for the boy now. I don't have time to waste." Tullece then pressed the side button on the scouter and began to search for Negi's battle power.

Meanwhile, Piccolo was already in the air, defending himself from the tiny fighters coming in from his left and right. Kuririn was mercilessly pummeling his share, the one Saibamen putting up a descent fight with the other one circling the monk to find an opening. Gotenks fought fairly well against his opponents after he went back to his normal state to save up energy, and was hopping from area to area, throwing them off of him and countering every attack they launched.

Letting out a roar, Piccolo elbowed one of his Saibamen in the stomach, sending him into a nearby building before the second one came at him to his right. The Namekian turned and defended himself from the flurry of attacks it's launched while the building beyond his reach collapsed on top of the buried imp. Piccolo blocked several of its punches, the clawed hands making him nervous. Plus its unorthodox movements made it hard to predict what it was going to do next. Its stance was awkwardly placed, and it had no skill whatsoever. Its only intention was to kill its target. Piccolo floated up slowly as the Saibamen pressed on with its assault, making the Namekian nervous. The imp screamed, throwing a powered up right fist straight for the green fighter's face. Piccolo grabbed it easy and took its arm into two hands. Spinning round and round in mid-air, he then tossed it towards the ground where it crashed into a heap of bricks and debris, disappearing amongst it. After which he brought his right hand up and aimed a powerful, golden ki blast into the pile. The blast struck home, exploding with incredible force. However, when it was thought his opponent was gone, the Saibaman reappeared and charged at him, screeching loudly. The first one he was fighting also shot out from the rubble, shooting straight for Piccolo at rapid speed. The Namekian attacked the second one, grabbing it by the arm and elbowing a few times then punched him away before engaging the other in a fist fight. Their fight carried on through the air, weaving through the buildings before returning to the ground. Piccolo landed and leapt back, just as the two Saibamen struck the ground where he once stood. Getting onto their hands and feet, they turned in his direction and pounced, charging and letting out similar screeches.

Kuririn nervously backed away as his two Saibamen ganged up on him. The red imps leered at him, making low clicking sounds in their wake. In a split second, the two creatures charged, attacking at the same time. Kuririn made haste, becoming quick on his feet and using all his concentration. He began blocking the attacks sent at him from both Saibamen. They put further pressure on him, forcing him back and back, not letting up. Their punches flew, forcing Kuririn to block, parry and avoid each and every attack while backing away. After a few seconds of being locked in this excessive pounding, Kuririn broke away from the fray, kicking off and leaping back. He landed lightly, kicking off again flying up as one of the two charged at kicked out at him, only to find he was gone. Tracking the former monk the two Saibamen shot after him. They zipped through the air and reached Kuririn in three seconds flat, attacking once more. The first Saibaman punched out, only for Kuririn to spin and move out of the way and fly in a different direction. The second Saibaman followed and struck down at him with a hammer strike. Kuririn blocked that and pummeled it with an upper cut, elbow, punch and then finally a kick. He knocked the creature away, before being attacked by the first one again. After an intense exchange of punches, kicks and a share of blocks and dodges, Kuririn managed to catch the Saibamen in a lock, grabbing him by the head and kneeing him. Making the creature stagger back, the former monk pummeled him with two hooks and a straight kick up into its chin, knocking it back. Then, leaping up high and gaining altitude, Kuririn brought up his two hands and threw it forward, unleashing a powerful, blue blast of energy. It skimmed through the air, striking one of the Saibamen and exploding. It sent the beast falling for the ground, where it crashed in the middle of a damaged road, forming a crater and sending dust flying. Kuririn fisted his hands and grinned wildly.

"Yes! Take that creep!" he yelled, pointing at the ground. He let out a yelp and backed away when suddenly Yamcha flew past, pursued by the two Saibamen he was fighting. The former monk watched him land on one of the partially destroyed buildings where he met the full brunt of the attacks from both sides from both creatures. It was then Kuririn looked down to see the two red Saibamen flying up at him, both of them more battered and bruised than he was. The former monk growled to see them still standing and charged in kind, locking fists with them when he met them half way. The three battled hard, with the two creatures moving about to throw Kuririn's concentration off.

Gotenks meanwhile, was facing his opponents on the rooftops, leaping from building to building while engaging in wild fury with both creatures. Grabbing the arm of his first attacker, he spun him round and threw him into the second one, sending both of them careering over the side of the building the fight was situated on top. They fell for a good thirteen stories before separating and flying back up to the top of the building. Here, they took different routes, one of them going straight into the building while the other continued upwards. Gotenks readied himself, throwing both hands back and cupping them at his side. Here, he began chanting the familiar words of Goku's signature move.

"KA…ME…HA…ME…" The Saibaman appeared, flying up before charging at him. Gotenks grinned and threw both hands forward, unleashing his attack at close range. "HAAAA!" he screamed. The blue blast shot out of his arms with incredible magnitude, striking the Saibaman and consuming it in a fiery grave. Well, that's what he thought. After briefly catching the creature within its most dangerous point, it exploded, sending the smoking body hurling back the way it came. Gotenks grinned and held his right fist up.

"Oh yeah!" the fused demi-saiyan warrior exclaimed. "Deep fried and go…GAH!" he yelled in shock, when the second Saibaman burst out from right underneath him, showering his pants with dust and debris. Flying straight up, the creature sent a punishing blow straight into his face, knocking Gotenks staggering back. Stopping himself with a bruised face, the fused demi-saiyan warrior took a stance and growled, shaking an angry fist. "Oh…you are so dead!" Gotenks yelled, before charging at the creature.

He sent a powerful elbow across its face, sending it flying and then pursuing it in kind. The Saibaman managed to flip back into submission and charged in return, engaging in another fist fight with the fighter. The two slowly descended during their brawl, fists and kicks exchanged between the two of them with either one blocking or receiving the punishing blow. When they got down to two stories, they both kicked away from each other and landed a ways from each other when they came back down to earth. Gotenks took a different stance, his ki level rising as he watched the creature shift around a bit. When it was clear that the fighter was not going to attack him, the Saibaman screeched and charged, flying through the air at an incredible speed. Gotenks prepared himself, going through a series of hand movements before dropping into a wide stance, hands clawed and ready. Gritting his teeth he charged in kind.

"ROGAFUFUKEN!" he yelled, meeting with the Saibamen in the center. The two collided, elbows first. From here, Gotenks followed up with a swift, powerful assault. Fists and kicks flew through the air, all of them striking his target. He hammered blows away, straight into the imp creature. The punishing blows were hard and fast, the Saibaman drifting back through the air as its gut and face was pummeled mercilessly. Then, after many connected blows, Gotenks finished off with a double palmed strike to its stomach, sending it flying back and skidding to a stop when it lost a strong momentum. It stopped at the base of a telephone pole.

After downing that creature, Gotenks returned to his original fighting stance when the second Saibaman came back into the spray. Although scarred and burnt, it charged at him with clear fury, catching Gotenks off guard. The fused demi-saiyan warrior received a blow straight across the face, sending him staggering back before he leapt into the air and away when the creature followed up the attack. Screeching wildly, it chased Gotenks throwing various punches his way before eventually, after shifting through the air in avoidance of the monster's attacks, Gotenks began to attack back. These two fought fiercely, as the other Saibaman slowly got back to its feet.

While these two were fighting, Takamichi and Chao stared at each other momentarily with Takamichi's clothes all tattered up by his fight with Chao. Asuna and Setsuna, meanwhile, had been taken out of commission thanks in no part to Chao. They were no match for her abilities at this moment. Chao grinned at the mage teacher. "Despite the odds against you, you've managed to hold me off," spoke the evil Chinese genius. "Your combat experience is showing. Specifically, you've been through more battles than I have."

"You may not cause any casualties today, but if magic's existence is revealed, it will unleash chaos on the world," Takamichi responded. "Do you understand, Chao-kun?"

"Of course I do," Chao replied. "This method has the lowest risk and the fewest problems. You should be aware of that, Takahata-sensei. As for any unexpected political and military events during the next few decades, I'll monitor and deal with them accordingly. I'm prepared, both technologically and financially. Plus I have Tullece on my side which will help me eliminate any potential threats that may arise."

"I see," Takamichi said. "You're still taking a tremendous risk. No one with similar methods has ever succeeded in controlling the world. Also, how would you know if Tullece is trustworthy? He could turn against you and rule the world himself."

"I highly doubt it. It'll only be a short time before the world stabilizes. Trust me," Chao said. "I'll do it right. Considering your line of work, you must be capable of seeing the truth. The only way to change injustice and inequality is to do it by force. So how about it, Takahata-sensei? Won't you join me?"

Takamichi pondered a bit, however that was the opportunity that Chao was looking for. The Chinese genius suddenly sprang up behind the mage teacher, hitting him the special bullets. Takamichi clenched his teeth in anger. "Got ya," said Chao. "You hesitated for a sec." A black orb surrounded Takamichi, which could only mean one thing: He was going to be sent three hours into the future! "See ya later, Takahata-sensei…In three hours' time, in a world where my plans have changed everything."

The orb immediately disappeared, leaving Chao to her own devices while the Z senshi continued with their battle. "Now then," spoke the Chinese girl as she glanced around. "I think Asuna-san and Setsuna-san should also exit the battlefield." When she turned around, however, Asuna and Setsuna were gone! Plus, Tullece had left as well. After a few seconds of thinking, Chao came upon a realization. Misora had come to rescue Setsuna and Asuna using her speed while Tullece went off to search for Negi Springfield. She hoped that the Saiyan wouldn't do anything too drastic against the boy teacher. After all, he was her ancestor.

Suddenly, there was a reoccurring explosion above them, Chao losing her foot as the force winds hit her. She looked up and saw Goku engaged in a ferocious battle with Artificial Human No. 16b. The Super Saiyan warrior was valiantly holding his own against both Artificial Humans as he had raised it to the next level by turning into a Super Saiyan 2, and had already suffered multiple injuries. His face was all bruised up, plus his gi was tattered now. No. 17b and No. 16b were also bruised up, but weren't running low on energy. Goku was easily exhausted because of their vicious assaults.

After blocking a series of punches and combination attacks from No. 16b, Goku pushed him back with a light, invisible wave of energy. Stopping just a few feet away, No. 16b approached again, fist held back and ready to attack. To which, Goku used the opportunity to his advantage, pulling his own fist back and sent a power punch across his opponent's face. This sent the Artificial Human flying with a yelp of surprise and pain. Just as the Saiyan warrior was pulling back his fist, Artificial Human No. 17b came down from nowhere and struck him in the back with a kick. Goku plummeted with a painful yell. He spun towards the ground, out of control. Just then, he quickly regained his composure and took control of his fall, locking into a ball and spinning fast, losing momentum. He then opened up, stopping himself. With a quick power up, his aura sprung up around him and he shot into the air, out of blast effectiveness.

As he was flying back, No. 16b appeared, bursting out of a nearby building and sending a hook straight across the Saiyan's face. The blow crippled Goku's flight pattern and sent him falling again. Just then, No. 17b appeared at his companion's side with a charged energy attack. Pulling back his right hand, which was glowing blue, he pitched it forward, throwing a sparkling ball of energy straight down at their falling opponent. The Power Blitz attack caught up with Goku, and struck him hard, exploding with the force ten times stronger than that of a pack of C4. The spiky haired warrior floated out of the hot smoke, burnt on his arms and gi. He had managed to cross his arms over his face just as the attack made contact. After which he uncrossed his arms and powered up, his blazing golden aura exploding around him and sending the smoke away. He drifted for a moment and then took flight and charged straight for his two opponents. No. 16b and No. 17b took prepared stances, gritting their teeth and bracing themselves. Goku was proving to be a tough opponent, even for them.



* * *



Meanwhile…

Negi and the others had reached to where the rail cars were parked. As soon as they reached the end of one car, Negi signaled everyone to stop. "We're approaching an open area," Negi said. "Be on your guard and follow me."

"Okay," everyone nodded. Negi was the first one to move as he checked out the scene and leaned against the second car. Yue, Ku Fei and Nodoka followed after him as Kaede and Haruna awaited their turn.

Haruna turned to the Mahora ninja as something was bothering her. "Negi-kun can fly, right?" asked Haruna. "Wouldn't it be better for him to leave us behind and go ahead?"

"Chao-dono is using unknown special ammunition," Kaede replied. "He risks getting hit by a sniper if he takes flight de-gozaru."

Negi, while leaning against the rail car, sensed someone approaching. Quickly putting some magic and ki in his staff, he turned the corner to see Sister Shakti in front of him! "Shakti-sensei!" greeted the boy teacher.

"Negi-sensei, we have a major problem!" Shakti said. "Most of the magical teachers have been taken by Chao Lingshen's special bullets! These bullets envelop you completely!" Within that instant, the nun was hit by that same special bullet. Her fate sealed as the black orb surrounded her and quickly disappeared! Everyone immediately took cover inside the rail cars, knowing that a sniper was out there.



* * *



Meanwhile…

The battle was not going so well for the Mahora participants. The tide had definitely turned in favor to Chao and her robot army. Kazumi, in the meantime, continued with her announcing. "We're in deep trouble now! Due to the robot army's superior firepower, World Tree Square is about to fall into enemy hands! How will the Mahora Mage Order counter their attack!"

At that moment, a loud evil laugh was heard across the campus. "FUHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!" Everyone looked up to see a giant holographic image of Chao Lingshen! "MEMBERS OF THE MAHORA MAGE ORDER, THIS BATTLE LOOKS TO BE AN UPHILL ONE," spoke the hologram. "I'M THE COMMANDER OF THE MARTIAN ROBOT ARMY AND THE EVIL FINAL BOSS, CHAO LINGSHEN. YOU SHOWED GREAT BRAVERY DURING THE FIRST HALF OF THIS BATTLE. I WOULD HAVE EXPECTED NO LESS FROM THE STUDENTS OF MAHORA ACADEMY. THE RULE THAT ALLOWS YOU TO RETURN TO THE FIGHT WITH ONLY A POINT PENALTY IS TOO GENEROUS. I'VE PREPARED A NEW RULE FOR YOU." Showing the special bullet of hers, Chao continued. "YOU'RE INSTANTLY DISQUALIFIED IF YOU GET HIT WITH THIS BULLET. USING SPECIAL TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPED BY THE ENGINEERING CLUB, YOU'LL BE SENT TO A SPECIAL LOSERS' SECTION WHERE YOU'LL SLEEP UNTIL THE GAME IS FINISHED. I THINK THE REAL PENALTY IS NOT THE DISQUALIFICATION BUT THE FACT YOU'LL SLEEP THROUGH THE CLIMAX OF THE MAHORA FESTIVAL. WHAT DO YOU THINK?"

Protests began to ring out across campus. Amused, Chao continued with her speech. "HEH HEH HEH! ISN'T THIS EXCITING? YOU ARE FREE TO EXIT THE GAME IF YOU LIKE. FYI, YOU SHOULD KNOW THAT MY ARMY HAS DISPATCHED MOST OF YOUR PRECIOUS HERO UNITS. CAN YOU STOP MY MARTIAN ROBOT ARMY WITHOUT THEIR HELP? I WISH YOU THE BEST OF LUCK!"

Everyone began to murmur amongst themselves, wondering what they should do. Kazumi had the answer to that as she spoke into the mike. "Now then, the evil final boss, Chao Lingshen, has finally shown herself!" commented Kazumi. "Today's event has been brought to you by the Yukihiro group in cooperation with Chao Bao Zi! Chao Lingshen has taken the role of the final boss for this game! Chao Lingshen is hiding somewhere in the game area during this battle! A special reward will be given to the play who finds her first!"

And with that, the participants' confidence grew starting with Yuna as she accepted Chao's challenge. Others followed and the battle continued, this time the Mahora Mage Order was ready to put everything on the line to win this battle and get the special prize!



* * *



Meanwhile…

Reaching the two Artificial Humans, Goku engaged both of them. The first contact blow locked all three of them, with resounding, unequal forces sending them flying back. It was after being sent back at equal 10 meter intervals when the three flew back in. This was where the punches and kicks really started to fly. Goku averted between the two Artificial Humans, when it appeared he fought them at the same time. They all drifted through the sky as they fought, shock waves ringing out whenever powerful combinations struck home. It was a whirlwind of fists and feet, the very fight itself shaking the buildings around them. After hundreds of punches and kicks had been made, Goku decided to finish up. Just as he was being pressured on by the two Artificial Humans, he threw both hands out and unleashed two invisible blasts of energy. Both his opponents were knocked back, allowing him to attack again.

Getting himself in a horse stance, Goku called upon the ki within to do the next Super Saiyan level transformation. The ground around him began to shake heavily. The two Artificial Humans recovered in mid-air and watched as Goku began to do an amazing transformation. His golden hair began to shine ever so brightly as it began to grow and grow. Then, with a loud warrior's cry, a bright light surrounded the Saiyan hero. Once the light died down, it revealed a whole new Goku…Super Saiyan 3 Goku! Instead of having a long standing golden hair, his hair ran down to the bottom as it reached to his hip. He no longer had eyebrows and his eyes were still jade color with black irises. That wasn't the most surprising part as his energy output was enormous. Goku had wished that he didn't have to use this transformation but he had no choice. These Artificial Humans were strong, very strong.

Leaping back through the air, the Super Saiyan 3 warrior cupped his hands behind him and powered up, gritting his teeth. A blue ball of energy formed in his grasp, crackling and shining brightly. "KAME…HAME…HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!" he yelled, throwing his hands forward and unleashing the powerful blast at the two. The two Artificial Humans watched it soar straight towards them before moving out of the way. The blast struck a distant building, destroying it and sending its remains careering to the ground to form a massive pile of rubble and smoking debris.

The Artificial Human No. 16b and No. 17b took Goku's lapse of attention as an opportunity to attack, and flew back up at him full speed. The Super Saiyan 3 growled and dropped into a fighting stance, readying himself for his opponents. But unable to recover his energy fast enough, he received a powerful punch from No. 16b straight across his face. The blow sent him flying straight into a building. He went right through it, coming out the other side with the office building managing to stay up. Just as he managed to stop himself right after exit of the building, No. 16b and No. 17b burst through the same hole he had come through and tackled him, giving him a strong knee to the gut and pushing him along; the Super Saiyan 3 letting out a yelp of pain. They tackled him into another building, the three of them disappearing in a cloud of dust.

Gotenks suddenly appeared in place, just seconds after Goku's disappearance. He leapt and shifted from side to side, avoiding the two Saibamen attacking him. Blocking several punches, he then grabbed one of them by the head and sent a chop across its face, knocking it senseless and kicking the second one. The second Saibaman he was fighting was sent flying whereas the other one was held in his grip. He took the opportunity of pummeling the little creature, sending punishing uppercuts into its stomach before tossing him away. That Saibaman quickly recovered. After stopping in mid-flight, it flew back at Gotenks with a roar, hand held back and ready to strike. Gotenks was ready.

Flying at the creature in return, he pulled back his right leg and sent a kick straight up into it. That powerful blow sent the imp skywards, screeching loudly. Gotenks then took a stance in preparation for his next attack. "HAIKYUKEN! Here it goes!" he yelled. His aura exploded around him as he flew up towards the Saibaman he had just hit, which was still soaring skyrocketing upwards. When he reached it as the momentum he had put into the creature was lost, he brought both his fists up and locked fingers together. With a yell, he sent it straight down into its back, jack hammering it back down. "STRIKE!"

The blow was tremendous, making a loud boom noise as the Saibaman plummeted. Within seconds, it was closing in on hard ground, but before it could, Gotenks appeared underneath it and struck it upwards with a back hammer strike, similar to a particular move in an actual volleyball game. The Saibaman screeched as it soared up again, but didn't gain as much momentum as before. Then, with those two blows initiated, Gotenks flew up, pulling his right hand back and smacking the Saibaman down, as if hitting it over a net. The creature crashed to the ground, skidding across for several meters before stopping.

Gotenks grinned in triumph, but frowned when he sensed the other creature heading towards him from behind. Spinning around, he saw the Saibaman coming at him from high above, screeching and bearing its teeth menacingly. The fused demi-saiyan warrior took his stance now and was quick to react. Cranking his right hand back, he threw it forward, firing off a quick, blue energy ball. It flew at the Saibaman with incredible speed, with a charge powerful enough to demolish a building. The imp was struck head long, and sent flying. Gotenks growled and was about to fly after it when a blue Saibamen suddenly came flying straight past him, close enough to graze his gi. This was closely followed by Piccolo, who was in pursuit of the little creature. The Namek shot past the fighter without a second glance, top speed and in action. Gotenks watched as the green warrior grabbed the soaring Saibaman by the leg and tossed him down to the ground, where it crashed into the road, forming a cloud of dust that lifted into the air and a crater underneath it. From the look on Piccolo's face, he was pissed.

"That's it you little insect!" he roared. "I'm dealing with you trash now! RARGH!"

He flew down, pulling his right fist back. It crackled with hot, orange electricity, with a radiating, yellow aura enveloping his hand as well. Just as Piccolo was flying downward, the Saibaman he had sent into the ground, which was bruised and battered more than a rag doll on a bad day, was already staggering back to its feet. Wobbling a few times, the imp let out a squeaky growl and glared up, only to find to his shock the Namek heading straight towards him. Piccolo was fast, too fast, and was all ready to attack. The Namek let out a roar, its palm opening up with a yellow, crackling ball of energy appearing. It shone brightly, burning with raw power. The green fighter skimmed across the ground, just a few feet up and swooped down on his opponent. At the same time he threw his hand forward, unleashing his attack.

"BAKURIKIMAHA!" The energy ball that shot forth from his palm sucked the little imp into it, enveloping it in a fiery blaze. The Saibaman could all but screech in agony before it was disintegrated when the blast expanded before exploding. All that was left of it was a cloud of grey smoke, with Piccolo's hand still extended. He growled furiously for a moment, before grinning in success.

"Heh…that takes care of him," he exclaimed, before suddenly seeing the other Saibaman he was battling charging at him from a distance. Its roar echoed around, reaching his ears before it did. The Namekian took a prepared stance, frowning as it approached. When it reached him, it immediately sent a jab at him. Just then, as Piccolo avoided it, he grabbed its arm and, using its own momentum against it, spun it round and threw the creature skyward. After which, Piccolo pursued, his intentions to annihilate it once and for all.

Meanwhile, Goku was grounded, trying to hold off both his the Artificial Human attackers. His energy was draining fast due to being a Super Saiyan 3 and with No. 16b and No. 17b still going on strong. He managed to block off the combination assault from No. 16b, parrying two punches and checking a left roundhouse kick. However, with his concentration focused primarily on the giant Artificial Human, he didn't make any counts on No. 17b, who sent a powerful thrust knee into his stomach, which winded him. After that, he received a right palm strike across the face and then an elbow to the back from the black haired Artificial Human. He was easily downed, reduced to being on his hands and knees. It was of some fortune he was able to hold out in his Super Saiyan 3 form for this long.

Goku staggered to his feet, looking up to see the giant the Artificial Human flying straight at him. Already battered and exhausted, the Saiyan just stood limply, awaiting his fate. The giant Artificial Human closed the gap, leaping up and coming down with his right fist held back. With a loud roar, he sent his fist forward, only to be knocked of balance when something kicked him in the back of the neck. He choked on his yell as he flew right over Goku landing, a few feet away and spinning around. Artificial Human No. 17b looked in the direction of the new attacker, a bit surprised when he saw who it was.

The figure landed, arms crossed and glaring at them. The black, flame like hair and familiar Saiyan outfit was immediately recognized to belong to one person. "You mechanical trash! Step away from Kakarotto and face me! I will be the one to defeat him, not you pieces of junk!" the new fighter shouted. No. 17b, realizing who it was, smirked and crossed his arms. Goku just stood where he was in the shadows, falling onto one knee limply and shuddering from the pain he felt shooting through him. He looked up towards his savior, which happened to be a very familiar Saiyan Prince.

"Well, if it isn't Vegeta," No. 17b exclaimed with dull delight. "We figured you'd show up sooner or later. Heh…Son Goku had better be thankful that it was the sooner…" Vegeta just glared at them for a moment or two. After considering the state Goku was him and the power level he emitted, he figured it was for the better, and transformed. A golden aura exploded around him, warping violently and ripping up the dirt beneath him. His hair flashed gold and his eyes turned jade. His muscle span also increased, but only slightly.

"Just you wait you pieces of junk, I have a special surprise for you," Vegeta said as he got into a horse stance. "I have been saving this up for when I fought against Kakarotto, but now I guess I have to use it on you!" With a loud warrior's cry, Vegeta began to collect the ki within his body. No. 17b thought at first that Vegeta was just going to transform into a Super Saiyan 2, but when Vegeta's hair began to shine brightly, the Artificial Human started to get relapse of something that happened earlier. Vegeta continued to cry out as his hair began to grow longer and longer until finally, the Prince was ready. A bright light shone and once it died, Vegeta was revealed in all new transformation that had never been seen before. He had transformed into a Super Saiyan 3! He had the same appearance as Goku's Super Saiyan 3 transformation except that he had no bang in front of his face. Vegeta grinned at his newfound power. With his power now reaching a new height, he was more than ready to face this competition.

"No matter how strong you have become, you're still not strong enough to beat the two of us," No. 17b stated, just as Artificial Human No. 16b came to stand by his side. "The information on you clearly shows that you're no match for us. It's all in the facts," the black haired Artificial Human stated. Vegeta furrowed his brow at them; arms still crossed and angered expression still in play.

"You can't compare everything in this world on computer data. Never underestimate your opponent. Everything depends on whom or what you are fighting, and can vary due to skill and technique uses, as well as power level," the prince stated. No. 17b just smiled more confidently, annoying Vegeta.

"It doesn't matter. We know that you're still not strong enough to beat us. We have you outnumbered two to one. If Son Goku couldn't beat us, what chance do you have?" the Artificial Human asked. Vegeta just scowled.

"I'm stronger than Kakarotto, and am sure stronger than both of you combined!" he growled. No. 17b chuckled.

"He really is persistent, this one. Why don't we teach him a lesson in learning, No. 16b?" he asked. The giant Artificial Human beside him nodded affirmatively.

"You mean two on two!" Goku said, leaping out from the shadows where he knelt and coming to stand by Vegeta. His aura sprung around him, with a bit more effort put into this power up than expected. The Saiyan Prince glanced at his former enemy, seeing him coming to a firm, fighting stance, which advertised his persona. After which, Vegeta nodded to him before turning back to the Artificial Humans.

Suddenly, out of the blue, the Artificial Human No. 17b popped up in front of him and sent a devastating punch straight into his face. The blow was incredible, with the shocked Vegeta letting out a yell as he was sent flying back the way he came at a faster rate. The punch was so strong it sent him flying past Goku and straight into a building behind them. The prince crashed into the ten story structure and stopped inside of it. The entire thing came collapsing down on top of him, a cloud of dust forming as rubble began to pile up.



* * *



Meanwhile…

Negi and the others were still in the rail cars, waiting for the opportunity to get out. However, they had been separated with Negi, Nodoka, Ku Fei and Yue in one car and the other car had Kaede and Haruna. Haruna turned to the Mahora ninja. "The shooting has stopped for now," Haruna said. "Maybe we should leave here while we can!"

"No, we can't!" Kaede said. "If we move, we'll be shot. We have to remain undercover for now de-gozaru."

"Kaede-san!" screamed Yue from the other rail car. "Do we have a plan!"

"I've checked within a 1-km radius, but I can't sense the sniper!" Kaede reported. "If the sniper was an ordinary person, there might be a way! If the sniper's Mana, she won't fall for any cheap tricks. If we move now, we'll all be taken out for sure de-gozaru."

"You're saying Tatsumiya-san's still targeting us!" Haruna said nervously as nervous sweat began to appear on both girls' faces.

"A sniper will wait for hours and days until the target reveals her location de-gozaru," Kaede said. "It's going to be a test of endurance."

"But we can't go on hiding forever," Haruna commented.

"They're trying to slow us down," Yue mentioned. "If we remain here, then…"

"You lose," spoke a voice that everyone in the cars recognized immediately. Their eyes flung wide open. They knew that voice from anywhere, but they didn't expect to hear it so soon. Negi and the other immediately looked outside and what they saw shocked them to the core, their bodies trembling in fear. Floating before them was none other than the evil Saiyan, Tullece! The Saiyan grinned. "Hello…Negi Springfield."

"T-Tullece!" Negi cried nervously, his body trembling. Everyone in the cars began to cower in fear as this was not the best time for this to happen. Actually, it was the worst time!

"Heh heh heh," chuckled the evil Saiyan. "You know my name. Then that means that you must have met me during your little trip in the future. I'm glad. That saves me the time to explain on why I have searched you out."

"What are you doing here, Tullece?" spoke a voice in the speaker of the Saiyan's scouter. Negi and the others recognized that voice as well as the voice spoke through the rail car's speaker.

"C-Commander Tatsumiya!" Negi said out loud. This was bad! Things were turning from bad to worse!

"I'm sorry to interrupt your hunting Tatsumiya, but I have some business with Negi Springfield," Tullece said out loud. "If you would be so kind as to not interfere, that would be great. That is, unless you want to interfere and die in the most painful manner."

"Be my guest Tullece," Mana said.

Tullece grinned as he turned his attention towards where Negi and the others were. "Negi Springfield!" the evil Saiyan called out. "I know that you are in this car! You can't hide from me, not without the use of my scouter!"

"Y-Your scouter?" repeated the boy teacher.

"That's right," Tullece said. "With this piece of technology, I am able to detect a person's battle power as well as their location. Finding you was a bit difficult but once you had attacked a few of Chao's robots, I knew where to find you."

"Wh-What do you want?" Nodoka asked.

"That is easy. I want Negi Springfield to join me," Tullece said. "Think about it Negi. With our combined strength and abilities, we can rule this pathetic planet. Make things the way we want them. We can do anything we want. What do you say Negi? Will you join me?"

The girls immediately turned their heads towards Negi, who had an angry look on his face. "As I said to you before when we met in the future, my answer is no!" Negi responded with conviction. "I will never join you Tullece!"

Tullece paused for a bit before giving out a small chuckle. "I somehow knew that you were going to say that," the evil Saiyan. "It is a pity. We could have saved this world from destruction and rule it with an iron fist after you had told me where I could find the Calicem Crystallinum."

"The Calicem Crystallinum?" The girls repeated.

"Tullece, you may have not known this, but your future self asked me the same question about the Calicem Crystallinum," Negi stated. "So I am going to give you the same answer as I told your future self; I don't know where it is. And even if I did know, I wouldn't tell you. So go to hel–" As he was about to finish the sentence, Negi felt something in the air; a huge tug. It was massive! And he wasn't the only one to feel it. Kaede and Ku Fei felt it too! It was a massive power! Despite it being massive, they knew exactly who it belonged to!

Yue, Nodoka and Haruna noticed the looks on their faces when they saw the three of them suddenly show big smiles on their faces. "Negi-sensei, what's going on?" Yue asked. "Why are you smiling?"

Negi turned his head to Yue and Nodoka and said with a big happy smile on his face, "Gohan-san is back!"

"WHAT!" Yue, Nodoka and Haruna shouted. Kaede let out a small smile.

Mana and Tullece immediately flinched upon hearing that declaration. "Gohan-sensei…is back?" Mana questioned.

"Kakabrat?" Tullece added.

"Tullece, is it true?" Mana asked. "Is Gohan-sensei really back?"

Tullece touched the side button of his scouter to check it out. And sure enough, his scouter had picked up a massive reading. "No way,"Tullece muttered himself. He immediately recognized it to be Gohan's battle power. "It is indeed Kakabrat!" How could they have recognized it? Tullece asked himself. Then he realized it. Of course! That special skill of theirs in detecting battle power! I didn't know that the boy could do it too! If he can do it, then… Clenching his teeth, he shouted into the scouter, "Tatsumiya, finish Negi Springfield and the others off right now!" Negi and the others' eyes widened in shock. Why did Tullece now want to finish them off? Didn't he want to know more about the Calicem Crystallinum?

"What!" Mana said, shocked as the others. "Why!"

"I just realized something," Tullece said. "I can't believe that I overlooked it so easily."

"What?"

"When I was researching on the Calicem Crystallinum, I had learned that the one that the Thousand Master had received was actually a copy of the original one," explained the evil Saiyan. "Its power was lesser than that of the original. And since the Calicem Crystallinum's origin is not from Earth, then it must mean that it must be from a planet where there is a heavy existence of magic."

"And which planet would that be?" asked the professional demon sniper.

"Planet Minerva," Tullece replied. The girls looked at each other with confused looks, wondering why that planet was so significant, but Negi thought differently. Somehow, the name of that planet sounded very familiar. Tullece continued on with his explanation. "Rumors say that the inhabitants of that planet had migrated from Mundus Magica eons ago with some kind of special transport. The ones that migrated had very high magic capacity and it was said that they had created a powerful object that could grant powerful wishes. I thought they were only rumors but now, after reading the information and witnessing for myself, I don't think so anymore. It seems that my next target is Planet Minerva. Tatsumiya, finish them off before Son Gohan arrives! I want to see the look of despair on his face when he sees his friends gone!"

"Of course," Mana said as she took her position to fire.

"W-Wait, Commander Tatsumiya! Why are you doing this?" pleaded Negi. "Why are you helping Chao-san! Is it for the money? Is it…because this is a job to you?"

"Yes, that's right," responded the sniper. "Actually, it's not. That's not my only reason. I don't want to lie to you. I agree with Chao's ideals. I'm participating and supporting her plan for that reason. I thought you would understand. I'm acting according to my beliefs. I've done nothing shameful. Heh, I will admit I've been paid a generous sum."

Tullece began to twitch his fingers in annoyance, seeing how Mana was delaying her attack. "Are you done Tatsumiya! Finish them off right now before Kakabrat shows up!"

Mana nodded. "I'd like to play the waiting game Negi-sensei, but I have other things to do," Mana said. "I'm sorry, but I'll have to make you disappear. Later, Negi-sensei!"

Kaede knew what was coming as she turned her heads towards the other car. "Negi-bozu, get out of the train!" screamed the Mahora Ninja. However, it was too late as the rail car was completely engulfed in a black orb. Tullece grinned evilly as he watched the scene unfold. This was not good at all for our heroes!



* * *



Meanwhile…

Things were certainly getting rough for the Z senshi. The Artificial Humans had them outgunned, outmaneuvered and outmanned. It was bad news for all of them. However, even though the Saiyans were now having a tough time against No. 16b and No. 17b, Piccolo, Kuririn and Gotenks were now having a ball with their opponents. Although the Saibamen were proving to be tough little bugs to squash, the members of the Z senshi were wearing them down little by little. Piccolo had already eliminated one of the offending imps, and the others were to follow soon enough.

Kuririn sent a powerful punch across the face of one of the Saibaman he was fighting, seeing it reel back with a fist mark implanted in its cheek. After recovering from a brief fall back, the Saibaman shot back up at Kuririn and sent a roundhouse kick across the monk's face. Goku's best friend blocked the kick, pushing off and charging, aiming for the opening created for him. He followed his assault with a straight punch to its stomach. He continued on, elbowing it and then sending a knee into its chin. The creature fell back, only to be struck down by a spinning axe kick that sent it plummeting towards the ground. It landed, bouncing once before falling back into a sort of unconscious state. Kuririn used this opportunity to take it out permanently. Bringing his hands back and cupping them, the former monk charged up Goku's signature move.

"KA…ME…HA…ME…HAAAAAAAA!" he roared, unleashing the power attack and sending it down at his target. The creature, which was still lying sprawled on the ground, was struck by the blast. The blue beam exploded on impact, sending ash ridden pieces of the imp everywhere as a cloud of smoke lifted in its place. When it lifted, all there was left of it was a small crater filled with black, burnt remains of the Saibaman lying in it.

Kuririn then spun round, caught a bit off guard none to say the least when the second imp came out of nowhere, screeching loudly. It was from instinct when the imp made the surprise attack Kuririn's reflexes kicked in. He sent a punch straight into its face, knocked it back. It only flew back 40 meters before stopping itself. Kuririn didn't waste any time with making his next assault count, so he charged, powering up to increase speed.

Piccolo blocked and avoided all of the attacks his remaining Saibaman was sending at him. His teeth gritted tightly as he focused all his concentration on the creature's unorthodox punches and kicks. They practically came in all sorts of forms, lacking any sort of fighting style or focus. The imp obviously lacked the intelligence of an extraterrestrial being and more of a mind of an animal. Its only intentions were to attack and kill. Well, the Namekian hero was not going to slip up so easily. After avoiding a certain amount of attacks, he leapt back and fired a straight ki blast at the imp. The Saibaman avoided it, flying upwards so that it floated above its target. Holding its hands out and rearing its head back, the creature's head suddenly sprung open, catching Piccolo off guard. When it threw it forward again, it sprayed a green liquid at the Namek, forcing him to take drastic measure. He leapt to the side, watching as the flying stream landed stories below. When it did, it burnt a clean hole in the ground, hissing loudly. Piccolo immediately identified the corrosive liquid as acid. He growled and spun around, seeing the imp cackling sinisterly.

Without a word, Piccolo let out a yell and shot up, flying at the Saibaman with fury evident in his new intentions. The creature locked with its target in a fierce brawl, which only lasted a few seconds before suddenly falling into a grappling attack. The Namek grabbed the back of its head and brought it down into his knee, making it reel back from the powerful blow. After which, he sent two powerful body shots into its stomach area, making it hover on his accord and reel forward. After which, he brought his right hand up and down, chopping it across its shoulder and chest, punishing it some more before throwing his left hand into its chest. It didn't stop there. His arm began to expand, stretching with the force of the punch the Namek sent. His arm stretched far, pushing the Saibaman along. It continued to stretch till it struck a building, burying the creature deep into its catacombs. After that, Piccolo brought his arm back, retracting it back to normal size. It was here he initiated his next attack. Bringing his right hand about, he pressed his index and middle finger to his forehead, growling as he concentrated a high amount of energy into it. His two fingers crackled with golden electricity, the ki needing to produce his next attack flowing into it and compacting into a great mass. After which, the Namek brought it forward, gritting his teeth.

"EAT THIS!" he yelled, throwing his right hand forward, pointing his electrified fingers at the building. At that moment, the Saibaman emerged, flying straight for its target while screeching. Its form was so bruised and battered you could swear it was bleeding acid. It didn't spot Piccolo's stance or detect any danger of an attack, it just moved, fast. The Namekian growled and unleashed his attack at the last moment, a narrow beam shooting out of his finger accompanied by a second beam that swirled around it, acting like a drill. "MAKANKOSAPPO!"

The attack punched straight through the Saibaman's forehead and continuing on, emerging out its back at the angle the creature was attacking. The beams past straight through its intended target and collided with the same building the very imp was thrown into. That was where the final attack exploded; with Piccolo relinquishing his hold of it, pulling his hand back round. As for the Saibaman, it exploded into a white cloud, pieces of it flying everywhere. With the death of his last opponent, Piccolo then turned to the others. In the distance, he saw Gotenks down on the ground, landing and facing one of the Saibaman standing 40 yards away while another one landed the same distance behind him. Both of them took threatening stances, making Gotenks look between the two of them to see which of them would attack first. Incidentally, it happened to be the one in front of him that charged with a screech. The fighter was quick to react. He avoided the punch it threw and drove his knee up into it, knocking it into submission before hammering it down to the ground. It crashed at his feet and bounced, allowing him to kick up into its stomach and send it skywards. As it flew, Gotenks pulled his right hand back and threw it forward, firing a concentrated blue energy ball. It struck the weakened imp and exploded, the remains of the Saibaman falling around him like rain, only smoking and smelling like rotten fish. Just as that one creature was annihilated, the second one attacked from behind leaping at Gotenks with a loud screech. Piccolo chose to act now and flew straight down to aid his comrade.

"GOTENKS! DUCK!" he yelled. Gotenks did so without a second thought, knowing what was going to happen. Piccolo appeared behind him, right in the path of the Saibaman. His hand was pulled back, an orange ball of energy glowing brightly in his hand. The creature now flying for Piccolo suddenly began to glow as well, yellow electricity issuing off of it with steam emerging from its head. Its face began to crack, gold beams of light shooting out of it. Before it could do anything else, the Namek through his hand forward and unleashed the blast he had been powering up. The attack struck the Saibaman and expanded, consuming it in a dead zone that completely annihilated it. The blast continued on after Piccolo released energy flow on it, pulling his hand back and dropped into a stance. Gotenks, who had ducked and covered, got to his feet and turned around.

Piccolo blinked in surprise. "Man…that imp was easy. What's happening? Yours was a lot weaker than mine…I don't understand," Piccolo said.

Gotenks shrugged a grin on the fused demi-saiyan warrior's face. "Probably because I am so great," Gotenks said, his nose literally grew in length (due to his lie of course). Piccolo couldn't help but face palm himself. Before he could dig in any further investigation, he and Gotenks were already up and away, flying up to a new altitude to observe the fights between Kuririn and his Saibaman, and Vegeta and Goku's battle with the Artificial Humans.

Kuririn was finishing up with his opponent as well. Flying backwards as well as moving in a downward slope at a high speed, the monk brought his right hand up and charged up his attack. A golden disk appeared, sizzling and crackling with a dangerous type of energy. With it, Kuririn threw it forward with a yell. "KIENZAN!" The attack flew up through air, cutting cleanly through the breeze on route for its target. The Saibaman suddenly appeared, leaping over the soaring disk, avoiding it just barely before continuing its flight for Kuririn. It let out a loud screech as it pursued.

Kuririn managed to make ground at the exact moment, looking up to see the imp coming straight for him. With a smirk, the monk took control of the disk he threw and brought it about using a ki grasp over it. The golden energy attack zipped around, changing course through the commands Kuririn initiated. Using this, Kuririn brought the disk about on a steady, quick path, hooking it around to his right in his sights and aiming it directly for the Saibaman still on route for him. With a directed command, the disk flew straight for the creature, slicing straight through it and cutting it in the half at the waist line. The creature choked in surprise before suddenly exploding into a shower of grey smoke and burnt remains. The golden disk soared off into the distance, striking a hill and vanishing. This left Kuririn to be showered with only a few pieces of the Saibaman, a grin donning his features with a look of triumph. He held up a fist and cheered.

"YES!"

"Kuririn-san, take a look at this!" Gotenks shouted from above, drawing the former monk's attention upwards. When he saw Piccolo and the fused demi-saiyan warrior assembled and flying above him, Kuririn joined them, coming to float at their side and look in the direction everyone else was looking in. Turning, he saw exactly what they were all concerned about. Goku and Vegeta's fight with the Artificial Humans wasn't going well. They were being beaten.

Vegeta had currently engaged No. 17b in a deadly brawl. Fists and kicks flashed, as well as them as they used super speed to gain the upper hand over the other. Unfortunately, a one on one contest with fighters didn't exactly give the Saiyans the advantage. The Artificial Humans were ruthless, relentless machines with exhaustless energy. They were unstoppable. Vegeta may have been giving his opponent the beating before, but after only a couple of blows from No. 17b, and he was staggering. He was unable to keep up with the black haired Artificial Human's movements or attacks. They were too strong, and he wasn't reacting fast enough to defend himself. He was falling fast.

As for Goku, well, his luck was wearing thin on him today. Goku was facing off against the towering Artificial Human No. 16b. And although he was relieved he didn't have to fight two Artificial Humans this time, he was failing miserably against the giant, orange haired Artificial Human. No. 16b was pummeling him, and attacking him in return was like fighting Legendary Super Saiyan Broli. He was a brick wall and bedrock, unmoving. Already a Super Saiyan 3, Goku found himself pressed underfoot, literally.

Goku let out a cry of agony when Artificial Human No. 16b crushed his foot into his stomach before kicking him and picking him up. Grabbing him by the collar and lifting him up to a certain height, the giant the Artificial Human brought his free, left arm back and sent his fist at his target, driving it into his stomach. He repeatedly struck Goku again and again, making him cough up saliva and blood. After a moment of this driving torture, No. 16b held his hand against Goku's chest and powered up a ki blast. The golden energy ball in his palm expanded and struck Gohan in the chest before it shot out in a powerful stream of energy, sending the valiant hero back in a smoking flight path, gi torn up and burnt. No. 16b sprint after him, reaching his opponent just as Goku managed to level out, floating several feet above the ground and in the air, glaring at his opponent. Just then, No. 16b reached him and sent a powerful right punch into his stomach, making the Saiyan reel over. He may have been big, but he was sure fast. After that, he drove a left fist across his face, followed by an elbow as he brought his arm back around and then a right hook. This blow double backed Goku. After that, it was followed by a powerful right side kick, sending him flying into a building. By the time he was within 20 meters of it, he lost momentum and skidded along the ground, stopped when he slammed into the wall.

Vegeta on the other hand, was valiantly taking matters into his own hands. He attacked No. 17b without consideration, throwing punches aimed for his face. The Artificial Human moved from side to side, avoiding those punches before driving his knee into his stomach. Vegeta reeled forward, gasping for breath as he was winded from the blow. No. 17b then ducked forward, throwing his foot into his face and sending him rearing back. After that he pushed off and came to hover several meters above, right hand held out. With a quick charge up, he unleashed a barrage of golden energy balls into him. These attacks repeatedly struck the Super Saiyan 3 prince, making him groan in agony before the last blast exploded with double the ferocity of the others. The force of it sent Vegeta plummeting down toward the ground. No. 17b had marked his target well, and the prince landed in the same area as Goku. To finish it, Artificial Human No. 17b sent his power blitz attack at the ground behind him. As he was getting up, suffering third degree burns from the last barrage, an explosion occurred smack bang in front of him as if a series of landmines had gone off. Yelling in pain, he was sent flying back and into the wall Goku had crashed into. He fell down it, landing in a crumpled heap beside the other wounded Saiyan. The two Saiyans were beat, and back to their normal states, unable to move but tremble where they lay.

"Now it is time to finish you two off, Son Goku and Vegeta," No. 17b said as he and No. 16b floated above their position. Both of them started to charge up their final attacks. Once the attacks were ready, No. 17b let out a smirk. "Goodbye!" Just then, something happened that could not be explained. Bright beams of light shone on the faces of No. 17b and No. 16b. They turned around to see what was going on but before they could do anything, they felt something hit across their cheeks. The two artificial humans were sent flying into the ground hard, creating a large explosion. The Z senshi looked up to see a familiar sight before them.

Son Gohan had finally returned to the past! "Gohan!" cheered Kuririn. Piccolo merely smirked at the sight while Gotenks went rushing towards the demi-saiyan. Kuririn floated towards Gohan, saying, "You're finally here!"

Gohan let out a small smile. "Sorry I'm late guys," said the demi-saiyan. "But I finally made it."

"Well, it's about time!" Kuririn said with a large smile on his face.

"Gohan," spoke Piccolo as he floated next to the demi-saiyan. "Setsuna told us that you had fought against Tullece in the future. How were you able to come back?"

"I'll tell you later Piccolo-san because right now I have to look for him," Gohan said as he glanced around. "Where is Tullece? And where is Dad and Vegeta-san?"

"Goku and Vegeta are down below," Kuririn stated, motioning towards the ground. The ground on which the Artificial Humans were thrown into had begun to move. Kuririn noticed it, which could only mean one thing. They were going to need help pronto! "We are getting manhandled Gohan. Can you help us out?"

"I don't think I can," Gohan said bluntly, getting surprised looks from the remaining Z senshi.

"Why not?" asked Gotenks.

"Because I don't think Dad and Vegeta-san would like it if I interfered with their fight," Gohan replied.

"What do you mean?" questioned the Namekian.

Gohan motioned downwards to the ground. "Look down below," said the demi-saiyan. The remaining Z senshi looked towards the ground to see something unexpected. Goku and Vegeta had gotten up from their position and were standing up proudly.

"It seems that your brat has arrived Kakarotto," Vegeta said as he looked upwards to the sky.

"That you are right Vegeta," responded the Saiyan hero. "Hey Gohan! You better get going! I think your friends are trouble!"

Gohan smiled. "Thanks Dad!" The demi-saiyan turned to the other Z senshi. "Sorry I can't stay for long. I need to find Negi-san and the others before Tullece does something to them."

Piccolo gave a pat on the shoulder. "Do what you must Gohan," said the Namekian. "You are a hero after all. Besides, we will handle the robot army. So don't worry about a thing. Be sure to beat Tullece." Kuririn and Gotenks both nodded in agreement.

The demi-saiyan smiled. "Thanks Piccolo-san," Gohan said as he pushed off slightly from the Namekian. Within moments, a blue blazing aura appeared around the demi-saiyan as he quickly sped off towards where he sensed Negi and the others were. As he flew, his eyebrows were frowned as he had also noticed that Tullece was there too. He needed to make haste.

As Goku and Vegeta watched Gohan fly away, the two Artificial Humans had broken out of their temporary tombs and began to float into the sky, ready to finish off the Saiyans once and for all. Vegeta growled in frustration when he saw the two Artificial Humans. "Kuso, how can we beat these pieces of junk?" Vegeta questioned as he looked to his eternal rival for answers. "We both were Super Saiyan 3 and they played us like fools! How are we supposed to beat them?"

"Well, I have an idea," Goku said.

"Oh yeah, what is that Kakarotto?"

The Saiyan hero let out a small smile on his face as he looked at Vegeta. "We can do…fusion."



* * *



Meanwhile…

"Negi-bozu!" screamed Kaede as she witnessed Negi's rail car disappear into nothingness.

"This is the Bullet of Compulsory Time Leap or BCTL. At impact, it sends the target and the surrounding space 3 hours forward in time," spoke up Mana as she decided to give an explanation on the special bullet, showing to the remaining girls that they stood no chance against them with this special weapon. "According to Chao Lingshen, it's the ultimate bullet. Of course, it's a special limited-use item that can be used once every 24 years. A magical barrier or sword can't block its power. The only way would be to dodge the bullet and put distance between yourself and the bullet or to shoot it down from a distance. Once you're hit, it's all over."

Tullece chuckled. "Heh heh heh, even the great Dark Evangeline would have a hard time of it," the evil Saiyan said. "Now, let's finish off the remaining people shall we?"

Haruna started to panic. "Kaede-san, what are we going to do?" questioned the manga artist. "Negi-kun is gone!"

"Haruna-dono, it's too dangerous to stay in this train," responded the Mahora ninja. "We're going out."

"But…"

"I've detected her location," Kaede said as she got out of the rail car and stood before the floating evil Saiyan. "It looks like we have to do this on our own." Tullece grinned evilly as he saw the two girls get out of the rail car.

"On our own? That's crazy!" Haruna protested.

"Yes," nodded Kaede. "I've found Mana's location, but she's a marksman. Plus, we have to get past Tullece himself if we want to reach Chao-dono de-gozaru."

Tullece chuckled. "You think you can fight against me girl? You are going way over your head," said the evil Saiyan. "You can simply kneel before me in defeat and I promise not to kill you." Kaede frowned her eyebrows in thought. Even if we did get out of this situation, can we possibly stop Chao-dono and Tullece without Negi-bozu and Gohan-kun?

Tullece was about to make his move against the Mahora ninja when suddenly his scouter pick up something. A reading and it was coming from the smoke that resulted from the rail car being shot by the special bullet. His eyes widened in disbelief when he recognized the reading. "What!" Out of the smoke came out Negi, Yue, Ku Fei and Nodoka! Tullece couldn't believe it! "How the hell did you do that?"

"It's a trade secret Tullece," responded the boy teacher. Then Yue noticed something that Negi was holding as he was hiding it away from the watchful eyes of Tullece and Mana. It was the watch that they used but there seemed to be a crack on it! Yue was about to call out on it, but Negi quickly quieted her as he whispered to her, "I don't know when it broke. It may have been the strain of the full week time jump. I don't know how long it will function. We managed to escape for now, but…I still have to fight Chao-san. We can't escape that way again."

Negi then turned his attention as he glared at the evil Saiyan. Tullece grinned, a little excited at the prospect of potentially fighting against the boy teacher. After a few moments of staring, Tullece decided to speak up. "What's the matter Negi Springfield? Aren't you going to come and fight me?"

Negi gritted his teeth. "It looks like I have no choice," he muttered. Suddenly, Kaede stepped in front of the group, getting shocked looks from the group. "Kaede-san!"

"Allow me to handle this de-gozaru," Kaede said. "I may not be able to hold Tullece and Mana Tatsumiya for long, so you better going de-gozaru."

"But Kaede-san, you will die!" Negi protested.

"It is a risk that I am going to have to take," Kaede responded as she glared at the evil Saiyan.

"A risk that you don't have to take, Kaede-san!" spoke a voice from above. Everyone's eyes widened when they heard the voice as they immediately recognized it. They looked up to see a floating figure that immediately landed softly on the group. "After all, I am here to take care of Tullece." It was the demi-saiyan warrior, Son Gohan!

"Gohan-san/sensei/kun!" screamed out Negi and the girls, tears of happiness welling up in her eyes. "You're back!"

Gohan had a Son grin as he said, "Sorry I'm late."

"Gohan-san, you are all right!" Negi said. "I'm so happy! Then that means that you defeated Tullece in the future right?"

Gohan nodded. "Yeah, but only barely," muttered the demi-saiyan warrior as he glared at the evil Saiyan. "You guys should get going and stop Chao-san. I will handle Tullece."

"But Gohan-kun, let us help y…" Haruna was about to finish her sentence before Negi stopped her. She was a bit surprised at Negi's action. "Negi-kun?"

"We should leave Gohan-san with Tullece and Kaede-san with Commander Tatsumiya," Negi stated. "We should believe in our comrades, Haruna-san."

Gohan smiled. "You have definitely grown up Negi-san," spoke the demi-saiyan. "I'm very proud of you."

Negi nodded in appreciation. "Thank you, Gohan-san! Good luck!" The boy teacher then turned his head towards Tullece. "Tullece, I am going to stop you and Chao-san's plan."

Tullece's grin turned sour. "We'll see about that, Negi Springfield."

Gohan then motioned everyone to get out of the area. "Negi-san, get going!"

The boy teacher nodded, but stopped when Yue decided to speak up, specifically towards Mana. "A moment, please! Tatsumiya-san, I have a question for you. Chao-san's trying to avoid some tragedy in the future. Is it something like the end of the world, or just of mankind as we know it?" Yue asked.

"No, it's nothing dramatic, like a sci-fi story," Mana replied. "Chao is motivated by the numerous tragedies happening all around the globe every day."

"Is that so?" Yue said. "Thank you very much." And with that the group left, leaving Kaede and Gohan behind.

"I'm surprised Tullece, you let them off pretty easily," Gohan stated. "Are you sure you don't want to stop Negi-san?"

Tullece chuckled. "I don't want to waste my energy on such a pathetic life form. I already got what I wanted from him. Besides…" Tullece took off his scouter and, in a display of strength, he crushed it with his bare hand. "I want to fight against you Son Gohan. You are the only one that is standing in my way of total domination."

"I see," responded Gohan as he took a glance around the place. He tried to sense if there were people around this way that would potentially by pulled into the fight between him and Tullece. And sure enough, there were. Gohan knew what he had to. "If you want to fight me so badly, then let's switch locations."

"Fine by me," Tullece said. "The end will be just the same."

Gohan grinned slightly before turning his attention on Kaede. "Kaede-san, please be careful with Tatsumiya-san."

"Of course Gohan-kun," the Mahora Ninja said. "And you be careful too…Gohan-kun." Gohan let out a small smile before he was quickly enveloped in a blue blazing aura. He shot upwards to the sky, with Tullece surrounding himself in a purple blazing aura and following the demi-saiyan's trail as they flew across the sky. Kaede then turned her attention to Mana herself. "You know you could have taken your shot just now. Are you sure you don't need to shoot de-gozaru?"

"You'd only shoot down the bullets, no?" replied Mana. "I prefer not to waste ammunition. I lost this battle when my first shot failed. Now…let's dance, Kaede."



* * *



Author's note: Hey everybody! I hope you all enjoyed the chapter especially the little surprise I left with Goku and Vegeta. I know that people are going to argue that the Artificial Humans shouldn't have been any match against Super Saiyan 3 Goku and Vegeta but you have to remember that Gohan has become more powerful than those two. After all, he fought against Broli, Goku, Vegetto, and Tullece. Hope this clears up everyone's mind.

Anyways, PLEASE LEAVE SOME REVIEWS! I really appreciate it. See you all around! Peace!





*Chapter 43*: Power to the Maximum!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. See Chapter 1 for details.

Author's note: Hey everybody! How is it going? Hope you all enjoyed your week, especially for those who celebrate Easter. Mine was good. Though I am kind of having some writer's block. Playing Star Wars: The Old Republic and doing work at the same time probably isn't helping me much :P.

Anyways, I want to point out some things before you start reading. The next few chapters have been inspired by the Saiyan saga. It is not literally word for word just to let you know. I did this on purpose because I felt it was necessary for my story, especially with a few surprises here and there. I know that there are going to be some people out there saying that I copied the Saiyan Saga. So what. It's my story. Well, enough of my rant, I'm sure you guys want to read now.

I want to thank theprincedonte for beta reading this chapter. Now let me present to everyone Chapter 43 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 43: Power to the Maximum! Tullece's Tenacious Transformation!

Gohan quickly flew across the sky, trying to find a location on where he could fight Tullece normally. The evil Saiyan followed his trail as they both flew over Mahora Campus. Gohan glanced around, seeing the participants battling against the robot army as well as the six giant robots. He clenched his fist in frustration, not being able to help them out. Luckily though, Gohan had noticed that there were three familiar ki signatures around this area. The demi-saiyan smiled, knowing that those ki signatures belonged to Piccolo, Kuririn and Gotenks. They should be all right, Gohan said to himself. He turned his back to glance where Tullece was at. Man, I have been flying at full speed and he has barely slowed down. Tullece is sure strong. But I have become stronger as well.

Tullece, meanwhile, began to ponder why Gohan was taking so long to pick a location to fight. This was getting ridiculous! It seemed to be clear that Gohan wanted to be as far away from Mahora Academy as possible. The evil Saiyan warrior wasn't going to allow that. "That is enough!" He shouted as he stopped in mid-flight. Gohan quickly stopped as well once he noticed that Tullece had stopped. "I think we have gone as far as possible."

Gohan clenched his fist. Dammit! Gohan cursed to himself. It seems Tullece knew what I was trying to do. I wanted to take this fight as far away as possible, but it seems that's not going to happen. The demi-saiyan took a side glance, noticing the distance between them and what was going at Mahora Academy which to be honest was close. Gohan estimated that they were a good 15 kilometers from World Tree Plaza where the major action was taking place. The demi-saiyan took a quick glance around the area that Tullece had decided to stop at. Sensing that there were no people or animals nearby, Gohan descended towards the ground and into the forest. Tullece followed pursuit.

Both of them landed on the ground, some distance between the two warriors. The two Saiyan warriors were at eye level as they began the staring contest. The evil Saiyan Tullece folded his arms across his chest. His face had drawn a grin on it. "So you have picked this spot as your grave Kakabrat?" Tullece questioned.

"Well, actually you were the one to pick it Tullece," Gohan responded back.

"Heh," grinned the evil Saiyan. "It doesn't matter to me. As long you are dead, any location is fine for me. However, I would have preferred to be closer to the main battle at Mahora as I want to have everyone witness their inevitable doom as they watch their precious hero be killed."

"I don't think so Tullece. You are going to be the one who is defeated, not me," Gohan said.

"We'll see about that. Regardless, you are very lucky and privileged to fight against me, a true super-elite Saiyan warrior," Tullece said. "Not many people have been so lucky. If you kneel before me and apologize, I will forgive you for your transgressions against the Saiyan race. Either way, you can't win. I outclass both in rank and power."

"Maybe, but I already have fought against you in future and beaten you," Gohan said with a Son grin on his face. "I can do it again."

"Miracles don't happen twice," Tullece taunted. "So how about we start this show all ready? I have places to go and people to see."

"Okay, how about we skip the warm-ups then?" Gohan said as he got into a stance. "Going full-power!" Gohan clenched his fists and got himself in a horse stance as he collected ki within his body. Taking a firmer stance, the demi-saiyan glared harder at his opponent, eyes flickering. Suddenly, the ground around him began to crackle with a fiercer display of blue, electrical currents.

Suddenly, blue electricity consumed Gohan and began flickering around him, shooting outwards. The currents moved up and down them, as well as across the ground as the field of power expanded and then contracted. With its concentration into Gohan's body, the demi-saiyan felt his power rise again, and finally, it hit him. He was ready. Bringing himself into a strong stance, Gohan reared his head back and let out a tremendous cry of power, a shock wave exploding out of him, cracking the earth that he stood on and sending dust everywhere. The earth began to shake even more as Gohan gritted his teeth and then, with a flail of his arms, the demi-saiyan cried out. "HYAAAAH!" A bright light surrounded the demi-saiyan. Once the light died, Gohan was in a whole new transformation. He had transformed into Mystic Gohan!

Tullece couldn't be more delighted at the display of power that Gohan was showing. "Impressive Son Gohan," commented the evil Saiyan warrior. "Even without a scouter, I can tell that you have increased your power since the Mahora Budokai. However, it is still no match for my power. The difference in our powers is like that of heaven and earth."

"Then let's compare!" Gohan said confidently. "Transform into a Super Saiyan!" Tullece's eyes widened when he heard that. "Don't look so surprised Tullece. I fought against you when Negi-san and I went to the future and during the battle, you had transformed into a Super Saiyan. There is no use in hiding it. Transform!" However, I'm still not 100% sure if the Kaio-ken times two will be a match for him, Gohan said to himself. I have to try regardless. Everyone is depending on me!

Tullece unfolded his arms. "Very well," Tullece said. "Consider yourself honored to see my Super Saiyan transformation!" Suddenly, in a flash of blinding light, Tullece powered up. Balling his fists, Tullece let out a shrill cry of anger and pain as a golden aura exploded around him. In a whirling wind of ferocity and an outstanding display of flashes, Tullece transformed, his hair spiking up, standing on end and flashing gold, at the same time his eyes turned jade green, hovering in his sockets. A galling wind went up, stretching to about the radius of a combat ring before it subsided, leaving him standing in a pure, powered up state of a Super Saiyan. Tullece stared at the demi-saiyan warrior with a grin on his face. "So how about we get started?"

Gohan didn't respond verbally as he got himself in usual fighting pose while Tullece did the same thing. The two of them stared at each other for a few seconds. A chilling wind passed through the area and the weather began to change. The ground around them began to crack due to the enormous pressure of the two warrior's ki. Then it happened. Gohan got himself in a horse stance as he cried out, "KAIO-KEN TIMES TWO!" A crimson aura sprang up and surrounded the demi-saiyan warrior. Tullece watch the spectacle with anticipation. It was time for the battle to begin.

Grinning, the evil Super Saiyan pulled his left hand back and pitched his attack, the energy ball hurling at its target in a dead long game of chicken across the mile's distance between them. Spotting the attack flying towards him, the demi-saiyan warrior calculated his odds of survival. Quick analysis told him best, and he wasn't inclined to get incinerated. So he super speeded out of the way, the attack missing him completely. He appeared a split second later, continuing on his flight path and charging at his opponent. However, just as Tullece was assuming a fighting stance and the demi-saiyan warrior was within attack range, Gohan disappeared again, blurring out of Tullece's sights. The evil Super Saiyan gasped a bit, gritting his teeth and glaring over his shoulder to see his opponent appear 25 meters away. Gohan was already on the attack.

Pulling back his right hand, he threw it forward and unleashed a powerful golden ki blast at Tullece, the streaking energy lighting up the sky. Tullece growled, spotting the blast and pulling back his left hand over his right shoulder. With a grunt of effort, he chopped at the blast and disintegrated it with that single bat, sparks of energy remains flying everywhere. Just then, Gohan appeared behind his opponent, using super speed once again to gain the upper hand. Tullece sensed his opponent behind him and spun around, catching the fist that was sent at him. The two warriors were firmly locked in that position, both of them glaring at each other with fury burning in their eyes. It was then the taller of the two moved on, proceeding to grab his opponent's arm in two hands and spin him around. After a few cycles, Tullece threw his opponent towards the ground, Gohan yelling at the top of his lungs as he spun out of control.

Seconds after throwing his opponent, Tullece cranked his right hand back, a fusia ball of energy appearing in his palm before he threw it forward. Upon released, the energy ball exploded and scattered into three dozen more blasts, the attack taking the form of a cluster blast. Gohan continued to fall, but eventually flipped back into submission and stopped his flight. When he did, he saw the rain of energy blasts heading straight towards him, and immediately went into defense. Using some quick thinking, Gohan moved aside the blasts away by batting them away, especially from Mahora campus. Stopping the rain of attacks that came down upon him, Gohan gritted his teeth as he glared up at his opponent. This was not going to be easy.



* * *



Meanwhile, where the Z senshi were at…

"Fusion?" repeated Vegeta after hearing Goku's plan on how to defeat the two Artificial Humans. "Merging together?"

The Saiyan hero nodded. "That's right. It's the only way to beat these dudes," Goku said. "I know that you never liked it but…"

"Liked it, I HATED IT!" Vegeta screamed angrily. "I can't believe that you are asking me to fuse again with you, Kakarotto! You expect me to do that?"

"But we don't have any other choice Vegeta," Goku stated. "It's the only way. I ain't ever seen anyone that strong. You must know that!"

"If it means merging together with you, then I choose death!" Vegeta screamed as he tried to stand up. However, the Saiyan prince was having much difficulty as the Artificial Humans had dealt him considerably damage to him. Goku continued to try to plead his case.

"But Vegeta…!"

"There's absolutely no way I can perform Fusion with you! Not again!" Vegeta said angrily before sensing something.

The two Saiyan warriors looked up once again to see Artificial Human No. 16b do something. He had crossed his arms or so did everyone thought as he had removed the halves of each of his arms, tucking them beneath his armpits and revealing cannons within the remaining limbs of his arms. "HELL FLASH!" yelled No. 16 as the cannons charged up and unleashed hundreds of smalls beams at the two Saiyans! Vegeta stood motionless as the attack came on. Luckily, Goku was there to save him. "Vegeta! Hold on!" A loud explosion occurred! The smoke blocked the Artificial Humans' view of the scene to see whether Goku and Vegeta had survived.

No. 17b grinned when he noticed that they did. "Heh," said the dark haired Artificial Human. "I knew that they wouldn't go down without a fight." He glanced at his companion who was putting back his arms into place. He then floated next to No. 17b as the two Artificial Humans looked at the Saiyan warriors with curiosity, wondering how these two were going to get out of this mess.

And sure enough, Goku was thinking along those same lines. He immediately turned his attention to Vegeta, who had been badly hurt by No. 16b's attack. "Vegeta! Are you okay?" asked the Saiyan hero.

Vegeta didn't respond to Goku's question as he looked at the ground. He was on all fours, his body trembling in rage. "Even now, I'm still inferior to Kakarotto, am I…? Damn!"

Goku came to Vegeta's side, trying to reassure the Saiyan prince. "Vegeta, I…"

"Don't you dare try to console me Kakarotto!" shouted Vegeta as he knocked away the Saiyan hero's hand. He stood up, looking skywards at the two Artificial Humans. He clenched his fists in frustration. How was he going to beat them without resorting to asking for help from Son Goku?

"I guess Fusion is out, huh?" Goku said as he also stood up, standing beside the Saiyan prince. "You have your pride as the Saiyan prince, and everything. Vegeta, I understand."

"Kakarotto," spoke up Vegeta, grabbing Goku's attention. "Kakarotto, perform Fusion with me. If it has come to being pitied by you, then I…"

Goku's eyes widened. "Vegeta…"

"Let's do it Kakarotto."

"Huh?"

"Are you deaf Kakarotto! Let's get the fusion over with!" Vegeta exclaimed with a slight blush on his face. He couldn't believe that he was going to do that stupid, embarrassing dance again.

Goku nodded with a Son grin on his face. "Right!" The two Saiyan warriors put themselves six paces from each other as they prepared to do the fusion dance. Goku and Vegeta held their arms out so their arms pointed away from each other, palms open and facing forwards.

"Fuuuu..." Goku and Vegeta said as they shuffled their feet sideways towards each other, taking three steps. While they shuffling were their feet, Goku and Vegeta each swung both arms over their head, making the two sets of arms point to each other. "sion..." Goku and Vegeta then swung their arms across their body, turning them so their palm faced the floor and closing their fists. At the same time, they brought their outer leg up so it is at a right angle, with their shin facing each other and their foot level with their knee. Finally, they finished the dance as they leaned their torso over so it was slanted towards each other. They brought their arms up over their head so they point "upwards" (in relation to themselves) with their index fingers out and their outer legs fully extended. "HA!" Both of them yelled as the fingers touched each other's.

Once the fingers had touched each other, the two Saiyans glowed in brightness and quickly were engulfed a huge ball of energy. And within that ball of energy, out came the fused Saiyan warrior, Gogeta! Gogeta wore a similar outfit to that of Gotenks but had a different color scheme. The padding around the neck and shoulders of the vest was reddish orange rather than yellow, and the vest was a very dark blue or a dark gray, rather than the lighter blue vest that Gotenks wore. The hair was very similar to Vegetto's, with the only differences being that Gogeta only had one free hanging lock of hair instead of two and Gogeta had Vegeta's widow's peak.

The Z senshi were in awe at the display of power. They had heard stories of Goku and Vegeta fusing together but they didn't think it was like this. Plus, the fused Saiyan warrior was already a Super Saiyan! His power was unbelievable! Everyone that had some sort of ki sense had immediately picked up on that power. Gohan and Tullece had momentarily stopped their fight when they noticed the huge spike in energy. Negi and his group had stopped running as they looked skywards as Negi and Ku Fei had sensed a huge increase. Despite that, all of them continued on with what they originally were doing. Gohan continued to fight on with Tullece while Negi and the others continued running.

The Artificial Humans, meanwhile, couldn't help but get nervous sweats from the emitting power that the fused Super Saiyan warrior was displaying. No. 16b's scouter had picked up on the fused warrior's battle power and to be honest, it was quite surprising for him. He had never expected there to be a warrior of this caliber other than Gohan. Gogeta or should I say, Super Gogeta looked skywards at the Artificial Humans with a stern look on his face. "I am neither Goku nor Vegeta! I am he who will defeat you!" spoke Super Gogeta.

No. 17b laughed at the boast. "You? Defeat us?" No. 17b taunted. "If Son Goku or Vegeta couldn't beat us, what makes you think that you can beat us?" However, No. 17b had failed to realize that if he had a scouter, he would have noticed the huge increase in power. No. 16b knew about it, but decided not to tell.

Super Gogeta grinned, noticing that No. 16b knew about his power while No. 17b didn't. He had to bait the two of them to fight him. He knew the best way to do that by saying, "Try me."

No. 17b gritted his teeth and clenched his fists in anger. "That's it!" Just then, in a flash of light, the Artificial Human shot straight for Gogeta, letting out a cry of anger and punching straight out at him. The fused Saiyan warrior was quick to act. He grabbed his fist and twisted it about, slacking his momentum and ramming a back hammer fist into his face. The blow was strong enough to send him drifting back, the fused Saiyan warrior finding that even with this effort; he wasn't able to do any hard damage but just bruised his face. When the dark haired Artificial Human floated back, he fisted his hands into a horse riding stance and growled again before flying at him, picking up the speed. Gogeta turned to him, preparing for a fight he was sure to put effort in to. Just then, he engaged No. 17b in a fight of flying fists and kicks. His hands lashed out at him, as well as hundreds of kicks and elbows. The fused Saiyan warrior began avoiding them at a faster rate and fell back through the air, their furious battle seen from the ground below. You could hear the sounds made by their flying attacks, as well as the exploding forces of connecting blows on defenses.

Gogeta continued flashing furious, unyielding attacks at his opponent, who was yelling out with every attack he threw. He was obviously getting into the fight, and was putting a great deal of effort into his assaults to try and hit him. At this point, Super Gogeta was the one putting him under pressure as his counter attacks were beginning to hit on home. Just then, the other Artificial Human appeared on his left, taking a stance of preparation. Just then, as he was defending himself from swift, strong punches unleashed by No. 17b, he saw from the corners of his eyes, the taller Artificial Human raise his hands towards him and fire off a ki blasts aimed directly for him. At the sight of them, he quickly dispatched of No. 17b and kicked him away. Then, without a moment to lose, with his aura still warping, he shot straight up, avoiding the blasts. However, when he thought that they were to explode on impact with each other, they changed course and followed after him like heat seeking missiles. They flew upwards, with No. 17b and No. 16b giving chase.

Gogeta flew up and up, still chased by the golden ki blasts. He glared behind him, furrowing his brow in frustration when he saw the attacks picking up speed.

The blasts closed in fast, all of them entering his range at different intervals. The time they had to reach him was all he needed. Taking to the defensive, he deflected all light-blasts, knocking them to the sides one after another. After which, he turned to his next targets, the two Artificial Humans shooting up at him after the ki attacks. No. 17b was at the head of the group, and as he flew at him, he threw his left fist at Super Gogeta first, intent on striking him. Gogeta had no intention of getting hit and brought both fists up, locking fingers and bringing a strike down on him.

The blow struck him in the back of his head, sending him plummeting. He was followed by No. 16b, who immediately locked horns with him the instant he made contact. Gogeta blocked the three straight punches, two uppers cuts, three hooks and round house kicks he sent his way before striking him across the face with a right palm strike. Just then, No. 17b appeared behind him and surprised the young Saiyan with a side kick directly between his shoulder blades. He yelped and moved forward from how precise the blow was and took to the defensive. He became overshadowed as both Artificial Humans No. 17b and No. 16b came at him, forcing him to alternate from side to side to defend himself from their attacks. They lashed at him relentlessly, fists and kicks flying. Gogeta countered every blow.

Soon, he began to feel the pressure seep onto him, so decided to change tactics. After avoiding the two pronged attack from both sides, he twirled and flew up, sending his feet outwards in a double, split kick. He struck the two Artificial Humans in the faces, knocking them back and away. The two Artificial Humans had broken and fallen back from the attacks Super Gogeta had brought down upon them. But they were minor blows compared to everything that has been displayed to them.

Then, all at once, the two Artificial Humans shot at Gogeta, pinning him the center and began lashing out at him with flurries of punches and kicks. The fused Super Saiyan warrior was caught between a rock and a hard place as he was forced to defend from all sides. He spun round and round, shifting between the two opponents at speeds not even the Z senshi could track. He was moving fast, so fast that he matched the Artificial Humans blow for blow. The brawl was taken across the skies, with all three of them drifting about and still locked in this battle. Fists flew, with every connecting attack sounding a shock wave, which ripped the skies with its force. Gogeta was landing critical hits himself as he was able to defend a good 95 percent of the attacks, giving him time to counterattack but get attacked himself. Even so, he continued putting up a good fight.

He sent a roundhouse kick across No. 16b's face, sending him back before suddenly flying at No. 17b and hammering across his face with a straight punch. This left him exposed below, where Artificial Human No. 16b came up with a powerful knee, sending him flying up, where he was jackhammer smashed by Artificial Human No. 17b flying down, sending the strike straight into his back. Gogeta let out a small grunt as he plummeted down towards the ground at an uncontrolled speed. However, using his influence over energy, he managed to propel his energy downwards, creating a lift that slowed him down and stopped him before he hit the ground.

Turning so that he was upright, he glared up into the skies. Here, he let out a gasp when he saw Artificial Human No. 17b charging down at him, letting out a long yell in his charge. In response, Super Gogeta pulled back his right hand and threw it up, firing a powerful, yellow ki blast. It shot straight up for No. 17b; catching him by surprise and exploding when it struck him head long. The force was great, sending him flying out of the cloud of smoke it formed, smoking and burnt, with his clothes torn in several places.

As Gogeta saw the body of the dark haired Artificial Human falling out of the sky, he suddenly saw Artificial Human No. 16b shoot out of the cloud and straight down to him, swooping in and ready to strike. Gogeta was prepared. He leapt back, retreating before No. 16b could reach him. From here, increasing his escape rate, Gogeta began back flipping over the rough terrain, hands-feet-hands-feet-hands-feet and so on, jumping from point to point, and his distance between his opponents growing and growing.

Then, after leaping to stand a top of a diminutive point that happened to be a flag pole, Gogeta pushed off and flew into the skies, pulling back his right hand and charging up his next attack. Blue beams of light shot out of the spaces in his fingers before he threw the attack forward. The blast shattering on release, shards of blue ki flying through the air and falling straight for No. 16b. The giant Artificial Human was caught by surprise when the shards exploded just short of him, fiery explosions or orange, red and gold heading straight for him, spraying smoke and sparks in their path. To avoid the blazing attack, the orange haired Artificial Human broke and shot off in a different direction, avoiding the blast radius' that would surely have cooked him.

Super Gogeta saw his attack end with a final series of explosions and he pulled back, glaring. Artificial Human No. 17b chose to attack now, shooting out from his left and beginning to lash out at him. The young Saiyan engaged him, defending the first barrage of punches before beginning to launch his own. The two began locked in a quick speeded brawl. The Artificial Human unleashed flurries of attacks on him, but all failed with Gogeta meeting them with a strong, inexhaustible defense. Super Gogeta then kicked No. 17b straight in the stomach, sending the dark haired Artificial Human falling. He wasn't spared to rest when Artificial Human No. 16b appeared out of the blue and began attacking him simultaneously. The fused Super Saiyan warrior easily fended off their attacks and altered assaults between both of them, moving in and out and shifting continuously.

In the meantime, a building suddenly exploded, demolishing it and sending its remains toppling to the ground in a smoking cloud. Artificial Human No. 17b flew out from the shadows of the building he had just been knocked towards. Bruised and battered beyond recognition, he let out an angered roar and threw his right hand forward, unleashing a large, blue ki blast. As Gogeta was fighting Artificial Human No. 16b, the two of them spotted the blast out of the corner of their eyes and leapt out of the way, avoiding it. Gogeta had to back flip to avoid it, just as it skimmed up and shot straight into space.

When he up righted himself, Super Gogeta flew back in retreat, only for No. 17b to appear behind him some distance away, both hands held up. Gogeta turned around, seeing the dark haired Artificial Human behind him. He turned just in time to see him fire off a barrage of blue ki blasts, all of them aimed directly for him. Spinning about, Gogeta pulled his hands back and powered up. With his auras warping around him crackling with bolts of golden lightning, the fused Super Saiyan warrior threw both his hands forward and unleashed twelve, concentrated, high energy blasts. The golden balls of energy streaked through the sky, his Scattered Volley Shot playing its part in this fray. His attacks collided with No. 17b's blasts, disintegrating them and continuing on. The dark haired Artificial Human let out a scream and crossed his arms over his face. The blasts impacted with him repeatedly, badly burning and beating him up. When the final blast connected, it exploded with incredible force, sending him plummeting down towards the ground, smoking and clothes tattered.

Upon landing on the ground, No. 17b immediately looked up to see Super Gogeta right in front of him.

"Give up, you can't win. I have already won this," spoke Super Gogeta. No. 17b growled as he glared angrily at the Super Saiyan warrior. He couldn't believe that even after all of those attacks, the fused Saiyan warrior wasn't out of breath. How could this be? Son Goku and Vegeta were no match for us, let alone me! No. 17b said to himself. I cannot have a power stronger than mine or Tullece's! I will finish him off right now! No. 17b pulled back his right hand as he called upon a lot of his ki to it. The hand glowed blue and within a few seconds, he pitched it forward, throwing a sparkling ball of energy straight down at his opponent. The powerful Power Blitz attack struck on target, creating a large explosion. No. 17b grinned, thinking that, finally, Gogeta had been defeated.

However, that wasn't the case. The smoke dissipated, revealing an unharmed Super Gogeta. The dark haired Artificial Human couldn't believe it as he prepared himself in an offensive stance as he roared angrily, calling upon his energy. "DAMMIT!" Despite that though, what came next would catch him by surprise. Super Gogeta proceeded forward by sending a powerful and quick barrage of punches into the Artificial Human's stomach. Then, the fused Saiyan warrior flew past the stunned No. 17b and turned around to knee him twice in the back of his head before back flip kicking him away. No. 17b immediately growled as he saw Super Gogeta land on the ground and raised his hand. "Damn you! No one is stronger than me! I am the strongest being!" Within that moment, a rainbow energy sphere appeared on Gogeta's raised hand. Grabbing hold of it, he turned around and threw the energy sphere at the Artificial Human. No. 17b came charging in with an attack, ready to knock Gogeta's head off. Unfortunately, he couldn't do anything as Gogeta's Stardust Breaker had completely destroyed him, disintegrating the Artificial Human into nothing!

Gogeta stood expressionless as he glanced at the other Artificial Human. The giant Artificial Human growled at Super Gogeta, knowing that he needed to defeat the fused Saiyan warrior. After all, it was in his programming. But that would seem impossible at the moment. Then the idea came to him. If his design was the like the original Artificial Human No. 16, then he must have a failsafe bomb like he did! That would be able to destroy the fused Super Saiyan warrior!

The giant Artificial Human brought his arm close to his chest, ready to activate his bomb. Gogeta immediately recognized what No. 16b was going to do as Goku and Vegeta had remembered what No. 16 was trying to do during the Cell Games. He needed to be stop! "Don't do it No. 16b!" shouted Gogeta, but the Artificial Human didn't listen as his body began to glow. The fused Saiyan warrior needed to do something now! Quickly dashing forward, Super Gogeta proceeded with a series of knee and leg attacks to send No. 16b skyward and away from Mahora. Once the Artificial Human was far away from the campus, Super Gogeta gave No. 16b a devastating kick to the face sending him even further up.

As the giant Artificial Human floated in the air, Gogeta floated to his level. The fused Saiyan warrior brought his two hands forward, gathering a massive amount of energy. Then, he formed the energy into a whitish-blue energy ball, about the size of Gogeta himself. "Take this! BIG BANG KAMEHAME-HAAAA!" shouted Super Gogeta as he fired the sphere off in a Kamehame-Ha-esque beam. The beam engulfed No. 16b, effectively destroying him and not allowing him to use his bomb. The two Artificial Humans had finally been defeated!

Gogeta looked on the smoke, seeing the no sign of No. 16b's remains. The fused Saiyan warrior let out a sign. "That takes care of them," he said. He glanced downwards to the giant robots marching their way through the campus. "Now, to take care of those guys!" With a quick engulfment of his blazing golden aura, Gogeta shot across the sky and towards one of the giant robots.



* * *



Meanwhile, at another part of campus…

Negi, Haruna, Ku Fei, Nodoka and Yue continued to run, trying to reach where Chao was going to activate the Force Recognition spell. Negi couldn't help but feel the increase in ki over at the forest area of Mahora. He prayed for the demi-saiyan's success. However, he needed to stop Chao as quickly as possible because not only did he notice the sun was coming down but also, there were three gynoids that stood in his and the girls' path. And one of them looked like Chachamaru! "It's the three Chachamaru sisters!" Haruna commented.

The Chachamaru look-alike muttered her command. "Primary target confirmed. Commencing attack." She went on the attack, getting in brawl with the Chinese Kung Fu master, Ku Fei. However, because Ku Fei believed the robot to be Chachamaru, she was struck from behind by some electric wires coming out of the gynoid. Everyone was in shock and were about to go and help Ku Fei, but the other two gynoids would not allow that. Taking out their guns, they fired off several shots.

Negi gritted his teeth as he was going to be unable to stop all of those bullets. However, Haruna had a plan as she brought forth her artifact. "COME FORTH! GREAT MARCH OF THE DECOY CHAMO-KUN!" Within a moment, several Chamos came out of the manga artist's notebook. And within her expectation, the Chamos were hit by the bullets, effectively stopping it from hitting Negi and the others. With a clenched fist, Haruna grinned. "Yes!" she said. "Just as I thought! The best defense is to put something in the way of the bullets before they hit their targets!" Chamo sweat dropped at the sight because of her use of his image to block the bullets. He kind of felt violated in a way.

In the meantime, Negi challenged the Chachamaru look-alike in a brawl. They clashed fists and kicks, emitting small shockwaves. Nodoka and Yue couldn't help but help feel impressed at the skill level that Negi was showing. Within moments, the boy teacher knew something was off as he got some distance between him and the gynoid. "You're not Chachamaru-san, are you?" Negi asked.

"Correct," replied the gynoid. "I am a mid-to-close range combat program that has been installed into Chachamaru's spare body for data collection purposes." Suddenly, the gynoid pulled out two of the special bullets. "I'm sorry, but you must be eliminated from this battle." Within moments though, the Chachamaru look-alike was hit hard by Ku Fei, sending the gynoid into another one.

"Ku-roshi!" Negi said.

The Chinese martial artist grinned. "If she is not Chachamaru, then I can fight her-aru."

"But Ku-roshi!"

"Go, Negi-bozu!" ordered Ku Fei. "Leave this battle to us. Also, if Chao is really doing bad things, I want you to stop her-aru. Please."

Negi was quiet for a few seconds, unsure on how to respond. He closed his eyes for a second. When he opened, his eyes displayed a different attitude. The boy teacher gave a nod to both Ku Fei and Haruna as she decided to help the Chinese martial artist in defeating these three gynoids. "I'm sorry and thank you! Please be careful!" Negi shouted as he, Nodoka and Yue went ahead, leaving Haruna and Ku Fei behind.

As the three of them were running, Nodoka turned to her friend. "S-Say, Yue," panted Nodoka. "Can I ask you a question?" Yue nodded, curious as to what Nodoka wanted to ask. "Is Chao-san truly wrong? Tatsumiya-san said she's supporting Chao-san because she believes in the cause. And that question you asked, Yue…"

"That was…" Yue trailed before noticing a figure on the rooftop. It was a Tanaka-model robot with a rifle pointing straight at them! "Sensei! On that roof!"

Negi turned his head to see the robot fire off some shots. Negi chanted some quick magic and sent the beams at the bullets, destroying them. However, the robot had kept on firing, more bullets in the area. Negi cursed at himself as there was a lag time after casting a spell! He was doomed! But thankfully, Nodoka pushed him out of the way, without some consequences of course. She had been hit and a black orb had surrounded her. Negi was going to try and stop it, but Nodoka refused to let that happen. "No, don't!" she yelled. "Um, uh, I…I can't really help you very much this time so…um…so…please do your bes–"

Before she could finish her sentence, Nodoka disappeared. Negi called out her name, wondering that maybe she got out of there. He pounded the ground in frustration, leaving some cracks due to the force behind his pounding. "Dammit!"

"Calm down, Aniki!" stated Chamo. "According to the Commander, she's just three hours into the future. She's not in any danger!"

"Still," Negi said as he gritted his teeth. "I knew I'd just make more trouble for everyone, but…"

"That's right, Negi-sensei!" Yue said. "You've gotten us involved. Now you have to see this through to the very end! Let's go! We have to stop Chao-san!"



* * *



Meanwhile…

Explosions occurred as the two warriors continued to do battle. The two Saiyan warriors reappeared with Tullece being at a higher position than Gohan, who was stilling using the Kaio-ken times two. Tullece grinned, furrowing his brow at his opponent floating far below. It was after a moment's glare the Super Saiyan warrior dropped into another attack stance, his opponent also taking decisive action. With a growl, Gohan shot forward and up towards his opponent hundreds of meters away. Within seconds of moving into his charge, the demi-saiyan warrior flashed into super speed, flying up at Tullece faster than a speeding bullet. A split second later, Gohan appeared right in front of his opponent and sent a left uppercut right into his opponent's face, hitting him hard and staggering him back. The blow created a shockwave that bounded across the skies, but Tullece easily recovered from the attack and sent a right roundhouse kick at his opponent. Gohan ducked, moving up and sending a right hook. His opponent backed away sharply, avoiding it be driving his right knee up into his opponent's stomach. Gohan cupped his hands down, catching the knee and flipping over the Super Saiyan warrior. Tullece spun around meeting his opponent with a right, straight punch. Gohan caught it in his right hand, gritting his teeth and holding that position before motioning his hands round, pulling Tullece forward and tripping him up. His opponent fell forward, allowing Gohan to drive a knee into his stomach. The blow landed, staggering the evil Super Saiyan before the demi-saiyan warrior sent a right elbow into his back.

This combination ended the bout, and sent Tullece plummeting. But just as the Super Saiyan warrior had fallen seven stories, he managed to recover, and with a growl, flashed into super speed. Gohan dropped into a defensive stance, only to receive a left round house kick across his face. The blow, though staggering, didn't do any serious damage and Gohan easily recovered, both of them neck and neck in terms of power now. After quickly regaining his senses, Gohan pulled his right fist back and sent it at his opponent, only to have it caught by his opponent, who sent his fist back into his face. The demi-saiyan warrior yelled, staggering back with a bruised face.

Tullece used his opponent's lapse as an advantage and held his left hand forward, a massive fusia ball of energy forming before expanding in a forward blast explosion. Gohan caught it fully, and was sent flying back. The spiky haired warrior cried in agony as his burnt, smoking body hurled through the air. Incidentally, Gohan was sent flying in the direction of Mahora Academy. He just stopped himself from his flight when he noticed that he was heading there. The distance between them and Mahora Academy was now 10 kilometers. Tullece let out a chuckle as a grin appeared on his face. "If that was the limit of what you've got, I'm going to be very disappointed," said the evil Saiyan.

Flipping back into a stance, the demi-saiyan warrior gritted his teeth and glared ahead of him where his opponent was. What a brute this guy is, Gohan said to himself. However, even though things were looking bad, Gohan couldn't help but feel something good about this battle. "But then," he muttered with a grin on his face, "for as much trouble as I am in right now, I'm starting to get excited." Probably has to do with my Saiyan blood. As much I as hate giving in, in this battle I will have no choice but to do so. After all, this is a fight between Saiyans. It wouldn't feel right.

Tullece looked curiously at the demi-saiyan warrior, who had a smile on his face. He's laughing? Tullece asked himself. Has he given up hope, and turned defiant? Or does he know he is capable of raising his battle power even higher? "Well?" Tullece yelled at the demi-saiyan. "Are you done already! That appears to be all you've got. Well then, allow me to show you something before you die… The overwhelming power of a super-elite Super Saiyan! That disagreeable grin of yours is going to be wiped away soon enough." With a bellowing roar, Tullece powered up with a mighty blast of wind. As soon as he began to power up, a sonic explosion occurred.

The resounding shock wave spread out on an incredibly wide radius, with Gohan had to hold his ground when the winds reached him, waving his clothes about at its ferocity. "What a Ki!" Gohan commented. "It's as if the entire Earth is trembling!"

And sure enough, the Earth was indeed trembling before the might of Tullece's power! Everyone in Mahora felt it. It was like there was an earthquake. Everyone looked up to see in the distance the formation of cloud covers and rocking being lifted in the sky. Some people started to panic at the sight but luckily, Kazumi was able to calm the crowd by saying that it was CGI effects. The panic went away as the participants continued to do battle with Chao's robot army. Kazumi momentarily glanced at the site where Gohan and Tullece were fighting. She mentally prayed for Gohan's safety as she continued to announce on the game.

Meanwhile, Tullece continued with his power up. His eyes were white, no pupils within the sockets. It was quite terrifying! Suddenly, at the sound of another shock wave, the demi-saiyan warrior watched as Tullece began to unleash his true power. The Saiyan's body began trembling. It was like he was having a seizure. However, as this strange shaking began, bursts of wind began to explode from out of him, sending dust and debris flying at a rhythmical rate before it transformed into a gale. As the winds increased in strength, the real changes in Tullece began. His golden aura shot up and funneled like a tornado, drawing in an incredible amount of debris and dust. It whirled around him, his energy level soaring as there was an increase of the winds of energy radiating off of him. Gohan gasped in shock when another shock wave hit him. "It's a full-on typhoon!" Gohan commented. The clouds above Tullece began to circulate around him like a hurricane, the energy he was producing messing up the planet's regular weather patterns. The scream had finally ended, leaving the entire area in ruins with a whole new Saiyan warrior standing in the original Tullece's place.

"It's over, Son Gohan," Tullece said. Gohan then felt the sudden increase in Tullece's ki. This was definitely not expected. Taking advantage of the demi-saiyan's momentary lapse, Tullece immediately went on the attack, charging at him across the skies. With a bellowing yell, the evil Super Saiyan sent a straight left punch at his opponent, Gohan leaping out of the way to avoid it. When he did, the spiky haired teen brought both his hands above his head before throwing them forward, palms cupped together and fingers extended. Yelling out, he fired off a blue energy ball at his opponent, hitting him in the back. The attack exploded with sheer force before the damages were clouded out by black smoke. Suddenly, just as the cloud was forming, Tullece appeared from it, an angry expression on his face and charging at Gohan. Gohan gasped dropping into a stance as Tullece leapt at him, reaching out with his right hand. He grabbed his opponent's head, pulling himself forward and driving Gohan's face down into his knee. The Super Saiyan warrior pummeled him in the face, releasing him as his opponent staggered back, coughing up blood and eyes tightly shut. Then, finishing his move, Tullece cranked his left fist back and drove it forward, sending it into his target's face. The blow sent Gohan falling again, the young Saiyan plummeting from the skies out of control.

Right now, it seemed that Tullece had the advantage of power.

Eventually pulling himself up out of his fall, Gohan swooped across the ground and floated up, fisting his hands at his sides and gritting his teeth. Sighting out his opponent hovering high in the sky, the demi-saiyan warrior threw both hands forward. With an enraged yell, he fired off a barrage of a dozen, highly concentrated golden energy blasts, his Scattered Volley Shot coming into the picture. Seeing this, Tullece grinned and threw his right hand forward, blocking the incoming blasts before exploding with little effect. A cloud of white smoke formed from the failed efficiency of the bombardment. When that cloud eventually lifted, Tullece was revealed floating where he was, wide grin on his face and glaring down at the earth far below. However, he got quite a big shock when he saw his opponent was no longer in his sights. Seconds after spotting this, he spun around, seeing his opponent leaping high above him with his right fist pulled back, blue rays of bright light issuing from the cracks in his fist. With a yell, Gohan threw his next attack forward, the shattered blast sending scattered shards of energy flying at Tullece. The evil Super Saiyan warrior had no time to make any good defenses except cross his arms over his face as the attack exploded upon reaching him, the sky lighting up in a ball of fire. The various explosions that occurred were matched by the largest that took place, smoke rising into the air and clouding the airspace.

Gohan leapt back through the air, stopping at least 50 meters away from the sight and glaring at it. With the end of the explosion and the production of the thick, black cloud, the demi-saiyan warrior responsible for the mess watched and waited to see if any real damage to his opponent was made. When the cloud thinned out and lifted, he saw a still floating Tullece with minor burn marks and bruises, arms still crossed over his face. Lowering his guard, the Super Saiyan growled and glared across at Gohan, that sinister look turning into a familiar, Saiyan grin. "Is that all the power you've got!" Tullece questioned. "I hope that you aren't finished yet. See if you can entertain me some more!"

Gohan couldn't believe it as he panted slightly due to using the Kaio-ken times two. His attack had very little impact damage, and that made the demi-saiyan nervous. Tullece was as strong as he was in the future, and that was bad news on the hero's part. Growling through gritted teeth, Gohan dropped into another stance before beginning to power up once again. "KAIO-KEN TIMES TWO!" Gohan charged, the burst of speed igniting a shockwave as he made his way over to his opponent.

Tullece sighed. "Not this again." Tullece in turn charged as well, both of them flashing into super speed, reaching each other within seconds.



* * *



Meanwhile…

Fireworks started to be set off into the sky as Yue and Negi continued their journey to find Chao on the campus and stop her from using the Forced Recognition spell. Yue was out of breath as she was quickly becoming unable to match Negi's pace. She wondered how a ten-year-old was able to outpace her. It probably had to do with Gohan's training with the most part. As she tried to collect her hand, she noticed a hand in front of her face. "Yue-san," spoke Negi. "Your hand."

Yue shook her head. "N-No! Sensei, please go on without me!" protested Yue. "I'm only slowing you down. I'll follow as quickly as I can. Keep moving! Like Nodoka said, I don't believe I'll be of much use in this battle either. I saw that you were having disturbing dreams. I was concerned that you were still undecided, but, it seems like you made a decision. Now, Negi-sensei, please go and stop Chao-san."

Negi was silent in his response as he pulled the girl up towards his level. "Not yet. I haven't, Yue-san," said the boy teacher. "I will stop Chao-san. I'm just not sure if that's the right thing to do. Yue-san! Please, let me hear your thoughts."

"But Negi-sensei…!"

"Please," pleaded the boy teacher.

Yue sighed as she took a deep breath. "Very well," Yue said. "From a logical standpoint, I can see why we should cooperate with Chao-san."

"That would be if the fate of the Earth or the survival of mankind is threatened," Negi added.

Yue nodded her head. "That's correct. We would need to help out unanimously in that event. That's obvious," she said. "I don't think we can justify changing history for any other reason. However, that's not the case for Chao-san's plan. Chao-san's trying to avert tragedies that are commonplace in the world today. If we are talking about a tragedy that is commonplace… why not concentrate on the previous century? The 20th century was one of the most tragic periods in human history because of its numerous wars.

"If you had a time machine, why come to this age? Why not go to an earlier era? Furthermore, you have to ask yourself: is it right to change the past to prevent an event from occurring? I don't think so. Whether it's a happy event, a sad one, or a tragedy, you must be accepting," explained Yue. "Once an event happens, it becomes part of reality that must be accepted. You have to just understand and move forward. Maybe Chao-san has experienced a tragedy that we can't even imagine. As long as it's just her tragedy, no matter what it may be, it's not an excuse to change the world. This sound cruel, but it comes down to her ego. She's simply being selfish, that's all. There are also practical reasons. First and foremost, there's the butterfly eff…"

"Please wait, Yue-san," interrupted Negi. "I've thought about that as well, and I've come to a similar conclusion, Yue-san." Negi stopped himself for a second as tears began to well up in his eyes. "If Chao-san's plan succeeds, some people can be saved from suffering. That's the fact that I can't deny no matter how many times I think this through. As long as this one point exists, I can't completely disagree with what Chao-san's trying to do. A-And if it's wrong to change the past, we've already done that by traveling back in time an entire week. Chao-san was the one who revealed that she was from the future. Now if we didn't know that fact, would we have taken the same stance regarding her plan?"

Yue's eyes were widened upon hearing what Negi had to say. "Negi-sensei, what are you trying to say?" Yue asked.

Negi took a deep breath as he remembered what Gohan told him at the villa before the festival had begun. "Someone told me once, 'whether your strength came from a desire of vengeance or to protect your friends, strength is strength,'" said the boy teacher. "He also said that, 'one masters the martial arts for health in mind and body, for the ability to live one's life as courageously, uniquely, and energetically as one wishes. But if there are any who seek to terrorize you or any other decent people with undeserved power, you must defeat such enemies with one mighty blast.' I may disapprove of Chao-san's motives but that's all I can do. I can't go as far as to disapprove her plan."

"H-Hey, Aniki!" spoke up the ermine. "Are you saying that Chao's right! If her plan succeeds, you'll be booted from this academy!"

"Chamo-kun, the mission of mages who live in the human world is to use our power for the betterment of mankind," Negi responded. "If the cost is the inconvenience of mages of this academy, maybe it's worth it if it vastly improves the lives of many people!"

Yue couldn't believe what she was hearing! "Negi-sensei… are you saying that… you're going to support Chao-san's plan!" Yue questioned. "Please think it through! You're not thinking clearly! You can't cast your future away for the possibility of making someone else's life better." Negi looked away in response. Yue couldn't believe it! "Then… wh-what about Nodoka! You promised to give her an answer! You said that you would tell her when she graduates! You're still going to help Chao-san and leave this school! What about Asuna-san, Gohan-sensei and the others?" Tears began to pour out of the girls eyes as she continued. "What about me…?" she muttered. "Are you going to leave all your students, friends and assistant teacher, and just disappear?"

"If I based my decision on my desire to stay with my students and friends, wouldn't that be considered selfish too?" Negi questioned.

Yue clenched her fist in frustration. There was only one thing to do. She slapped the boy teacher hard! Negi was quite shocked that that happened. Yue immediately apologized for her actions. "I-I'm so sorry. I don't what…"

"No, it's all right."

"I'm such an idiot!"

"No, please don't worry about it," Negi said. "After what I said, I had it coming. Maybe I… needed you to slap me, Yue-san." Yue blinked a few times, confused as to what the boy teacher meant while Chamo pondered if Negi was maybe becoming a masochist. "I think I already knew, but that helped me firm up my decision. It's no easy feat to save the world, especially after seeing Gohan-san in action. But still, I must stop Chao-san."

"Negi-sensei…" Yue muttered.

"You mentioned something about risking everything to save a stranger's life," Negi said as he wiped away his tears. "That someone may be a stranger to me. To people who travel all over the world like Takamichi, Tatsumiya-san, and Gohan-san, that stranger may be someone special. Takamichi was caught off guard for that reason, and Tatsumiya-san joined Chao-san's cause. Most likely, Chao-san is in similar position."

Yue then realized something. I'm such an idiot, a blubbering fool! Yue said to herself as she remembered the story about how Negi's village was attacked and saved by the appearance of the Thousand Master. If I had just stopped to think about your experiences, the answer would have been so clear! "I'm sorry, Yue-san," said Negi. "I asked your opinion. It's pointless to dwell on why Chao-san is wrong." I knew it, Yue said to herself. If Negi-sensei is the kind of person I think he is, believing he's right wouldn't be enough. He wouldn't be able to continue the fight!

"Yue-san," Negi spoke up, "you told me that I needn't worry about anything. Yue-san, please tell me the truth. Chao-san needs to be stopped. At the same time, I…I… in order to preserve the life I know, I have to commit an evil act. I cannot avoid that fact."

Yue was silent in her response as she began to think on how to respond to the boy teacher's statement. "Whether your action is truly 'evil' is up for debate," Yue said. "If calling your action evil allows you to move forward, then you're right. However, Negi-sensei, what you think of as evil is a burden that this school, no, this country… actually, it's a burden for the entire world and not yours alone. I know what Gohan-sensei would say in this situation."

"What would he say, Yue-san?"

"That he would want to share this burden with him as do all of us," Yue replied. "I have a message for you from Takahata-sensei from a week in the future. 'Even if you should fail, the world isn't going to end. You shouldn't blame yourself. Please don't try to carry that burden all alone. Mention this as well to Gohan-kun.' Those were his words to you."

Negi smiled. "Th-Thank you very much!"



* * *



Meanwhile…

Just as they both appeared out of thin air, Gohan's and Tullece's fists clashed in a mighty shockwave, followed by simultaneous elbow blows and knee strikes. After which the two both flashed into super speed at the same time and took their fight to a whole new level. Powerful shockwaves soon began ripping through the skies high in the atmosphere and close to the ground, the very earth itself shaking from the fight. Whoever was around at the time would assume that an earthquake was in process, but it was far more serious than that. It was a clash between super powers of opposite ends, one of pure evil, and one of pure goodness. They were the only ones who could produce a battle this brutal, and it certainly made every other fight thus far look like nothing.

Within moments of the fight, both fighters were careering across the skies, heading in every direction possible whilst engaging in close quarter combat. They flashed in and out of sight, shockwaves produced with every collision of fists and impact of kicks. Both fighters were truly pouring it onto each other, both wanting to down their opponent without a second thought. It seemed as though they were both equal now, but with Gohan's recent increase in strength due to being close to death and having fought Tullece before, one would think he would be the stronger. Unfortunately, that was not to be. Tullece too had gone through an extraordinary power boost, him being a Super Saiyan and eating repeatedly the fruit of the tree. Tullece was definitely the stronger Saiyan.

Reappearing out of thin air, both fighters charged at each other in the ten meter gap and threw their right fists at each other. Knuckles cracked against each other, bolts of electricity shooting out from between their power improved attacks. They once again moved into a high-powered chase, blurs seen shooting through the skies and more shockwaves occurring. Just then, Tullece appeared in the air, gaining altitude with his right hand held out.

More shockwaves ran out, blue and green flashes of light occurring before they began exploding like fireworks careering across the sky. Then, after a few more moments of engagement, Tullece reappeared, falling back with a growl of anger. Gohan appeared above him, bringing both hands back before throwing them forward, unleashing a quick Kamehame-Ha at Tullece with a yell. The golden attack streaked through the air, with the Super Saiyan warrior floating back chopping out with his right hand, disintegrating it and leaving its effectiveness inactive. Following after the failed attack, Gohan appeared above Tullece, right fist and bodily form cranked back. With another loud yell, he punched out, slamming his fist straight into Tullece's face, the crack and shockwave occurring at a tremendous level. The evil Super Saiyan warrior was thrown back by the very force, spinning out of control before eventually stopping himself, blood dripping from his lower lips and red, bruise marks imprinted all over his face. Just then, he swiftly moved to the side as Gohan shot down with a left straight kick, only to miss and fly further down.

Turning back to his opponent, Gohan let out a gasp when he saw Tullece with his left hand pulled back, fusia colored energy forming and gathering into his palm. The high concentration of energy alerted Gohan to the threat, and after dropping into a stance, the demi-saiyan warrior watched as his opponent pitched it forward. The ball of energy shot at him, with Gohan throwing both his hands forward and producing a mass of energy as a shield. He fired it at point black range at the incoming ball, with the blast that followed reduced to that of a regular ki blast exploding. Unfortunately the force was directed towards Gohan so when the explosion occurred, the demi-saiyan warrior was sent plummeting at lightning strike speed. A split second later, Gohan crashed straight into and through the forest, destroying and knocking down several trees. Debris and rubble flew everywhere, with a cloud of dust covering his crash point. Tullece laughed as he landed on the ground, enjoying the spectacle that was before him. "Come on Kakabrat, get up!" Tullece taunted. "It wouldn't be any fun if you died too easily."

Gohan glared straight at the evil Super Saiyan warrior as he began to crawl out of the crater. Damn, what power and speed he has! Gohan said to himself as he continued to crawl out of the crater. Even with my recent power-up, not even my times two Kaio-ken can keep up with him. "Not much else I can do, huh?" Gohan muttered as he took off the tattered clothes of his upper body, revealing his chiseled chest. "This may wreck my body, but it's better than dying. I haven't got any choice but to raise my Kaio-ken to triple-strength."

The two warriors continued to stare down at each other, as if they were in a Western stand-off. Now then, once I raise my Kaio-ken to times-three, I wonder how long my body will be able to hold out, Gohan said to himself. Tullece grinned evilly. "What's the matter, Kakabrat? Come and get me!" Tullece taunted. Either way, Gohan continued to say to himself, I've got no choice but to do it. The way things are going, there isn't any way I can win.

Tullece let out a laugh. "Don't you have anything else up your sleeve? Looks like you messed with the wrong guy. No matter how much you may have trained, you're still just the son of a lower-class warrior! You've only put off the time of your defeat by a few moments. However, if you kneel before me in defeat, I might forgive you for your transgressions."

Gohan closed his eyes and got himself in a horse stance and began to growl a warrior's cry. Tullece's grin disappeared as this sudden change in Gohan got him curious. Gohan opened his eyes, determined to go through with this course of action. "May my body withstand this! Times-three Kaio-ken!" roared Gohan. The muscles on his body began to expand and expand as the demi-saiyan continued his warrior's cry. Suddenly, red electricity began to surround his upper body, getting a surprised look from Tullece himself. What is he planning to do? Tullece wondered.

Gohan continued his warrior's cry as steam had started to pour out of his body! He then stared at the evil Super Saiyan warrior, strong winds gushing out of him. Tullece was shocked to say the least as he tried to hold down his position. However, the ground around him began to crack under the pressure of Gohan's power-up! "TIMES THREE KAIO-KEN!" The power was in full force as Gohan powered up to Kaio-ken three fold. A crimson aura surrounded him as he sprang into action. Tullece couldn't do anything as he looked at the approaching demi-saiyan as Gohan was on him within a second. Too stunned to even move, Tullece took a devastating blow to the face with a hook from the left. Gohan then followed around, landing a double kick to the evil Super Saiyan's back. Tullece flipped around to face the speeding Son Gohan. Just he was about to attack at the last second, Gohan shot off around him. Tullece launched an energy attack, which Gohan dodged just in time and landed a kick to the evil Super Saiyan's face.

Tullece crashed into a nearby cliff, hard. A hole was rather large as a result. At the sound of rock falling down, the earth shook. "RAAAAAGH!" Tullece yelled as he blew the rubble away with a mighty blast. "Why you! Where…did you get all that strength from?" Tullece growled. At the last second, the evil Saiyan sensed his opponent when he saw Gohan shoot through the air faster than lightning, flashing into super speed with the ground collapsing in his path. Tullece gasped, unable to keep up as Gohan drove straight into him.

As soon as Gohan reached him, the demi-saiyan warrior began driving various punches into the Tullece's stomach. Though Tullece maintained a strong stance, he was pushed back by the constant attacks being thrown into him, teeth gritting and deep fist marks appearing all over his torso and chest as Gohan pressed on. With his crimson aura flaring wildly, Gohan drove back his solid opponent with his lightning fast, attacks yelling with every punch he threw as Tullece skidded back along the ground, the earth crumbling and cracking from the forces inflicted upon it. It was then, after pushing his opponent back across the land and badly damaging him this time, Gohan decided to finish off his assault drive. Gritting his teeth, Gohan brought his right fist back, which crackled with blue lightning and glowed strong crimson. Then, after gathering the required amount of energy, the demi-saiyan warrior threw his powered up punch forward, cracking it straight into the evil Super Saiyan's face. A massive shock wave rang out with Tullece definitely feeling the force inflicted upon him from the punch as he was thrown back through the air. The fist mark on his face crackled with blue electricity, the energy put into it way too great for him to endure against.

Gohan growled, watching as Tullece skidded back, feet entrenching into the earth and forming lines in the ground. When the evil Saiyan stopped 25 meters away, he resumed his stance and glared back over at Gohan, a fresh bruise in his cheek, but he was still standing.

Gohan growled through gritted teeth, wincing in pain as using the Kaio-ken times three was doing serious hurt to his body. But he couldn't let up now. He needed to finish Tullece off now! Gohan dashed forward, ready to meet Tullece head on. Seeing his opponent begin to approach, Tullece, frozen with the amount, pulled his right hand back as he also dashed forward. With a yell, he gathered a whole mass of energy, ready to hit Gohan with it. "Why you!" He yelled looking at Gohan. Throwing a punch, Gohan jumped it immediately. Tullece, having no time to react, got a knee to the back. Tullece flipped again, and threw another punch, his hand engulfed in a blazing golden glow. Gohan ducked the fist and punched Tullece's stomach hard.

Tullece immediately back away, clenching his stomach as a mixture of bile and blood began to pour out of his mouth. Gohan panted as Tullece looked at the demi-saiyan angrily. "W-Why, you-! Y-You miserable…!" Tullece angrily yelled as he held his stomach. He put some distance between the two of them. Gohan stared at the evil Super Saiyan sternly, wincing every once in a while as his body was feeling the effects of using the Kaio-ken times three. The two warriors clashed once again with Tullece throwing two punches and having Gohan grab them with a tight grip. The two of them were now in a match of strength. The winner would decide the fate of Earth.

Gohan wasn't going to allow the evil Super Saiyan to be the victor as he tightened his grip. Tullece immediately felt the pain of Gohan's grip on his hands. He decided he had enough as he climbed on top of the demi-saiyan's warrior shoulders, ready to land a double-punch on Gohan's head. However, Gohan was quicker as he head-butted the evil Super Saiyan and proceeded with his attack. Tremendous blows to the body were given to Tullece by Gohan as the demi-saiyan pressed on his attack. Kicks, elbows, punches, Gohan threw everything at the evil Super Saiyan warrior. Tullece couldn't do anything as Gohan had reached to a new height in terms of power. Finally, the attack ended with a knee strike to the evil Super Saiyan's back and having Tullece crash down hard into the ground. Gohan immediately back away while Tullece was in deep pain. As Tullece held his stomach and back, he said to himself, I-Impossible! How could his… how could Kakabrat's battle power be higher than mine?

Tullece got up, causing Gohan to let out a grin. "D-D-Damn, this guy is tough. I have to settle this quick, or else," Gohan panted as his body was throbbing in extreme pain. His shoulder immediately trembled in pain, causing the demi-saiyan to grab it. "S-Shit, my body…"

Tullece was pissed. No, he was beyond pissed now. "I-I'm not going to let this happen!" Tullece said as he angrily glared at the demi-saiyan warrior. "I am a super-elite! A Saiyan that has followed the righteous path of our race! There's no way I'll be beaten by that brat of a lower-class warrior! I am the best in the universe!"

Gohan continued to wince in pain, trying to put up a strong front so as for Tullece not to notice it. S-Sure enough, it looks like using a triple Kaio-ken is too much for me, Gohan said to himself. If this drags out too long, I'm the one who will be done in first. Tullece then wiped his chin. Once he looked down at his hand, he got the shock of his life. "Blood!" He stared in shock. "My righteous blood has been spilled by that piece of trash? I-I won't allow it! No way… No way will I allow it!" Tullece was pissed beyond belief! This was the last straw! "Who needs this planet anymore! I'm going to blow you and all of Earth into tiny pieces!" A blazing golden aura sprang up around the evil Super Saiyan warrior as he shot upwards into the skies.

Gohan gaped when he heard Tullece's statement. "You're gonna do what!" Gohan screamed. This was bad!

Tullece took up to the skies, floated up there as he took a stance of an original move that he recently made himself. He bent his knees, with one leg higher than the other. Both his hands pulled back above his shoulder. His hands were shaped as if he were holding ball, with one over the other in order for the giant fusia ball to be formed. "Go ahead and dodge this if you can!" screamed the evil Super Saiyan. "You might save yourself, but the Earth will be blown to pieces!"

"Damn, he thought this through!" Gohan said. "I'll have to risk it!" Gohan then got himself in a horse stance and let out a warrior's cry. Then, a crimson aura surrounded the demi-saiyan as he got himself in the Kamehame-Ha stance. "A triple Kaio-ken… Kamehame-Ha!" With his knees bent and his cupped hands to his side, Gohan began the infamous chanting of his father's signature technique. "KA… ME…" The area around of him began to quiver at the might of his power. Rocks… trees… everything began to crack under the pressure! Chunks of rocks began to levitate from the ground! Trees were pulled from their roots on the ground and were sent flying into the air! It would seem as if the Earth was trembling at the might of the two Saiyan warriors! "HA… ME…"

Both auras expanded fiercely around them, the show down opening up with a display of fiery lights and extraordinary power. "You'll never block my RUKRAK-HO!" Tullece yelled as the plateaus, the ground and the forests began to fall and break apart due to the tremendous power. "I'll turn you and the whole Earth into space dust!" He then launched his attack as he threw his hands forward, unleashing a golden ki beam straight at the demi-saiyan warrior.

Gohan responded in kind as he sent his hands forward, unleashing the Kaio-ken x 3 Kamehame-Ha. "HAAAA!" An epic clash of large ki beams began as the two attacks collided! The two mighty attacks ripped through the air at one another, impacting and coming to a lethal standoff. "Wh-What!" Tullece shouted once the attack had collided with each other. What the hell! Tullece said to himself. That technique is the same as my Rukrak-Ho! How can that be! Gales of winds shot out from the two blasts locking horns with one another, flaring wildly and sending pulses of shockwaves outwards. More rocks flew up into the sky! The ground underneath the demi-saiyan began to crack even further. Both Gohan and Tullece gritted teeth as their attacks dug into one another, threatening to overwhelm and put an end to this entire thing, permanently.

As the attacks pulsated and tried to overpower the other, both Saiyans gave it their all. The spear heads were blunted, and were unable to do much because at this moment, both fighters were standing on equal grounds. As the two attacks ripped through the sky, sending debris, dust, branches, everything that was around them flying everywhere, Tullece sent a huge portion of his energy into his attack. The mass was seen running up the beam before coming to the front of it in one mighty burst. The blast given off was double that of before, and began driving Gohan's attack back.

But just then, the demi-saiyan also punched it, letting out a yell and driving forward with another mass of energy. "KAIO-KEN… TIMES FOUR!" Then, in a show of incredible force, Gohan drove forward, letting out a bellowing yell as he sent a huge mass of energy into his attack. It pulsed for a moment, before expanding, growing larger than Tullece's and soon enough, enveloping the attack and pressing on. Tullece's strongest attack was overwhelmed and he was sent flying back higher into the sky, yelling in pain at the top of his lungs.

Gohan panted heavily as he looked up to sky. The demi-saiyan let out a small grin, however, within a second, he began to feel the aftereffects of the Kaio-ken times four. His body was completely falling apart. Although it may have looked like that he had won the fight, Gohan knew differently. If Tullece had been defeated by a blast like that, it wouldn't take this much trouble to beat him. Things could have gone a lot easier if that had been the case.

Meanwhile, up in the sky, Tullece was still being hit by Gohan's Kamehame-Ha attack. With a growl, the evil Super Saiyan moved to the side, allowing the blast to move past him. His armor had suffered heavy damage and he himself some injuries. Tullece clenched his fists in rage. "DAMMIT!" he roared in anger. "HOW CAN THIS HAVE HAPPENED! HOW CAN KAKABRAT'S BATTLE POWER BE GREATER THAN MINE! DAMN IT ALL! I AM A SUPER SAIYAN! I AM THE STRONGEST ONE IN THE ENTIRE WORLD!"

Tullece panted for a bit after screaming as he began to ponder on how to defeat the demi-saiyan warrior. If he couldn't do it as a Super Saiyan, then maybe he could do it as… "At this point, as much as I hate how ugly it is, it's time for my last resort," Tullece said with an evil grin on his face. "However, I am not sure what will happen if I do it as a Super Saiyan. Even though I have transformed into one, I must admit, I haven't fully grasped it like Kakarotto or the brat have. If only I had achieved the transformation earlier then I wouldn't be in this predicament and Kakabrat would be on his knees begging for mercy." Then Tullece began to glance around. "All I need now is to find the moon."

Tullece began to search across the skies, trying to locate where the moon was. Meanwhile, back on the ground, the demi-saiyan warrior continued to look skyward. That's weird, Gohan said to himself. He's just hovering around up there. Why doesn't he come down after me?

Up in the sky, Tullece continued to search for the moon but was unable. The evil Saiyan clenched his fist in frustration. "Dammit," he cursed. "Seems that there is no more moon on this pathetic planet. I've got no choice now. My battle power might drop a little bit, but it doesn't look like I've got any other option. I am not entirely sure what will happen if I transform while as a Super Saiyan, but it is a risk that I have to take. Ha, I can't wait to see the look of panic on his face!"

On the ground, Gohan noticed that Tullece's ki was now finally heading towards his position. "He's finally heading down," Gohan said to himself as he saw Tullece land to a cliff opposite to the demi-saiyan. The only way I can beat him is with the Genki Dama, Gohan said to himself. Am I going to be able to mentally focus myself for that?

The two warriors glared at each other as an uneasy breeze passed by the area. The weather began to pick up as if something bad was going to bad next. Tullece stared at the demi-saiyan warrior with a grin on his face. "Son Gohan… before I show you something, let me ask you a question," Tullece said. "Are you aware of why we can transform during a full moon?"

"Transform?" Gohan questioned. "Why do you ask? Does it have to pertain to something?"

Tullece grinned. "The light from the moon is what gets reflected from the sun," explained the evil Saiyan. "Sunlight contains Bruits waves only when it is reflected back by the moon. During a full moon, those Bruits waves reach a level of over seventeen million zenoes. When over seventeen million zenoes worth of Bruits waves are absorbed by our eyes, it triggers a reaction in our tails, and our transformation begins!"

"Why are you telling me this Tullece?" Gohan asked.

Tullece grinned even more, liking the reaction that Gohan was giving him. "A limited number of Saiyans are able to create an artificial full moon that emits over seventeen million zenoes," Tullece stated. "Even if the moon is gone from this planet, by mixing this planet's oxygen with my Power Ball…" Within that moment, Tullece brought his hand forward and began to roar a warrior's cry. Gohan prepared himself in a stance, anticipating an attack. However, a whitish ball of energy appeared on Tullece's hand!

The evil Saiyan let out an evil grin. "Sorry to keep you waiting, Kakabrat," Tullece said. "The time of your death has finally come. The son of a lower-class warrior like you should not have challenged a super-elite to battle!" Gohan began to wonder what was going on. The moment that strange light started glowing, his ki dropped, Gohan said to himself. Why did he do that? What the hell is he planning to go this far to do?

Then Tullece threw the ball not at Gohan but instead towards the sky! Gohan gaped in shock, wondering what Tullece was trying to do. Tullece looked at the ball and once it was in a good spot, he yelled, "Burst open and blend together!" Suddenly, the ball of energy that was once in Tullece's hand exploded, causing Gohan to cover up his eyes. The bright light engulfed the entire forest and since it was getting dark outside, most of the people of Mahora had noticed that bright light as well. People began to wonder what that bright light could mean. Could it be another firework? Most people dismissed it as so. However, that wasn't the case here.

Once the brightness had decreased, Gohan opened his eyes to look upwards. What he saw shocked him. Up in the sky, there now was a giant bright ball! "What have you done?" Gohan questioned, unsure what Tullece had done.

"You're going to regret losing your tail, Kakabrat!" The Saiyan's muscles throbbed and grew, his eyes blanking and a crazed expression coming into play. His power hungry eyes stared up at the artificial moon he had created, drawing strength from it and causing a chain reaction. Gohan watched in utter horror as Tullece grew, his muscles expanding and his height growing a meter per second. His tail uncurled and waved outwards, and a goldish-brown fur started to grow from his skin in all exposed areas. His golden hair turning brown and still kept its spiked form. All of Tullece's wounds were still there and they grew, but they all looked to have been healed. The transformation continued as Tullece began to lose more and more of his Super Saiyan look. The suit he wore expanded with him, able to stretch to great lengths without putting any strain on it. With the continuation of his transformation, the hill collapsed beneath him, crushed by his enormous feet. Within thirty seconds time, Tullece had grown into a gigantic beast… the Oozaru! With glowing red eyes and razor sharp teeth lining that long muzzle of his, the transformed Saiyan let out a roar and glared down at Gohan, grinning. "You are finished now, Son Gohan!"

Gohan clenched his fists as he stared at the giant ape, towering over him. The demi-saiyan trembled at both Tullece's stature and his increase in ki as it had increased to new heights! This was really bad. Really, really bad!



* * *



Author's note: Hey everybody! Hope you all enjoyed the chapter especially the introduction of Gogeta! I have to be perfectly honest, I added him just to satisfy the fans who wanted to see him. I first thought of not adding him in the story because it would seem such overkill but since many people kept on asking for him and Janemba to come in, well...I sort of caved in to the pressure. However, this doesn't mean that I will follow everyone's suggestions. Just some in which I think would be interesting for the story. I'll let you know if I think your suggestion is good enough for the story.

Anyways, the part that I enjoyed most was when Gohan and Tullece's beams clashed with one another. The reference to Goku vs Vegeta fight was done on purpose. I thought it would be cool to add that in. Just to let you know, don't expect the next chapter to be the same as with the Saiyan Saga. There will be a few surprises in the next few chapters. Can't wait!

Glossary:

Rukrak-Ho: An original attack for Tullece. It's translation is Arugula Gun since Rukrak is a pun for the japanese word for Arugula which is Rukkora. Since Tullece is a pun on lettuce, I thought on why not having an attack named after a type of lettuce.

READ AND REVIEW! There have been lately less reviews than before. What happened? Well, anyways, see you guys around! Peace!





*Chapter 44*: The Destined Battle of Negi vs Chao!


			I don't own anything. See Chapter 1 for details.

Author's note: Hey everybody! How is it going? Hope you all enjoyed your week. Mine was... okay I guess. Spring has finally come to Iwate (FINALLY!) after a long ass winter. Anyways, I want to thank all those who have been reviewing lately. Your reviews are much appreciated and I wish that everyone that has either put this story has a favorite or are reading it, to at least put one review. It's not too much to ask.

I read the reviews for the last chapter which I kind of expected the result being me called out for it being similar to the Saiyan Saga. But trust me, the next few chapters will make up for it. Also, in case you are wondering, I am still having writer's block in a sense. I have already written the next two chapters so expect those. I will try to get more chapters written as soon as I can. Thank you all for your support!

I want to thank Gokai Entertainment for being my beta for this chapter and from now on. He is great and I think we will work well together. So now, let me introduce to everyone Chapter 44 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 44: Gohan on the Ropes! The destined battle of Negi vs. Chao!

The battle raged on across Mahora as the shootout continued. However, things were not looking good for the Mahora Mage Order Society as the giant robots continued on marching toward the designated spots. These spots were the same ones that were needed for Chao's plan to succeed. One by one, the positions fell to the might of the giant robots, engulfing them in a bright column of light. "This is bad everyone!" commented Kazumi in the microphone as she saw everything on the giant screen. "I mean extremely bad! We're in a tight spot! Reports have come in that most of the other defensive positions, aside from the World Tree Plaza and the Girls School Annex Chapel, have been taken over by the invading forces! If we lose this final defensive position, it's all over! The end! Will the Mahora Mage Order fall to the evil power of the Martian Robot Army!"

"This is bad," said one of the students, trembling on the ground. "We are so gonna lose!"

"Quit complaining and keep firing!" yelled another student as he lifted his friend from the ground. He then pointed to the giant robot approaching their position. "We have to protect this Chapel at all costs!" His friend nodded in agreement as the two of them joined with the others in trying to push back the giant robot.

Kazumi, meanwhile, continued on commentating. "We can't give up hope!" She said. "We can still turn this situation around! Find and capture the leader of the opposition, Chao Lingshen, before the World Tree Plaza and the Girls School Annex Chapel falls to the enemy!" Kazumi gritted her teeth as she began to ponder the possibilities of now winning. According to Chamocchi, Chao-Lin plans to cast her spell around 7:37 pm, Kazumi said to herself. That means we have about 20 minutes left. We need more time! "Chao, the final boss is hiding somewhere in the open within the game area. She should be waiting in the middle of an illustration that is 30 meters square. Anyone that locates her and/or succeeds in capturing her will receive a special reward that's bigger than last year's prize! We ask everyone's cooperation! Non-participants may also take part in the search!"

And with that, everyone around the campus began to look for the location of Chao Lingshen; the two remaining defensive positions weren't doing so well. The two giant robots were still moving even after receiving large amounts of attacks from the participants. The two giant robots continued moving. Yuna and her buddies that she made during the battle were starting to get a little annoyed as they continued with their attack on the World Tree Plaza. "How many times do we have to hit that thing!" Yuna exclaimed as she and the others pressed on with their attack.

The giant robot at the World Tree Plaza opened its mouth to launch a devastating attack, knocking out several of the participants! "Retreat!" screamed one of the students. "Retreat to the upper part of the plaza!"

"Don't you dare go anywhere!" shouted Yuna as she survived the brunt of the attack, her clothes still intact (though severely ragged) while others had been stripped naked. "Stick with it, people! If we lose this defensive point, we lose! Hold your ground and fight!" And because of Yuna's confidence, the participants began to flock back to where Yuna was at and pressed on with their attack. However, whatever they threw at the giant robot, it wouldn't budge from its spot! It even brushed aside their attacks like they were nothing!

"It didn't make a dent!" screamed one of the participants. Yuna closed her eyes in frustration. Is this it? She asked herself. Is this end? Gohan-kun, where are you when we need you?

Suddenly a voice cried out across the air. "KAMEHAME-HAAA!" A large white ki beam split the sky as it hit the giant robot, giving it incredible damage! Everyone turned their heads around to see a figure floating in the sky. It was Negi Springfield on his magic staff, standing in the Kamehame-Ha pose!

"Negi-kun!" shouted Yuna. "You're here! But how did you do that?"

Negi smiled. "CGI, Yuna-san," responded the boy teacher. Yuna blinked a few times; curious as to how that was CGI.

In the meantime, Kazumi received a very interesting report about the whereabouts of Chao Lingshen. "Negi-kun!" shouted Kazumi. "Chao is on top of a blimp, 4,000 meters above the World Tree!"

"I understand, Asakura-san!" Negi responded. "By the way, do you know where Gohan-san is?"

Kazumi shook her head. "I'm not sure," she said. "The last thing I heard was that there was a rumor of two figures flying into the forest outside of Mahora. One of them looked like Gohan-kun."

"I see," Negi said when suddenly he felt a huge tug in the air. It was an extremely heavy pressure. It was quite massive and somehow, it felt…evil. He turned his head towards the direction of the massive power and noticed that there was another massive level near it. Although he was still getting used to detecting people's ki, the boy teacher immediately knew the other massive ki was Son Gohan's. Negi started to get worried when he saw up in the sky a bright white ball of energy up in the sky. Negi was feeling something strange coming from that ball of energy. He needed to check it out. After all, it could be Chao's doing. "I need to get over there! Gohan-san might need my help!"

"Negi-kun, look out!" screamed Kazumi, pointing to the rising giant robot that Negi had damaged using the Kamehame-Ha. Negi's eyes widened when he saw the giant robot stand right back up and ready to fire upon the helpless boy teacher. But before anything could happen to him, Negi heard a familiar voice scream across the sky.

"KIENZAN!"

A yellow energy disc breezed across the sky and sliced the giant robot in half! Everyone gaped at the sight, wondering what kind of attack was that. Negi turned his head around to see a familiar figure floating before him. It was Kuririn! "Kuririn-san!"

"Hey Negi!" greeted the former monk. "Thought you could use a hand!"

Negi smiled. "Thank you Kuririn-san," he said. "I am definitely going to need all the help I can get. Let's get the others and finish this…"

"No," interrupted Kuririn. "Let me finish this big guy off."

"Huh?"

"I may not look like it, but I am pretty strong myself," Kuririn said. "Besides, you are not needed here. You need to take care of Chao! After all, isn't that why you came back to the past?"

Negi nodded. "That's right!" he said. "Thank you Kuririn-san!"

Kuririn smiled as he watched Negi grab hold of his stick and shoot upwards into the sky. "Good luck, Negi," he said as he watched the giant robot that was sliced up in half rise up and continuing to press on. "All right big guy, prepare to meet Kuririn!" Kuririn put himself in his usual fighting pose as he dashed toward the remains of the robot army.

"Can you believe it people!" shouted Kazumi in the mike. "Here come some of the surviving members of the Hero units! They are Negi Springfield, aged 10 years old, and the friend of Son Gohan, Kuririn! Kuririn has stayed behind to fight against the robot army while Negi is headed 4,000 meters into the skies over Mahora Academy to face off against the final boss, Chao Lingshen! However, the game isn't over yet! There is no script to this game! The final boss, Chao Lingshen, has no intention of losing! That means, if things proceed as they are, it would mean a match-up between this year's third place winner in the Mahora Budokai versus Chao Lingshen, the sponsor of the tournament and a master of Northern Shaolin Kung Fu! They'll battle it out one-on-one! Nobody knows how this game will end! The robot army is still advancing!"

Suddenly, a loud roar was heard across the campus, causing everyone to cover up their ears a bit. Everyone looked around to see where the roar had come from. Then, a girl's cry was heard. It was coming from Misa. Madoka, Yuna, Fuuka, Akira, Fumika and Shiina whom were nearby, all rushed towards where Misa was. "Misa, what's wrong?" Madoka asked.

Misa simply raised her finger, pointing at the spot. Everyone turned their heads and gaped at the sight. What they saw before them in the distance was a giant ape! "What is that?" Yuna questioned. She glanced at Kazumi and asked, "Hey, Asakura, is that over there part of the game as well?"

Kazumi blinked a few times, curious as to what Yuna was referring to. However, once she got a camera over at that spot, she felt a chill in her spine as she looked at the ferocious giant ape. However, once she had panned the camera to look around that area, Kazumi's eyes widened when she saw a familiar figure with the giant ape. "G-Gohan-kun?"



* * *



Meanwhile…

At the forest outside of Mahora, two superpower beings were fighting it out. Well, in actuality, it was one person versus a giant ape! Son Gohan was the unfortunate person fighting against the giant ape as he kept on dodging the attacks from the recently transformed Tullece. Gohan cursed at his luck, wondering how Tullece had transformed like this and had gained such an enormous boost in power. This was bad.

"What do you say, Kakabrat?" Tullece declared, his voice booming across the forest, searching for Gohan as he was hiding from the giant ape. He floated behind a cliff and quickly had to get away as Tullece knocked it down. "You're finished now!" shouted the evil Saiyan as he chased after Gohan.

Gohan gritted his teeth as he kept on dodging Tullece's attacks. "W-What is going on here?" He questioned out loud to no one in particular. He knew that Tullece had transformed into a giant ape but how? There was no moon! How could he have transformed into one? Plus, why was his fur different? He had been told by everyone that when either he or Goku would transform into an Oozaru, the color of their fur was brown. However, the color of Tullece's fur was different as it was a combination of gold and brown. The demi-saiyan furrowed his eyebrows. That doesn't matter, Gohan said to himself. All I need to do is cut off his tail!

Gohan jumped up into the air, raising his hand up. A blue disc of ki appeared right above his hand. If what Kuririn-san said before during the fight against the Saiyan's those many years ago is true, then I should shrink him down to size by cutting his tail off! Gohan said to himself as he charged up his ki disc, readying to be launch at the transformed evil Saiyan. The demi-saiyan focused his senses, trying to find the right moment to launch his attack and cut off the Saiyan's tail. It took a few moments, Gohan found his opportunity as he dodged another one of Tullece's attacks. "Take this, Tullece!" shouted the demi-saiyan as he launched his disc at the evil Saiyan's tail. Gohan grinned, but it was a premature victory as Tullece had avoided the attack! "What!"

Tullece grinned evilly. "Did you think I would leave my weak spot open? I know all about it!" With a roar, Tullece shot up into the sky, using super speed to gain an advantage. Gohan was shocked beyond belief at the speed the ape used to dodge the attack and backed away, trying to get a lock onto his target. When he finally did, he found Tullece's ki directly above him and looked up. As soon as he did, he saw the giant Saiyan appear out of thin air and suddenly plummet towards him, arms crossed over his chest in attack. Gohan yelled in shock just before Tullece struck him, plummeting towards the ground.

Gohan tried to recollect himself in mid-air as he cried out, "KAIO-KEN!" A crimson aura surrounded the demi-saiyan, enabling him to flip around in mid-air and avoid Tullece's next attack. Using the speed gained from the Kaio-ken, Gohan rushed away, trying to get some distance between him and the evil Saiyan. He let out a sigh, allowing the crimson aura to disappear. Gohan immediately glared at the evil Saiyan, wondering how Tullece knew the attack was coming just as the giant Saiyan turned his head around towards the demi-saiyan.

"I'm going to let you in on a little something, Son Gohan," said Tullece, his voice booming across the forest. "The battle power of a Saiyan in his Oozaru form is ten times greater than before! Added to the fact that I have transformed into a Super Saiyan, my battle power has risen beyond comprehension! It is amazing!" However, little did Gohan know that Tullece was having trouble maintaining his sanity at the moment. Darn it, Tullece said to himself. Maybe it was not a good idea to transform while as a Super Saiyan. If this battle keeps going like this, I will lose any shred of control over my transformed Oozaru state. I cannot allow that to happen! I want to see Kakabrat's face of agony as I completely destroy him!

In the meantime, Gohan needed to change tactics and time to think. The only course of action was to hide for a moment from Tullece's gaze as he would think of plan in defeating the evil giant Saiyan. He jumped into air and began to fall back. However, as he was leaping from mountain to mountain and flying at speeds faster than the speed of sound, Gohan found himself being pursued by the massive Saiyan. Looking to his right, he saw the giant Oozaru right beside him traveling at the same speed, grinning maniacally. The demi-saiyan gritted his teeth. He needed to do something right now; otherwise, Tullece was going to destroy him!

Gohan flashed right in front of him and flew at his face, pounding him with hard, relentless punches. The demi-saiyan warrior yelled with each blow connecting with the giant ape's face, Tullece grunting as each blow struck. The Oozaru stepped back, continuously being hit.

Finishing off his assault, Gohan pulled his right leg round and sent a powerful roundhouse kick at Tullece. The blow knocked Tullece slightly to the side, but the blow only encouraged Tullece to continue. He returned to glare at Gohan hovering just meters away from him, a grin on his face. Gohan was shocked. Just as he was about to attack again, Tullece reached up with his right hand so fast, the demi-saiyan warrior found himself encased in a tight, bone crunching grip. Gohan screamed in pain with the encasement, trying to get out of it but found that he couldn't move. Tullece brought the demi-saiyan towards him and leered, grinning wildly.

"Do you think your puny attacks would be able to harm me?" Tullece asked loudly. Gohan growled and glared, his muscles throbbing with pain. It shot through him like being dropped in ice cold water. However, his determination was even stronger and Gohan resulted to a new tactic. Balling his fists beneath Tullece's large fingers, the demi-saiyan powered up.

"N-No… Kaio-ken… times FOUR!" Gohan yelled at the top of his lungs, a red aura suddenly surrounding him and Tullece's fist. The giant ape holding him felt a stinging sensation in his palm before his fingers were forcefully lifted. Gohan kicked and punched his way out, shooting forward with great speed and sending a double hammer whopper across the older Saiyan's face. Tullece growled from the blow, the earth shaking punch sending him staggering back. Gohan let out another yell and honed in on his assault, flying forwards and soaring straight for Tullece's stomach. Cranking back his fists, Gohan began hammering blows into the Oozaru's gut, forcing him back. But he soon realized that his assault was to be for nothing.

Tullece glared down at Gohan and growled, trying to keep himself in focus through the demi-saiyan warrior's efforts. "Why…you! Knock…it…OFF!" Tullece yelled. Raising his right fist up, he sent it straight down at Gohan. However, the red glowing demi-saiyan shot back, avoiding the strike before flying straight up, pulling his right fist back to attack.

Before he could, Tullece swiped up, back slapping Gohan away. This time, the demi-saiyan warrior did get hit. As soon as he was sent flying, his aura vanished. Seconds after being struck, thanks to his endurance and strength, Gohan managed to regain all his senses and flip back into submission. Gaining control over his flight, he began falling back. Forgive me, everyone, Gohan said to himself as he tried to ponder on the possibilities of actually winning this fight. Tullece is ridiculously powerful. Even with the Genki Dama, I doubt I have a chance of beating him. But how?

Then the idea came to him like lightning. Of course, Gohan said to himself. Why didn't I think of it before? I know that I need time collect the energy, but it is the only way to beat him! "I'll show you, Tullece!" Gohan shouted. "I'm gonna cram a Maho Genki Ken from me and the Earth right down your throat!"



* * *



Meanwhile…

Some of the participants viewed the giant monitor that was at the World Tree Plaza, seeing Son Gohan fighting against the Oozaru, Tullece. Yuna clenched her fist as she saw Gohan knocked away. At first she thought that Gohan was just adding to the spectacle but once she noticed that Gohan looked differently, she knew that the demi-saiyan was in trouble. And she wasn't the only one to notice. Akira, Shiina, and Misa had noticed it as well. Gohan needed their help! "Come on, everyone!" shouted Yuna as she rallied the troops. "Gohan-kun needs our help!"

The girls nodded in agreement. As they were about to rush towards where Gohan was at, they were blocked by Kuririn as he stood before them, his back turned to them. "You guys aren't going anywhere! We need everyone here to hold their position!"

"Hey, Gohan-kun needs our help!" Misa said. "Look at him!"

"Gohan can take care of himself," Kuririn said as he glanced at the monitor one last time. "Besides, he has faced worse situations than these." However, that didn't settle the girls' worries or his. He gritted his teeth. Dammit! Kuririn said to himself. I didn't think that Tullece knew how to create a moon. Gohan sure has his hands full. Even if we were to go over there, we wouldn't stand a chance against the giant ape. Suddenly, more robots appeared as well as the giant robot. "Great," he said sarcastically. "Just great, MORE of them."

Up in the sky, Negi continued to go skywards towards Chao's position. However, at the last second, he noticed something approaching him. Taking evasive actions, Negi cast a defensive spell and in the nick of time as three black orbs appeared before him. Negi clenched his teeth. It was Chao's special bullets. Could it be that Kaede lost to Mana? The boy teacher wondered with worry. To answer his question, several robots appeared in the sky. Negi cursed at this luck as he sped across the sky.

The air-model robots pursed the boy teacher across the sky as they gave chase to Negi. Negi needed to do something as he was being attacked at all sides. He fired off several attack spells at the robots, but every time he defeated one, two more appeared. Suddenly, after evading some of the bullets, Negi lost his balance on his stick, leaving him a sitting duck! Negi gritted his teeth when he saw an air-borne Chachamaru model before him, gun pointing at him. He closed his eyes! This was the end!

Suddenly, the air-model Chachamaru was defeated by a mighty blast. Negi gaped and before he could even try to use a quick Bukujutsu, he was grabbed by the collar. He looked up to see Kotarou! "Seriously?" the hanyou questioned. "You sweating over the tiny fishies? I thought you were my rival. Idiot."

"K-Kotarou-kun!" Negi exclaimed happily. Suddenly, more air-model robots appeared! "L-Look out!" Negi screamed out in worry. However, the boy teacher didn't have to worry when the robots were sliced up into pieces. Negi's mouth opened wide once he saw who had defeated the robots. It was Asuna and Setsuna! "Asuna-san! Setsuna-san!"

"Victory!" Asuna said with a smile and a victory as she landed on Misora's broom while Setsuna had taken out her angel-like wings to make her fly. As Asuna landed on Misora's broom, the broom began to act strangely.

"Hey, Asuna!" Misora said. "The broom starts to act up when you're on it!"

"What are you talking about!" questioned Asuna. "You're not saying it's my fault, are you?"

"No, seriously," responded the nun. "We're going to fall. You have to get off!"

"I can't just get off!" Asuna shouted as she suddenly felt a chill run along her spine. She glanced towards where the giant ball of energy was at as she felt something bad coming from there. She was about to ask Misora to go over there when suddenly more robots appeared. The orange-haired girl was about to attack when suddenly, a voice rang out.

"MANKAKOSAPPO!" A narrow beam shot across the sky accompanied by a second beam that swirled around it, acting like a drill as it hit several robots, effectively destroying them! "SUPER GHOST KAMIKAZE ATTACK!" Suddenly, several ghosts appeared, grabbing onto the robots and exploding! Asuna, Setsuna and Negi immediately knew who the attacks had come from. They glanced up to see Gotenks and Piccolo floating before them.

"Piccolo-san!" shouted Negi, Asuna, Kotarou and Setsuna.

Gotenks did his signature greeting once he saw the group. "Yosh! Gotenks-sama has appeared!"

"What are you guys doing here?" Negi asked.

"We are here to help Negi-sensei," Setsuna replied as she sliced up another robot.

"That's right," Piccolo said as he blasted a robot away with a ki sphere. "You're going to face Chao, right?"

Negi nodded. "Good then!" Asuna said, coming up next to Piccolo. "If you end up having to leave this school, go. But I'm not going to forgive you, okay!"

"Go and kick Chao's butt Negi-kun!" Gotenks shouted.

"Asuna-san, Gotenks-kun…" Negi trailed as more explosions occurred around him. He took a glance around, wondering where two certain Saiyan warriors were.

"Don't worry about Goku and Vegeta," Piccolo said as he knew what Negi was going to ask next. "They are taking care of the robots down below." And sure enough, they were just doing that as Super Gogeta! Gogeta had luckily gotten to the Chapel where the other robot was at, helping out with the defenses. As the participants were attacking at the giant robot in full force, Gogeta was taking care of the robots on the ground. He was getting a good workout after fighting against the two Artificial Humans and beating them. The fused Saiyan warrior grinned as he saw the participants push the giant robot back a bit. He continued with his attack as he knocked a few robots out of the way.

In the meantime, up in the sky, the group continued to destroy the surrounding robots. Setsuna floated beside Negi. "We're sorry," Setsuna said. "We were no match for her. Negi-sensei, please take care of Chao-san for us."

"Get going Negi!" Kotarou added as he attacked another robot. "Leave this battle to us!"

Negi nodded. "Thanks!" the boy teacher said. "Setsuna-san, Asuna-san, Piccolo-san, Gotenks-kun and Kotarou-kun, I'm counting on you! I'll see you soon!" And with that, Negi sped off into the sky. The group looked at the distancing Negi and noticed that they had been surrounded.

Gotenks let out a chuckle. "I have been so anxious for this moment!" he said. "I have been waiting to try out my brand new technique!"

Piccolo couldn't help but get a nervous sweat. "Y-Your new technique?" the Namekian questioned.

The fused demi-saiyan warrior nodded. "That's right! Let me show you!" But before he could do anything, his body glowed and suddenly out came Goten and Trunks! Gotenks was no more! The fusion had worn off!

"Oh, no! Our fusion!" shouted the two little demi-saiyan's as the group gaped a bit. Piccolo couldn't help but face palm himself at this moment. It was like déjà vu all over again.

"Great, now what do we do?" questioned Asuna. "We are surrounded!"

"You worry too much Asuna-neesan," Trunks said as he got himself in a fighting pose. "Even though our fusion wore off, we can still take care of these robots with no sweat."

Goten nodded in agreement. "That's right!" he said. However, the demi-saiyan couldn't help but glance over at the strange orb of energy that was in the sky. He tried to look around the area and noticed to two ki levels there. One of them belonged to Gohan! "Nii-chan!" shouted Goten.

Piccolo glanced at Goten, seeing the demi-saiyan putting himself in a dashing position. "Goten, what are you doing?" asked the Namekian.

"Nii-chan is in trouble!" Goten replied, causing Setsuna and Asuna to stop and glance at the demi-saiyan.

"Gohan?"

"Gohan-sensei?"

Goten nodded. "Onii-chan's ki has dropped! He is in trouble!" Goten shouted. "He needs my help!" And with that, a blue aura surrounded the demi-saiyan as he sped off towards Gohan's position.

"Goten!" shouted Piccolo, but it was too late. The little demi-saiyan was already off. "Damn! He should know better! He needs to rest for one hour after using the fusion!"

"Wait up Goten!" Trunks shouted as he was about to chase after his best friend but the Namekian stopped him before he could do anything. "Piccolo-san!"

"Trunks, listen to me!" Piccolo said sternly. "You haven't recovered from using the fusion! You would be no match for Tullece and no help to Gohan! Don't go after Goten! It's suicide!"

"Well, I am going after him! Goten is going to need my help!"

"Trunks!" Piccolo said as Trunks pushed off of the Namekian and chased after Goten, surrounded by a blazing blue aura. The Namekian clenched his fist in frustration as he muttered, "Damn. Those two are really the sons of Goku and Vegeta." He turned to Asuna and Setsuna. "You two, go after them!"

"Huh?" sounded both warriors.

"But why, Piccolo-san?" asked Setsuna.

"Goten and Trunks are going to get into trouble if we don't do something. They haven't recovered fully from using the fusion," Piccolo replied. "Besides, Gohan might need your help. I can't leave this spot; otherwise these robots will attack Negi. You two chase after them. And if the situation becomes too dangerous for any of you, leave and come back to me."

Asuna and Setsuna nodded in agreement. Both of them were thankful to Piccolo as they were looking for an excuse to go over there anyways. The two girls felt something strange was going on over there and it was getting them extremely worried about Gohan's safety. Setsuna felt chills run along her spine as she detected the ki level over at that area. Gohan was definitely in trouble, noticing that he was facing against a massive ki level, the likes she never felt before. The two girls looked at each other and knew what they had to do.

Asuna turned her head towards Misora and said, "Misora-chan, let's go!"

Misora shook her head. "N-No way!" she said. "I am definitely not going over there! There is trouble over there!"

Asuna grabbed hold of the nun, shaking her desperately. "This isn't up for discussion! Gohan is in danger!" The two girls fought it out on top of the broom until finally Misora gave in defeat. She was going to take Asuna over there, but once she left the orange-haired girl over there, she was going to take off and go as far away as possible.

Setsuna floated next to them. "Let's go Asuna-san!" Asuna nodded as she and Setsuna said farewell to Piccolo and Kotarou.

Kotarou was about to follow them but was stopped by Piccolo. The hanyou looked at the Namekian with curiosity on his face. "You are not going anywhere Kotarou," Piccolo said. "You are going to help me here."

"Why?" Kotarou asked. "You can definitely take care of these fishies!"

"True, but it would be a good way for you to get some training in," replied the Namekian. Kotarou gaped a bit, surprised that Piccolo was about to do some training with him. Piccolo grinned. "Consider this your first lesson… survive against the onslaught!"

The hanyou grinned as he and the Namekian dashed towards the air-model robots. An epic clash occurred as various explosions appeared across the sky as the two warriors put everything in defeating the floating robot army.



* * *



Meanwhile…

Gohan raised his arms high up in the air as he started to collect the Genki for his attack. And just in case, he started to collect the magic energy that was in the air and that was also being expelled from the World Tree. After all, he had used a combination of the Earth's Genki energy and the magic energy to defeat Tullece back in the future. But because the demi-saiyan needed to focus all of his attention on gathering energy for the Maho Genki Ken, he had failed to notice the approaching giant Saiyan until the last minute. Tullece went out with a hook, destroying the area that Gohan was standing on.

Gritting his teeth, Gohan called out at the last moment, "K-KAIO-KEN!" A crimson aura surrounded him as he jumped up into the air. Tullece knew that Gohan was going that way and so, using his tail, he attacked the demi-saiyan warrior, knocking him backwards. Gohan did several flips through the air until he finally regained focus. He shook his head, trying to ease the pain that Tullece dealt him.

The giant Saiyan grinned maniacally. "What's the matter? Can't you even run away?" taunted the evil Saiyan as his giant red eyes began to twitch. It was only for few moments as Gohan didn't notice it, but Tullece knew why that happened. His control over his transformed state was slipping. He needed to end this quickly before he lost control over his Oozaru form and kill Gohan without him knowing about it! If that were to happen, Tullece wouldn't be able to live with himself, especially after the humiliation that he gave to the evil Saiyan! The fight ends now! Tullece said to himself.

"Die!" Tullece roared, leaning forward into a sprinting stance before disappearing into super speed. The ground shook violently with a massive amounts of trees were suddenly becoming crushed as an invisible, lightning fast monster ran straight for its next target. Gohan was unable to act fast enough when suddenly, Tullece appeared out of nowhere and sent a hook directly at him. The enlarged knuckles slammed into Gohan with such force it sent the demi-saiyan warrior flying into a distant small mountain, crashing seconds later and turning it into rubble.

"What's the matter, Kakabrat? Can't you deal with this?" Tullece taunted while he floated up in the sky as more rubble came down on Gohan's position. Then, at the sound of a small pebble falling down, Gohan broke free! The demi-saiyan warrior burst out of the rocks and boulders, sending them away as he broke out of his supposed tomb and into the light of day. Panting heavily and covered in newly acquainted bruises, Gohan looked up with one eye half lidded and a pained look on his face.

"A-As big as he is, he's so fast!" panted Gohan. "There isn't enough time for me to focus to create a Maho Genki Ken! Not even a time's five Kaio-ken would work against him!" The demi-saiyan gritted his teeth. This was not going well! Gohan needed to do something; otherwise this was going to be the end of him as well as the Earth!

The giant evil Saiyan grinned. "Hmph, you're not going to come at me? In that case, I'll go after you!" he shouted as he dashed towards Gohan's position. The demi-saiyan clenched his fists as he tried to figure out his next move.

"Rats, I need more time!" Gohan said. Then, the demi-saiyan noticed the giant ball of energy that Tullece had recently created. Suddenly an idea came to him. "T-That's it!" Jumping into the air, the demi-saiyan warrior put himself in front of the approaching giant ape. Tullece was a bit shocked at Gohan's sudden action, but again this would work in his favor. It would seem like the demi-saiyan wanted to die and Tullece was going to grant that request. But then Gohan did something that took Tullece by surprise.

Gohan put his hands to his temples, palms inward, fingers spread. "TAIYO-KEN!" shouted the demi-saiyan. Tullece screamed in shock as a massive flash shot from nowhere and made the world go dark with the afterimage of Gohan with his hand next to his face, burned into his brain. He, for several seconds, was totally blind. Gohan grinned, glad that his little surprise worked. "Now, while the brightness has blinded his eyes…"

With a quick engulfment of a crimson aura, Gohan sped away from Tullece. The evil giant Saiyan held onto his face, specifically to his eyes. "M-My eyes! My eyes!" He roared in pain as he tried to adjust them but couldn't! He was blind! Curse him, that Kakabrat! Tullece said to himself in anger. "Why, when I get my hands on you… you are so dead!"

Gohan turned his head, seeing if Tullece's eyesight had returned. At the moment, it hadn't. Gohan let out a sigh of relief, but he couldn't relax just yet. He needed to form the Maho Genki Ken! "A-All right. With this much distance…" muttered Gohan as he landed softly on the ground as he finally found a spot for him to hide at the moment to gather up the energy needed for his attack. Raising his hands "T-The Land…the Seas…and…all living things… please, share your energy with me!" I beg you! Gohan said to himself as he focused on collecting the Genki and magic energy.

Back on the Mahora campus, the participants continued on with their battle against the Martian robot army. Some of the participants started to notice some strange things occurring around them as they battled against the robot army. The plants, the trees, the area around them started to move around as if a breeze was passing by. They looked at this with curiosity because they couldn't feel any breeze come through the area. However, they couldn't ponder on too much due to the increased attack coming from the robot army.

Despite that though, the participants that had martial arts abilities, such as those who participated in the Mahora Budokai, felt some sort of energy coursing through the air. Some of them even noticed small specks of light coursing through the area and going towards a single area located in the forest. They wondered what could these small specks of light mean and why were they going towards that one spot. They didn't realize it, but it was the Genki from the planet going towards Gohan's position. The demi-saiyan continued to gather up the energy needed to form a strong Genki Dama, powerful enough to take Tullece down. In the meantime, Gohan had taken out his pactio card and called upon the magic energy in the area towards him as well. He tried to remember how it happened last time during his battle against Tullece in the future. He definitely was going to need to practice on this newfound technique if he were to survive this battle.

Tullece, meanwhile, kept on trying to open his eyes but couldn't. His eyes were still blinded by the Taiyo-ken that Gohan did to him. "Damn it!" roared the evil Saiyan. "What an insolent thing to do!" When I get my hands on you Kakabrat, you are going to wish that I had killed you earlier! Tullece said to himself as he continued to try to adjust his eyes to the light that was shining thanks to the Saiyan's Power Ball.

Gohan continued on gathering the energy needed. A-A little more… a little more and I can create a Maho Genki Ken… Gohan said to himself. He opened one of his eyelids to see how Tullece was doing. Tullece had begun to move around his head, as if he were searching for the demi-saiyan warrior. He's starting to get his sight back. Still, at this distance, I'll be able to launch my Maho Genki Ken before he can attack or even see me. I just need more time! Please, give me more Genki energy! Gohan called out to the Earth as he started to collect more Genki energy. He was going to need more time!

"Damn it, where are you?" roared Tullece as he was quickly regaining his eyesight. He glanced around, looking for the demi-saiyan, but couldn't find him! "Where are you? Where did you go? It's no use trying to escape! I can sense your presence!" Gohan gritted his teeth as more and more Genki had been gathering in his body. The Genki and magic energy is collecting! Gohan said to himself as he tried to call upon more energy.

As a result, there was an increase of energy in the area. Tullece noticed it and even though he wasn't at the same level of being able to detect ki levels as Gohan and the others, he knew where the energy was coming from. There was only one person who could do it. "Why, you…!" The evil giant Saiyan growled as he turned his attention towards the source of the increasing ki. As Tullece began to approach the spot where Gohan was at, he felt this energy to be familiar; something that he would never forget. It couldn't be? Tullece wondered. Kakabrat can't know that technique, can he? I better eliminate him while I still have the chance!

Gohan opened one of his eyelids as he felt Tullece's ki approaching him and fast. He found me! Gohan said to himself. Please, let there be enough time! Suddenly, the demi-saiyan felt it. He was completely encompassed by the Genki energy given to him by the planet Earth. "I-It's done!" Gohan exclaimed with a happy look on his face. "I've collected the Genki energy of the whole Earth! Plus, I was able to gather up some magic energy as well thanks to my pactio! All right! It's time to end this!" Getting out of his hiding spot, he turned and faced the approaching Oozaru. Collecting the energy into a single spot, Gohan was able to put all the energy into his arm, ready to be launched. "All right Tullece, you are finished!"

Tullece's giant red eyes widened! He knew the technique that Gohan was going to use on him. He knows that technique! Tullece shouted to himself. He didn't think that the demi-saiyan would know the same technique that Son Goku used on him to defeat him those many years ago. He needed to act fast! "Take this!" Rearing his head back, the ape suddenly threw it forward again and opened his maw to a gaping extent. In just a split second, a pink, megaton blast of energy shot forth from his mouth, devouring Gohan in an instant and sending Gohan in a whirlwind of turbulence and fire. Gohan let out a cry as he was sent hurling through the air as the blast was sent directly into a mountain. Combined with the blast and the collision, the mountain was reduced to rubble, and Gohan was nowhere in sight.



* * *



Meanwhile…

At the top of a blimp that was high in the sky, stood two figures. Upon closer inspection, it was Chao and her friend, Hakase. Hakase stood in the center of a magic circle as she recited the spell to activate the 'forced recognition spell' that everyone has been desperately trying to stop. Hakase looked at her friend and spoke, "Synchronization with the 12 other sacred areas is now complete. We just need to take over the World Tree Plaza and the Girls School Chapel Annex down below. We're almost out of time. I didn't expect Goku-san and Vegeta-san to use the fusion technique that you told me about."

"That's okay Hakase," responded the Chinese genius. "Their technique should wear off soon. And once it does, Goku and Vegeta won't be able to stop their area from being taken over. I know all about their techniques, including that fusion dance." She glanced at her friend. "Hakase, I want you to begin reciting the words to the final part of the ceremonial spell."

"That should take 11 minutes and 6 seconds to complete," Hakase said. "Are you sure it's prudent?"

"It will be fine," replied Chao. "Please begin."

"Are you really sure about this, Chao-san?" Hakase questioned. "Should we really go through with this plan?"

"Yes," Chao responded. She was about to say something else, until she felt a presence in the air. She let out a small smile as she had recognized who it belonged to. "Actually," she said, "we're not the ones making the decision." Chao motioned to the side of the blimp to a small figure, floating in the sky. "He is going to."

Hakase turned her attention towards where Chao was pointing at. Upon closer inspection, she noticed who it was. Negi Springfield had arrived! "Negi-sensei!" exclaimed Hakase.

"Chao-san… Hakase-san," muttered the boy teacher as he glanced at the area. He also took a quick glance back at the forest where Gohan was fighting. Negi noticed that Gohan's ki had suddenly plummeted. Negi was worried. Gohan needed help as the other large ki was still standing strong. Negi knew what he had to do. He was going to have to finish this fight quickly in order to help Son Gohan.

"You've finally made it here Negi-bouzu. Impressive! We're finally on the same stage," Chao spoke, grabbing Negi's attention. "Now then what will you do, Negi-sensei?"

"This time..." Negi hesitated for a moment before raising his voice, "This time I will stop you, Chao-san!"

"Then I too shall fight for my beliefs," Chao took of her cloak, getting ready for battle, "and I will use all that I have!"

"Well then here I come!" Negi shouted grabbing onto the time machine in his pocket. Before he can even react, Chao was behind him, displacement bullets being charged electrically charged by her suit. Using shundo, Negi did the same thing to Chao catching her by surprise. Using his own magically enhanced elbow, he hit her side causing her to fly to the side. Chao frowned before disappearing inside a large circle and reappearing behind Negi. She then hit him with one of the bullets. The girl smirked when the black orb appeared around her teacher.

That however fell the moment the orb collapsed within itself, and Negi reappeared behind her. He tried to use an electrically enhanced palm thrust to the girl, but she dodged to the side. As this was happening Satomi was watching in awe. When one would get hit they would instantly reappear behind the other or completely dodge the move effortlessly. The nerdy girl gulped as the two were leaving afterimages as they fought, and caused shockwaves of power when they met each other's attacks. This... this is a battle between two who can manipulate time. I can't even tell what's going on anymore. It's like watching Goku-san and Vegeta-san battling it out once again, she thought.

Chao let out a chuckle as she stared at her teacher. "You've come far in using the Cassiopeia Negi-bouzu. I did not expect that to happen. For you to be skilled in using that machine in such a small period of time...It's expected from one of my honorable ancestors."

"It was easy, once I realized that the Cassiopeia can be used for combat," Negi replied. "Even if you receive a blow that you can't block, by jumping to a different time in that instant, you can easily circumvent any attack. Furthermore, I've found that by jumping into the same time and space repeatedly, you can simulate time stopping."

"B-But Negi-sensei, either ability is not that easy to perform!" Hakase shouted. "In order to use the Cassiopeia effectively during combat, it requires accurate manipulation in less than nanosecond increments plus accurate predictions of the outcomes! It took us two years of computer simulations to finally achieve that ability! Besides that, the energy cost of the future phenomenon prediction and other calculations required would increase exponentially, along with our ability to correct for the breakdown of the causality principals. It's impossible to do a pseudo-time stop for longer than 2.68 seconds or avoid an attack that takes place longer than 3.27 seconds previous or to move more than 10 meters away in that jump!

"Yes, even the Cassiopeia unit three on my back is being controlled by the most advanced AI," Chao revealed.

"The trick is this!" Negi stated showing the time machine. Where the controls of the watch were placed, two tiny magical creatures were seen.

"Are those sprites?" Hakase asked.

"The two simplest spells mages learn are moving small objects and fortune-telling. These sprites take care of those spells," explained the boy teacher as the little girl-like sprite shouted 'I will predict!' and a ball-like sprite with long arms, two wings and a tail said, 'I'm a spinning!'

"How can such basic spells…?" Hakase questioned before Negi interrupted her.

"Yes, of course it would be hard for these simple spirits to make accurate predictions and calculations," Negi explained. "And doing so without the applications of complex magic theories and the construction of high-level spell formulas is even more difficult. In my case, these basic magical applications are my specialty, even more so than combat magic. I was the Valedictorian of the Meldiana Magic Academy. My scores set the highest record in a decade."

Hakase nervously sweated at Negi's boast. Negi-sensei is a boy genius! Hakase said to herself. Negi's face then turned to a stern look as he glared at Chao. "Now, Chao-san," he said. "You've lost your advantage in combat! Give yourself up and abandon the plan!"



* * *



Meanwhile…

A cloud dust appeared in the sky. Seeing clouds of dust rise and the mountain disappear in the distance, Tullece let out a cruel laugh and leered in the direction he had just blasted his opponent, thinking that he had finally killed the demi-saiyan warrior. However, his victory boast was premature as he saw a hand crawl out of the crater. It was Son Gohan and he was still alive but only barely! He was covered in heavy cuts and injuries. It was by luck that he was even still alive. "I-I never expected him to attack like that… I-I really misjudged things," Gohan muttered as he tried to get up.

However, the demi-saiyan warrior was so much pain, his body didn't respond at all. Gohan clenched his fist as he tried to use the Maho Genki Ken or even Genki Dama but couldn't! "Good grief, the Maho Genki Ken I worked so hard to make is now gone," Gohan said. His only weapon in defeating Tullece was now gone. Gohan was going to lose!

"Hmph, you're one tough bastard," Tullece said as he saw the still living Son Gohan. Despite the demi-saiyan warrior being alive, Tullece knew that the battle was over. "But then, you look like you've almost had it. I can tell." You didn't need to be proficient in martial arts to know that Gohan was hanging on the ropes. It would seem that Gohan would be defeated and the demi-saiyan knew it himself.

"He's got me," Gohan muttered in defeat, panting heavily as his body was in a huge amount of pain. "Now, I don't even have a prayer of beating him. I used up nearly all of my ki on that Genki Dama just now." I-I'm sorry, everyone, Gohan said to himself. He was just too strong for me.

Tullece grinned, noticing that Gohan was not even getting up. "Well, what will you do now?" The evil Saiyan taunted as he had finally regained almost complete control over his Oozaru state. Now that the demi-saiyan was close to being out of commission, Tullece didn't need to exert out too much energy in crushing Gohan. This kind of thinking led to an idea. Tullece grinned evilly as he went towards Gohan's position.

Once the giant ape was over the demi-saiyan's body, Tullece plummeted straight down to towards Gohan, crushing his legs! Gohan screamed out in pain. His legs were completely shattered due in part to Tullece's heavy weight! Tullece leered evilly. "Whoops! Sorry, sorry! Looks like I accidentally stepped on you, crushing your legs," the evil Saiyan said. As he looked down on the demi-saiyan, ideas of torturing Son Gohan were popping up in the evil Saiyan's mind. After all, Gohan had humiliated him deeply. He needed to be shown as an example in not messing with a super elite Saiyan warrior like Tullece. "Well, this time, let me accidentally crush your heart!"

Taking out his right index finger, Tullece hanged over Gohan's position. "This is the end for you, Son Gohan!" Tullece said with a tone of satisfaction behind his voice. "Even if you found some way to come back again, this planet won't be here when you do!"

"D-Damn it, he's completely beaten me," muttered Gohan as he stared at his impending doom, with Tullece's giant finger hanging over him. "I never imagined there'd be such a gap in power between us. And here I thought that I had caught up to him thanks to the battle that I had with him earlier. How wrong I was."

"Hmph, die!" Tullece roared as he sent his index finger towards Gohan's body. But before the finger could reach him, Gohan flung his eyes wide open as he shot his right arm straight up and blasted a ki beam. The already battle scarred Saiyan got struck directly in his right eye as the blast hit on home. Oozaru Tullece roared in pain and staggered back, gripping his smoking face.

"That's my last; parting shot…" panted the demi-saiyan warrior with a Son grin on his face, knowing that his death was near. "I-I don't even have enough strength left to blow my nose now… D-Do what you will with me…"

After toppling various hills and mountains, Tullece glared at the demi-saiyan warrior with an ash cross, bruised eye. "Why, you! Kakabrat, how dare you… how dare you scar my face?" Gohan was suddenly picked up by Tullece again. This time, the grip the Oozaru had him in was stronger than before. As soon as he was brought up to Tullece's glare, Gohan felt himself get crushed as the giant ape's grip tightened. Tullece gripped the hand that held Gohan with his other hand, tightening it even more.

"I'm going to squeeze you to death!" Gohan screamed in agony, feeling his bones grind and break. Every part of his body became numb as Tullece's crushing took a greater toll on him. Adding up to all the bruises and wounds he had already received, the pains of being both straggled and squished in the hands of a giant monster made it all worse. The demi-saiyan warrior couldn't do anything. He could not muster any energy or strength whatsoever to break out of this lock this time. Tullece grinned, the sounds of Gohan's screams reaching his ears and driving him on to further torture the demi-saiyan hero. "Suffer good and hard, and then die!"

Meanwhile, as Gohan was being subjected to the worse kind of pains imaginable, a group of people had arrived at the scene. It was Goten, Trunks, Setsuna, Asuna and Misora! The girls were finally able to catch up to the little demi-saiyan warriors before they could have done something drastic. Luckily they didn't as they were, at the moment, a kilometer away from Tullece's position. Asuna and Setsuna immediately winced once they saw Gohan being crushed by Tullece's giant hands. "Wh-What is that?" Asuna questioned

"I-I'm not sure," Trunks responded as if the question was direct to him. "I have never seen something like this before."

Goten's body trembled. "Onii-chan!" screamed out the spikey haired demi-saiyan. He was about to rush towards Tullece and try to rescue Gohan but he was stopped by a tackle from Trunks. "What are you doing Trunks-kun?"

"Goten, calm down!" Trunks said sternly, catching everyone by surprise. Trunks would never say something like that. "We need to think this through! Otherwise, we will be destroyed the minute we get in there!"

"But…"

"Haven't you noticed his ki level, Goten?" Trunks questioned with a stern look on his face. "Just like Piccolo-san said, we haven't fully recovered from using the fusion. If you go in there, you will be killed."

"Then what are we supposed to do?" Goten asked, his body trembling in worry as the group continued to hear Gohan's cries of agony. "Onii-chan is going to be killed!"

"I know that Goten!" Trunks retorted. "Just let me think. First off, why is there a giant ape over here? We didn't see any apes around Tullece. And where is that bastard anyways? What could this all mean?"

"I know what it means," Misora said. "It means trouble. We saw Gohan-sensei, so why don't we go back to Mahora campus where it is much safer? I mean, I'm sure Gohan-sensei's friends will be able to handle this." Misora started to tip toe away before being pulled back by Asuna. "A-Asuna-san?"

"You are staying here with us, Misora-chan!" Asuna said. "We are going to need everyone in order to rescue Gohan! Besides, he is your teacher! As his student, you have a responsibility in rescuing him!"

"But how?" Misora questioned as she motioned to the Oozaru, Tullece, who kept on squeezing Gohan. "Do you know what that is? I'm pretty sure you don't. And even if we did know, wow are we going to defeat that? I can tell that we would stand no chance against that beast."

"Misora-san," Setsuna spoke up, "I may have an answer for defeating that monster." Goten, Trunks, Misora, and Asuna turned their heads to Setsuna.

"What do you mean Setsuna-neesan?" Goten asked. "Do you know what that monster is?"

Setsuna nodded. "Haven't you noticed the armor that the giant ape is wearing?" questioned the swordswoman. Asuna and Goten looked dumbfounded, wondering why Setsuna mentioned about that. Trunks and Misora immediately recognized to what Setsuna was referring to; their eyes widened upon the realization.

"What does the armor have to do with anything, Setsuna-san?" Asuna asked.

"Asuna-san, that monster is wearing the same armor as Tullece," Setsuna stated. "It could only mean that giant ape is actually Tullece!"

Asuna's, Goten's, Trunks's, and Misora's eyes widened at the statement. "B-But how is that possible?" asked Asuna.

"Yeah," added Misora. "How can one man turn into that thing? It's like reverse evolution!"

Setsuna let out sigh. "Asuna-san, remember what Gohan-sensei told us before during the Kyoto trip, after he had transformed into a Super Saiyan in front of us for the first time?" Asuna nodded as she couldn't forget the first time she saw that look on Gohan's face. It wasn't an image that you could easily forget. Setsuna continued. "Gohan-sensei mentioned that Saiyan's were easily distinguishable through their monkey tails and when they see the full moon, they transform into Oozaru." Asuna gaped a bit, remembering the same thing that Setsuna mentioned.

"Really?" Trunks and Goten both questioned in unison.

"That's the first time I heard about it," Goten commented.

"No wonder why Mama always cuts off my tail," Trunks also commented. "I always wondered why she did that."

"However, if that is true then how could have Tullece transformed into an Oozaru?" Asuna asked. "He needs the moon doesn't he? I don't see the moon anywhere. Do you?"

Setsuna shook her head. "No, but Tullece may have found a way around that," the swordswoman said. "And based on what Gohan-sensei told us, I think our only option is to cut off the tail."

"Cut off the tail?" repeated everyone.

Setsuna nodded. "That's right. I think if we cut off the tail, then Tullece should return to normal size."

"That should work then!" Asuna said with Goten and Trunks nodding in agreement. It seemed like Setsuna's plan was the only option, however, someone had something to say about it.

"Hold on," spoke up Misora. "How much of a guarantee is that going to work? I mean, even if it does return that man to normal size, how are we going to beat him?"

"We'll worry about that later," Asuna responded. "Right now, our priority is to save Gohan. Setsuna-san, what do you have planned?" Setsuna then gathered the troops as she started to explain her plan to everyone.

Meanwhile, Gohan continued to cry out in agonizing pain. "It felt like most of your bones broke just now. Does it hurt? Eh?" Tullece laughed as he continued applying pressure to Gohan, slowly crushing him in his large hands. He tightened and tightened, but to no avail as Gohan was still alive and well. The enlarged, transformed evil Saiyan warrior bared his teeth venomously and glared hatefully at his foe. The demi-saiyan warrior wailed, his head shaking about to throw off the pain. Every bone in his body felt like it had been broken, and the numbness had increased as well. All the blood was building, and felt as though it would burst out of him. For a normal human being, it was like being coiled and crushed by an anaconda.

Just as Tullece was about to finish him, his ears twitched at a familiar sound. He moved his eyes to see two figures standing before him on top of a cliff. It was Goten and Asuna! The two warriors were standing on two separate cliffs. Goten positioned himself in a fighting pose while Asuna had taken out her artifact; her sword in front of her. The evil Saiyan grinned at the sight. "Well, well, look what we have here? If it isn't Kakabrat's little brother?" He then turned his head towards Asuna. "And the brat's lover? Have you two come here to die?"

"You leave Onii-chan alone!" shouted Goten, trying to send some killing intent to the giant ape. Tullece shrugged it off as he let out a laugh.

"Ha ha ha ha! You think you two can beat me? Pathetic," Tullece said as he completely covered the almost unconscious demi-saiyan. Asuna winced at the sight. Tullece caught that and decided to even further torture the poor demi-saiyan warrior. "Heh, heh, heh. Watch as your hope dies away."

"Get away from Gohan!" Asuna yelled angrily. "You get away from him or else…"

"Or else what little girl?" Tullece taunted. "You wouldn't be any match for me even if you tried. Ha ha ha ha! Now, say good-bye to Kakabrat!"

Meanwhile, behind Tullece, Trunks and Setsuna got themselves in position. The two warriors nodded at each other as both of them readied their attacks. Setsuna drew out her blade and Trunks prepared his own special technique. Bringing both his arms to the side of his torso, Trunks charged up his ki. Then, he extended his arms forward, firing a golden energy wave at Tullece. "KIKOUHA!" yelled Trunks. Tullece heard the shout as he caught the blast directly in the chest, the explosion greater than he had anticipated but still only a minor hit.

Winded, Tullece staggered back, glaring up again to see who had hit him. When he did, he saw Trunks, who at the moment, was shocked that his attack had no effect. Tullece chuckled. "Fool! Do you think that would work against me?" roared the evil giant Saiyan. He was a bit pissed that the attack hit him, but Tullece knew what the group had been planning.

Extending his senses out quickly, Tullece detected the incoming energy sign of an attack coming from behind and he quickly jumped, avoiding what he saw whizzing off into the distance what appeared to be a golden slash. Landing with an earthquake level crash, he turned round towards its source. There, standing on a distant hill was Setsuna, panting a bit. "Damn," she muttered.

Tullece grinned evilly. "Did you really think I would leave my tail unprotected?" asked the evil giant ape. "I knew that you would try something like that the moment that Kakabrat's littler brother and lover showed up. The little brat wouldn't go anywhere without the help of his best friend, the son of the princess of Saiyan's, especially after their fusion had ended. Plus," Tullece glanced at both Setsuna and Asuna, "I believe that Chao had taken you two out of commission earlier. If you two were to have recovered before Chao unleashed her spell, you would immediately have come to Son Gohan's rescue. Isn't that right?"

Everyone gritted their teeth. Asuna and Setsuna clenched their fists hard as Tullece had figured out their plan. Tullece smirked, letting out a chuckle. "Now that we have everyone present here, it is time for the grand finale! Watch as I finally destroy your hope: Son Gohan!"

"No, you won't!" shouted Setsuna as she had enough. She couldn't bear to watch anymore of Gohan's torturing. She had to do something; otherwise the man that she loved would be gone from her life. Tullece needed to be stopped and what way to do it with her ultimate attack. She took a balanced stance and threw her sword forward. With a yell, she unleashed a powerful blast of energy that shot straight at Tullece with unyielding force and speed. "Shinmei-ryu Secret Technique: KYOKUDAI RAIMEIKEN!" Setsuna roared. There was a sharp bang followed by the running of a powerful torrent of energy.

Tullece smirked as he watched the attack come straight at him. Rearing his head back, the ape suddenly threw it forward again and opened his maw to a gaping extent. In just a split second, a pink, megaton blast of energy shot forth from his mouth, colliding with Setsuna's attack. The two attacks clashed for a few moments before Tullece's attack completely engulfed Setsuna's and went straight towards the swordswoman. Setsuna was shocked that her attack had no effect as she watched Tullece's Chou Makouhou approach her. Luckily, at the last minute, she dodged the attack but not without consequence as she was hurt pretty badly by the blast. Incidentally, she let go of her sword as it fell away from her while Setsuna landed hard to the ground. She was covered up in cuts and bruises; her maid clothes tattered.

"PAH! You'll have to do better than that!" Tullece shouted.

"KANKAHO!" Sensing another ki close by and hearing a twinge of metal, Tullece stepped to the side and swung his tail about, avoiding Asuna jumping at his tail, slicing out with her weapon and a bright aura surrounding her. Asuna, apparently, attempted to cripple Tullece's weaning victory by cutting off his tail, but unfortunately, she missed. "HA! No chance you insects! I'll crush you all!" yelled the evil giant Saiyan, stomping around, Gohan still held in a tight grip.

Asuna cursed her luck as she saw Tullece standing over, ready to crush her. She needed to do something and fast. Before she knew it, both Goten and Trunks appeared in front of her. She was about to scream for them to run away but the two little demi-saiyan's stood side by side as they bent their knees and cupped their hands together in the center. Both of them cried out in unison, "KAME… HAME…HAAA!" Together, the two little demi-saiyan's threw their hands forward, unleashing a powerful Kamehame-Ha wave! The giant ape smirked as he once again opened his mouth and let out another pink, megaton blast of energy. The attack collided with the Kamehame-Ha and stood its ground for a few seconds before the result became the same as with Setsuna's attack.

Tullece's Chou Makouhou attack crashed against the surface in front of Goten, Trunks and Asuna, causing an explosion. The three warriors were knocked further away due to the blast. Goten and Trunks crashed against the nearby cliffs and Asuna skidded across the ground. All of them had injuries and cuts across their bodies. Their clothes tattered. Tullece chuckled. "It seems that you three wish to die first. So be it! I will grant your request!"

However, just as he was readying to finish off Asuna and the two little demi-saiyans, Tullece felt some part of his body being sliced. He knew exactly what it was… his tail! Someone cut off his tail! But who could it be? Asuna looked up momentarily to see that it was Misora cutting Tullece's tail! She had grabbed Setsuna's sword and using the opportunity to sneak up the Saiyan, she cut off his tail.

Misora began her retreat she called upon her artifact. "ADEAT!" Suddenly, a pair of winged sneakers appeared on her feet as she began to quickly run away. "Why did I just do that? Everyone's being so serious," she muttered as she quickly hid behind some trees. Despite hiding though, she had accidentally left Setsuna's sword behind.

Tullece hissed in anger. "Why you little…!" he shouted angrily. "How dare you? I didn't expect there to be another person here!" Tullece knew where Misora was hiding and planned to unleash a devastating attack. However, he couldn't as the Saiyan felt it. He was losing his transformed Oozaru state. Gaping, the giant ape let out a roar of pain and released his hold on Gohan, the demi-saiyan warrior falling from his hands and towards the ground. He landed with a heavy, uncontrolled thud, his limbs falling limp and his state waning near to unconsciousness. Tullece, meanwhile, began to shrink down to size and go back to his original state, albeit that he was still a Super Saiyan.

The evil Saiyan warrior panted before many angry tick marks appeared all over his face. "Curse you all!" Tullece shouted. "I am going to crush you all! You are going to regret humiliating the great Tullece-sama; a super-elite Saiyan warrior who has followed the righteous Saiyan path!"

Misora began to sweat bullets in fear. "Maybe I shouldn't have cut off his tail after all. I want to go home."



* * *



Author's note: Hey everybody! Hope you all enjoyed the chapter, especially the battle against the Oozaru Tullece. It might be similar to that of the Saiyan Saga but the fact the Negima crew is in it makes up for the originality part. Just FYI, Gogeta will not help Gohan and the others in their fight against Tullece. Period! End of story Gogeta has to help the students fight against the robots as explained in the chapter. Hope that's helpful.

READ AND REVIEW! Please review! I know that the review count can go higher! But I digress. Anyways, see ya guys around! Peace!





*Chapter 45*: Everyone, Work a Miracle!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. See Chapter 1 for details.

Author's note: Hey everybody! How is it going? Hope you all enjoyed your week. I have been extremely busy with work and me packing some things for Golden Week as I am going to visit Hong Kong. Can't wait.

I want to give a shout out to Portgas D Trace for being my 500th reviewer. Thank you for your awesome support as well as to everyone else. Keep those reviews coming! I love reading them!

I want to thank Gokai Entertainment for being my beta. He has been a great help to me and to this story. Thank you! And now, let me present to you all Chapter 45 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 45: Defeat the Invincible Tullece! Everyone, Work a miracle!

Tullece panted heavily. His face was in disbelief as he had been shrunk down to his original size after having transformed into his Oozaru form and then having his tail cut off! Although he was still in his Super Saiyan form, his power had decreased significantly. Veins popped everywhere on his face, pissed off that someone had the nerve to actually cut off his tail, the proud proof of his Saiyan heritage. His teeth were clenched hard as he looked around his surroundings.

Everyone, meanwhile, was pretty happy at the moment. They were able to stop Tullece from rampaging Mahora as well as not killing Son Gohan. Tullece had returned to his original size! "I-It's cut… His tail has been cut off!" Asuna exclaimed happily.

"You did it, Misora-san! He's gone back to his original size!" Setsuna said out loud, a happy look on her face. However, that victory face was short-lived as the swordswoman got a good look at Tullece. The evil Saiyan warrior was beyond mad now. His body language showed that he wanted to kill someone right now.

"W-Why, you miserable…!" shouted the evil Super Saiyan, causing everyone except for Gohan, who seemed to be unconscious at the moment, to gape in fear. Their eyes were widened while nervous sweats began to slide down the side of their faces. Even though the Saiyan had gone back to his original size, he was still as dangerous as before. "You want to die so badly, you'd make me mad?" Tullece roared as he glared angrily at everyone. "In that case, as you wish, I'll kill you all, you trash!"

The evil Saiyan glanced around as he began to search for his prey. He then realized something that he saw during the Mahora Budokai. An evil grin appeared on his face as he turned to his head towards his first victim, Kagurazaka Asuna. Setsuna's eyes flung wide open when she noticed that Tullece was looking at the orange-haired girl. "Asuna-san, run!" cried out the swordswoman, but it was too late.

The evil Saiyan got himself in a sprinting position. "I'll start with you!" Tullece shouted as he dashed towards Asuna's position.



* * *



Meanwhile…

Negi and Chao continued staring at each other. A nervous sweat slid down Negi's face, hoping that Chao would reconsider her plans now that he had figured out how to use the Cassiopeia in combat. Clenching his fist, Negi hoped his bluff worked. Chao smirked, which could only mean one thing. "Hahaha!" Chao laughed. "Hakase, begin the final incantation."

"But…" Hakase protested.

"It's all right."

"Chao-san!" Negi exclaimed. "Were you not listening to me? Without your Cassiopeia as an advantage, you can no longer defeat me! Stop this ceremonial magic ritual and…"

"What's the matter, Negi-bozu? Why do you sound so desperate?" A smirk crossed Chao's face. "That's not like you." The red headed teacher's eyes grew wide. "What are you hiding with your desperation? Is there a reason you want this to end quickly?"

Negi began to sweat from the nervousness he felt. "I-I need to get to Gohan-san's side quickly," stuttered the boy teacher. "He needs my help!"

"I'm sure he does," Chao said. "But on the other hand, there are other people there with Gohan-kun. I'm sure you have noticed Tullece's ki drop. Knowing that, there must be another reason why you are so desperate to finish this." Negi gulped. He then felt a hand on his face, and saw that Chao was right behind him looking at the Cassiopeia in his hands. Chao noticed that there were cracks all over Negi's time machine. "I knew it."

Darn it! Negi cursed in his mind before using shundo and landed on the blimp away from Chao.

"Hahahaha!" laughed the Chinese genius. "It seems we still have room for negotiation. You still have a long ways to go Negi-bozu. Your Cassiopeia might yield three more uses, if you're lucky. In the worst case scenario, you'll have one use before its junk."

"All I need is one hit to defeat you," Negi retorted.

"Hold on, Negi-bozu," Chao said. "Before you deliver that final blow, I have a question for you. I believe you're smart enough to understand this. You know what my plan is about. Negi-bozu. Won't you join me? In the long term, this one act of evil will benefit the world." Negi was unresponsive for a few moments as he began to remember the discussion he had with Yue earlier before the battle.



* * *



Meanwhile…

Asuna couldn't move at the moment. Her body was trembling in fear as Tullece suddenly appeared right before her. Although the evil Saiyan was weaker than at the start of his fight with Son Gohan, he could still strike fear into people's hearts. Asuna stepped back a few steps, gaping at the sight. If Gohan had trouble with him, how could she possibly beat him? Suddenly, Asuna felt something, something hard on her body that caused her mouth to open wide in pain. She looked down and saw that Tullece had given her a devastating punch in the gut. She spit out some bile, causing her to go on her knees and cough it out.

Tullece chuckled, easily amused. "If Kakabrat has chosen you to be his mate, then you must be strong, right?" Tullece asked tauntingly. Asuna glared at him momentarily, wondering what the evil Saiyan meant by the word 'mate'. Of course, she had failed to realize that Tullece knew almost everything about her and Gohan, especially their little kiss during the Mahora Budokai. Tullece grinned evilly as he looked down upon the fallen orange-haired girl. "Show me your true power!"

Just as Tullece was about to continue his torture of Asuna, his ear perked up at a familiar sound. He turned his head around to see the swordswoman, Sakurazaki Setsuna, rushing towards him. "Get away from her!" Setsuna cried out as she came rushing in, grabbing the blade that Misora had used to cut off Tullece's tail.

Grabbing the handle of her sword hard, Setsuna began to collect her ki and unleash her attack. "Shinmei-ryu Secret Technique: SHIN RAIKOKEN!" Setsuna's attack flew at great speed and incredible power. Tullece didn't dodge as he took the attack head on! The result was an explosion. Setsuna hoped that the blast would at least stop the evil Saiyan in his path, but that didn't happen. Tullece was still standing and unharmed.

"Heh, maybe there's been a change in the order," Tullece said as he glared at Setsuna. Then without warning, the evil Super Saiyan suddenly appeared before the swordswoman, catching her by surprise. He then elbowed her in the face, a punch to the gut and last, a side swipe of his arm, sending the poor swordswoman skidding across the ground and until she finally crashed against a torn tree. "Now, get up! Amuse me a little more," Tullece taunted.

Suddenly, the evil Super Saiyan warrior felt something. He quickly turned around to see a sword slashing down right at his face. With a quick side step, Tullece avoided the slash. He glared at his attacker which was Asuna. The orange haired girl panted a bit. "Y-You leave her alone!" shouted Asuna as an aura popped around her. "KANKAHO!" Tullece's eyes widened slightly surprised that the girl was able to master such a technique so quickly.

With the Kanka technique surrounding her, Asuna went on the attack. With a yell of rage, Asuna shot herself towards Tullece. It surprised Tullece a bit when he saw Asuna hurl herself straight at him at an incredible rate. Just as he was backing away and raising his hands to defend himself, Asuna came in with a powerful hook slash that she sent across the evil Saiyan's face. Tullece was blind sighted and knocked senseless by the blow, which sent him staggering back; a deep cut on his face.

Asuna followed up that attack with a knee. She rammed the blow straight into Tullece's stomach before bringing herself up with a straight shot kick to his chin. The Saiyan was knocked back. Asuna didn't waste any time in waiting and flung herself at Tullece again, who, at this point, had finally recovered. Sensing blood slid down on his face, the Saiyan clenched his teeth in rage. With a loud roar, Tullece launched himself at Asuna. The evil Super Saiyan warrior reached Asuna and struck out before the orange haired girl could even react. Tullece drove his right fist straight into Asuna's stomach in uppercut like fashion. Tullece then cranked the same arm back he used to hit Asuna, before sending it forward in the form of a punishing power punch into her gut once more.

Asuna fell on down her knees, clenching her stomach and wincing in pain. Tullece grinned maliciously. "Hey, what is this? Is this all you've got?" Tullece questioned before grabbing the girl by the collar. Asuna continued to wince in pain before Tullece decided to give her a devastating head butt. Blood began to drip from her head as the blow was hard. Tullece chuckled. "You may be scum, but at least your blood is still red." The evil Saiyan then took a glance at the demi-saiyan, letting out a grin. "Want me to at least let you die next to your beloved Son Gohan? I can be gracious." Walking over to the side of the small hill, he threw Asuna towards Gohan. "Here!"

Asuna landed on the ground with a thud and incidentally, had landed right next to the demi-saiyan. "A-Asuna-san…" panted Gohan. He had noticed that the poor girl was still wincing in pain from the torture that Tullece had given her.

Tullece's eyes widened a bit when he heard the demi-saiyan speak. "Ho," Tullece sounded a little surprised, hearing Gohan's comment. "Kakabrat, you're a tough one. You're still conscious, are you?" Suddenly, the evil Saiyan felt a presence behind him. Turning around, he saw two little demi-saiyans ready to fight him. Tullece chuckled. "What are you two thinking of doing? You two are surely not thinking of actually fighting against me, are you?"

"Yeah, what if we are?" Trunks responded. "I am sure we can provide more entertainment than that neechan over there." Goten nodded in agreement, although he didn't like the choice of words that Trunks used. Granted, they needed to get Tullece away from Asuna before he killed her.

Tullece clenched his fists as he put them to his side. "Suit yourself," he said, causing the two little demi-saiyan fighters to get into their fighting poses. Suddenly, a gust of wind struck the pair of fighters as Tullece flew straight past them, right in between them. The evil Saiyan emerged behind them, grinning wildly. Then, with an effortless thrust backwards, he sent his elbows into their necks. The blows were tremendous, making them topple forward onto their hands and knees. With that Tullece pivoted on the spot and flew skywards, getting out of their reach. Goten and Trunks glared after him, sweating nervously and obviously bruised. They quickly gave chase to the evil Saiyan warrior, engulfing themselves in a blue blazing aura.

Tullece saw them progress upwards towards him and prepared, bracing himself and focusing. Trunks and Goten were upon him within seconds. As soon as they were level, they lashed out in simultaneous fashion. Immediately, flurries of punches flashed through the sky at Tullece like there was no tomorrow. Tullece dodged and blocked them with ease, grinning as he looked between his two opponents. With their auras still flaring fiercely, the two little demi-saiyan warriors attempted to bring Tullece down for the count, but were unable too as they didn't have the proper technique, speed or strength.

Then, he took it up a notch, disappearing into super speed. Trunks and Goten attempted to follow, shooting through the sky after him. You could still see their auras on the move, even as the word was like a blur around them. They caught up with Tullece soon enough, and were once again raining down on him punches and kicks.

The evil Saiyan easily avoided them, allowing them to tire out. Soon enough, without even trying, Trunks and Goten had begun to feel worn out. Their energy was being reduced to nothing, thanks to using the fusion earlier and as a result, they were now exhausted. All Tullece could have done was float in the same spot and don't even bother moving as Trunks and Goten were so slack. Their attacks zipped through the air, their eyes desperately trying to keep up with Tullece's moves. All they could do was see him…at least they thought so. Their bodies however wouldn't respond well enough to keep up with the evil Saiyan warrior, he was way too fast.

Suddenly, Tullece disappeared, causing Trunks and Goten to accidentally hit each other. While they were wincing in pain, Goten and Trunks stood back to back, searching the skies for their opponent. They couldn't find him fast enough, for Tullece was already on the attack. Blurring into focus in between them, Tullece held his hands out and pressed them into their backs, powering up his next attack. The evil Saiyan chuckled and let out a yell, unleashing his next attacks. The balls of energy that formed expanded, enveloping the pair's backs like balloons ready to pop. Hen, without warning, the two attacks exploded at point blank range, outwards so that the flare didn't rebound.

Luckily, the two little demi-saiyans were able to escape from their destruction just barely. Trunks and Goten staggered forward, glancing around as to find the evil Saiyan as Tullece had disappeared once again. "W-Where is he?" Goten asked, panting due to exhaustion.

"Behind you!" Tullece stated, coming up behind his opponent after reappearing from super speed. Goten shouted and spun around.

Before he could do anything, he got hammered across the face by a swift, powerful punch launched by Tullece. The attack sent him flying back, spitting out blood. "Damn you!" Trunks shouted as he flew forward and engaging Tullece in a furious brawl. The evil Super Saiyan warrior chuckled as he easily ducked, avoided and blocked all of the little demi-saiyan's attacks. He shifted through the air as if Trunks's efforts were nothing. He chuckled, seeing that Trunks was growing steadily more and more angered at his inferior abilities to take down his opponent. The evil Super Saiyan leapt back, ceasing these senseless antics.

"You'll have to do better than that, son of the Princess of Saiyans!" Tullece taunted. Trunks growled and flew forward, fist held back, ready to attack. But just before he could punch out, Tullece phased out and shot through super speed directly for the purple haired demi-saiyan's open space. The evil Super Saiyan struck him straight below his ribcage, his punch hitting on home and breaking some bones.

Trunks coughed and choked, blood spewing from his mouth. Tullece grinned and then sent an upward elbow up into the alien's chin. Then finally, without any hint of mercy or pity, Tullece leapt up and sent a kick across Trunks's face. The little demi-saiyan warrior was sent plummeting from the skies above, where he landed a few meters away from Gohan's position. Tullece grinned, looking back up to see Goten staring down at his partner's body in shock.

"Trunks-kun!" he shouted. He growled and glared at Tullece. With a quick power up, he held both his hands forward and unleashed a blue energy blast that soared straight for Tullece. The evil Super Saiyan warrior laughed out loud and slapped the blast away effortlessly.

"You'll have to do better than that!" he shouted back. Goten yelled in a rage and charged at him, reaching the evil Super Saiyan warrior and beginning to send deadly attacks aimed primarily at his face. He used every means necessary to inflict as much pain as he could on Tullece for hurting his best friend. The evil Super Saiyan warrior however was avoiding all the attacks, moving his head and body whenever he needed too. He avoided all of Goten's attacks as if they were nothing. The fight was beginning to bore him now.

Pulling back, Goten growled and held his hand out towards Tullece's face. Just as he was charging up his attack, Tullece grabbed his hand and twisted it, nearly breaking it. Before Goten could feel that pain shoot through him, the evil Saiyan leapt up and kneed him in the stomach. Goten coughed up saliva and blood, staggered and wounded. Then, Tullece grabbed him by the hair and held him up, holding his free hand up to his scared, and blood leaking face. A blue ki blast appeared to form in his palm, a grin edged on his face. As they floated high above where Gohan, Asuna and Trunks laid, the evil Super Saiyan warrior chuckled at Goten and shook him like a rag doll.

With that smirk in place, Tullece shook his head. "Tsk, tsk, tsk. Such a waste," Tullece said. He then shrugged. "Oh who am I kidding? This was just a waste of my time! So long, Kakabrat's little brother!" Then without warning, he sent a devastating blast at the demi-saiyan's body, sending the poor boy down flying towards the ground. He landed hard, creating a dust cloud and a crater. And incidentally as if Tullece wished for it, the little demi-saiyan warrior landed right next to his elder brother.

Gohan moved his head towards Goten, wincing in pain. "Goten…" Gohan called out to his little brother. Tullece gritted his teeth, still in disbelief that Gohan had survived after all the torturing he gave while Goten winced in pain. Gohan continued to speak as he said, "Goten, I'm all busted up on the inside. I can't move. Y-You have to fight in my place… His power has been reduced significantly so you should be able to keep up with him…"

"I-I can't, Nii-chan," Goten responded, wincing in pain and coughing out some bile. "H-He's too strong. I can't beat him."

Tullece chuckled as he floated down from the sky and landed nearby softly. An evil grin was still visible on the Saiyan's face. "All right, this is the order I'll go in: First, I'll kill Kakabrat. Next, Kakabrat's lover and little brother," he said. "After them, I'll finish off the son of the Princess of Saiyans as well as the swordswoman from earlier. And lastly, the one that cut off my precious tail!"

"H-He remembered about me!" Misora exclaimed as she began to look around for her escape. However, it would prove futile as Tullece would destroy the entire area looking for her. It was best to stay here and see if Asuna and the others could pull off a miracle out of their asses. It seemed impossible right now! How could they fight against that? Tullece seemed to be unbeatable!

"Y-You don't have to beat him, Goten," Gohan panted. "Just keep him at bay…"

"But I…"

"I'll help, Goten-chan…" spoke up Asuna. Goten turned his head to see Asuna crawling towards the little demi-saiyan. "I can help you. Let's beat that guy together!"

"Asuna-neechan…" Goten trailed. However, the little demi-saiyan knew that even with her help, they would still be no match for Tullece. It was hopeless. It was better for them to give up.

Gohan momentarily glanced at Goten, specifically at his eyes. The demi-saiyan immediately recognized what Goten was thinking. "Goten, you may not know this but your power should be much better than this… much better," Gohan said, trying to give words of encouragement to his little brother. Gohan had a plan and he needed Goten to distract Tullece for a moment in order to carry it out. "And then, I'll have Setsuna-san finish him off…"

"I can't do it," Goten winced in pain. "I can't move anymore, either."

"G-Goten!" Trunks shouted as he crawled towards where Gohan and Asuna were. His body was in shambles. He needed to say something as this situation was the same for him when Tapion asked him a favor. "I-If your Onii-chan says you can do it, then you can do it! When has Gohan-san ever been wrong? You can do it, Goten! A-After all, what would your Father say to you… if he… saw you… like… this…?" Trunks couldn't stay awake anymore as the pain had finally overtaken him. His head landed on the ground with a thud as the son of Vegeta had passed out.

Goten's eyes flung wide open, both at what Trunks said and him passing out. "Otou-san…" trailed the little demi-saiyan as he began to think on his father. He had learned a lot from his father in the past year that he was revived during the battle against Majin Boo, especially on the merits of fighting. Then the little demi-saiyan began to think on what his father would do in his situation. Son Goku wouldn't give up! Not to an evil man like Tullece, who threatened the peace of the Earth! He needed to be stopped! Trunks-kun is right, Goten said to himself. If Otou-san was here, he would do anything to stop Tullece! He wouldn't give up so easily! And if Nii-chan is asking for help, then I have to help him, no matter what!

Gohan let out a small smile when he noticed that Goten's eyes changed from fearful to determined ones. "I'm counting on you, Goten," panted Gohan. Then suddenly, without warning, Tullece came crashing in and landed a double kick into Gohan's stomach. The demi-saiyan screamed out in extreme pain, trying to clench his stomach but couldn't. His body was a complete mess right now. Every muscle and bone in his body was already broken and he couldn't move a muscle to even protect himself!

The evil Saiyan stared at the demi-saiyan with a tick on his forehead. "Give me trouble, will you?" Tullece said as he began to kick Gohan's side. "You're nothing but the son of outcast scum who has fallen so far from the righteous Saiyan path! You don't deserve to live!" With every kick that Tullece gave, Gohan cried out in pain. It was torture for him!

Goten was witnessing the whole thing. His brother was getting beaten badly by Tullece. He needed to do something. "S-Stop… that…" he muttered, hoping that Tullece would hear him. The evil Saiyan didn't hear a thing as he continued to torture poor Son Gohan. "Stop that!" shouted Goten as he stood up.

"What?" Tullece's eyes widened a bit, a little surprised that Goten was still able to get up after what he dealt to the little demi-saiyan before.

Goten glared angrily at the evil Saiyan. The pebbles around him began to spring up as his ki started to rise. "I'm going to… defeat you!" declared the little demi-saiyan warrior.

Tullece chuckled, brushing aside the killing intent that Goten was trying to send to the evil Super Saiyan warrior. "Hmph, you are going to defeat me?"

"He is not alone!" shouted Asuna as she stood next to Goten. "We both are going to take you down!"

"Oh really?" Tullece taunted. "You couldn't harm me even if you tried."

"We'll see about that!" shouted Goten as he roared a war cry, calling upon his Saiyan powers. The ground around him began to crack under pressure as Goten began to transform. His jet black hair began to stick up towards the sky as suddenly, a golden light appeared around him. His hair color had changed into a gold color, showing its prominent features. His eyes had changed from an onyx color to a jade color. A golden blazing aura surrounded him.

Tullece was a bit shocked. Goten had transformed into a Super Saiyan! But that shouldn't be possible! Tullece said to himself. He couldn't have recovered so quickly from using the fusion. Goten stared sternly at his opponent as Asuna did the same. Then it happened. With a bellowing roar, Goten flew straight at Tullece, aura flaring wildly. "What?" Faster than the evil Super Saiyan warrior counted, he was slammed straight across the face by a powerful jab, making him reel back in shock and from the pain he felt of the blow. After which, Goten dropped low and rammed several uppercuts into his stomach before, bringing his right leg back and slamming a powerful blow under Tullece's chin.

Tullece was thrown skyward, hurling out of control. The little demi-saiyan gave chase, powering up and shooting after him, leaving a crater and a dust cloud behind him. Managing to stop his flight several moments later, Tullece readied himself and brought his right hand forward; a powerful, golden sparkling energy ball appeared, illuminating him and his opponent in his sights. Goten continuing flying straight at him full speed. With a yell, Tullece unleashed his attack. The energy ball shot straight for Goten. Goten was ready for it. Bringing his right hand up, he back slapped it out of the way, still flying forward. Then, with a clear sky to strike, he super speeded the rest of the way up to his opponent and appeared behind him. Tullece gasped in shock when he saw Goten suddenly appear behind him. Flipping backwards, Gohan kicked Tullece straight in the back, sending him plummeting towards the earth like a meteor.

Tullece dropped, and when he did, it was fast. Within seconds, he crashed, landing on his hands and knees and forming a crater beneath him. The entire area shook from the very force of impact, and when it finally stopped shaking; Tullece was looking up with a bit of blood leaking from the corner of his mouth. New bruises have been inflicted on him, and showed that his old battle scars haven't been healed completely as they have been reopened, blood flowing out bit by bit. Tullece looked up at the little demi-saiyan, glaring at him angrily. "Why, you!" Tullece dashed into the air and towards Goten, ready to continue their battle.

Seeing that Goten was taking care of Tullece at the moment, Gohan knew it was time to call upon the services of a particular person. "Setsuna-san!" shouted the demi-saiyan warrior. "Setsuna-san, please, come here!"

"Coming Gohan-sensei!" responded the swordswoman, wondering why Gohan was calling for her to come to him rather than help his little brother. As she walked over to where Gohan was at, wincing a bit in pain, she glanced at the battle. For a moment, it seemed that Goten was giving Tullece a run for his money. But that all changed quickly as Tullece came in for the attack. Goten was prepared as he took his defensive stance.

Just then, faster than he could even see Goten received a powerful upper cut into his stomach, this one making him reel over and stop his attack instantaneously. His aura dissipated at this, with Tullece grabbing the child's hair and lifting him up. Pulling back his free, right fist, he began sending punches into the child, one after another across the face and in the stomach. Goten was ruthlessly pounded, blood flying from his mouth whenever he was struck with a really punishing blow. After about 30 torture blows, Tullece released Goten, having tossed him in the air a bit and watched him fall. Then, pulling back his right fist, he sent a hook, turning into a punch, straight into the child's stomach. It was like setting up a baseball swing. The blow was tremendous, sending Goten flying into the distance.

Tullece let out a grin as he landed on the ground. Then, his ears perked up as he heard the twinge of metal coming behind him. The evil Saiyan dodged the blade as he fully turned around to see Asuna before him, holding onto her sword. Tullece gritted his teeth angrily. "You little miserable…!" Tullece was about to attack, but Asuna beat him to the punch as she went on the offensive.

Tullece let out a yell as he side-stepped another downward sword strike from Asuna, making him shift back through the air to avoid the next attacks. The orange haired girl followed, continuously attacking and not letting Tullece get the chance to attack back. She swung her sword at Tullece. The blade flashed passed Tullece who was floating back fast, ducking and side shifting away from the swift strikes as best he could. With Asuna's enhanced strength and speed due to her Kanka technique, she was able to keep the evil Super Saiyan on the ropes for now at least. However, Tullece wasn't going to throw in the towel so easily. "Don't you mess around with Tullece-sama!" roared the evil Super Saiyan warrior angrily.

Asuna readied her blade. However, suddenly, Asuna was knocked out by a devastating side punch from Tullece. Asuna was sent flying, leaving her wide open. Tullece grinned as he teleported above the orange haired girl and sent her a kick that sent poor Asuna plummeting to the ground. Tullece quickly descended before Asuna could reach the ground as he laid out his knee to Asuna's gut. Asuna spat out some blood as Tullece combined his two hands together and gave the orange haired girl a double axe-handle punch to her back, causing Asuna to crash into the ground hard. Tullece grinned as he was about to give Asuna his usual attack, but before he could do anything, Goten came flying in and landed a devastating punch on the evil Saiyan's face. Tullece was knocked far as Goten landed on the ground in front of Asuna. "Leave Asuna-neechan alone!" shouted Goten as he rushed towards Tullece.

Setsuna looked at the battle with worry. "Gohan-sensei, this is impossible. He's just too strong," Setsuna commented as she finally reached where Gohan was at. The two of them were witnessing the battle before them. Setsuna was clenching her fist hard, angry that she wasn't out there helping Goten and Asuna. She looked at her assistant teacher with curiosity. "Why didn't you tell Asuna-san and your little brother to run away?" she asked. "We need to ask Goku-san and the others for help. We can't beat him."

Gohan ignored the swordswoman's comment as he looked at her intently. "S-Setsuna-san, I'm going to give you this, before it's too late," panted Gohan as he tried to muster all of his strength to continue speaking. He was very close to passing out at the moment. He clenched his fist as he mustered all the energy that he had stored within. He needed to give it to someone, someone like Setsuna. "The Genki Dama I've collected from the whole Earth…"

"W-What did you say?" Setsuna asked, unsure on what the demi-saiyan just told her. "What are you giving me?"

"A Genki Dama. Ki that I've gathered from all over the earth plus with magic power within it," Gohan explained. "Some of it has gotten away, but the way he is now, I still think it's enough to defeat him…"

"W-What?" Setsuna's eyes widen at Gohan's revelation. Why didn't he say it before or for that matter, why didn't he use it? Then it hit her. Gohan had already tried to do it but wasn't able to unleash the attack because of Tullece. Now she understood why Gohan had asked Goten and Asuna to hold off Tullece. But why ask her? Why not Trunks or Goten to do this attack? She wondered.

Gohan winced in pain as he continued to speak. "S-Setsuna-san, grab your sword and let me hold on to it…"

"I-I don't understand any of this," responded the swordswoman as she went over to grab her sword, the same one that Misora used to cut Tullece's tail off.

"Hurry!" Gohan yelled, wincing in pain as he yelled. "Goten and Asuna-san are going to die if we don't hurry up!"

Goten rushed in towards Tullece, trying to grab the evil Saiyan off guard thanks in part to his earlier attack. However, Tullece was already recovered as he landed a hit to the approaching little demi-saiyan warrior. The blow caused a small shock wave, sending Goten flying forward with a yell of pain. He skidded along the ground, the momentum he had gained from the force of the blow creating a deep entrenchment. But after several yards, Goten stopped, managing to leap back to his feet and spin around to defend himself.

Tullece was right in front of him, ready to attack. In response, Gohan punched out, meeting Tullece's elbow. Following up the connection that formed a shock wave, the two of them locked in a flurry of punches, kicks and defensive techniques. Parries blocked blows, but it was obvious the two of them had their fair share of connecting blows. Goten went forward with a punch, when suddenly Tullece disappeared, leaving himself an afterimage.

Goten was caught by surprise as he attempted to track his opponent. Unfortunately, he wasn't fast enough. Suddenly, Tullece appeared above him at speeds far greater than his own. Goten looked up, still flying, just in time to see the evil Super Saiyan warrior pull back his left leg and send it at him in the form of a roundhouse kick. Goten was hit straight in the ribs, the blow tremendous and causing a sonic explosion to occur. He felt his organs were ruptured as he was sent flying. When he was sent away with that blow, Tullece followed on, catching up with Goten easily.

Coming up above him, he pulled both his fists up, lacing his fingers before sending it straight down in a powerful hammer strike. He struck Goten, hard, sending him plummeting into the ground below. The little demi-saiyan warrior disappeared in a shower of dust and debris, as if a land mine had just gone off. Tullece grinned as he landed on the ground as the dust cloud settled in. However, Tullece knew he couldn't be relaxed as he felt another presence coming right behind him again. Approaching him was Asuna!

The evil Super Saiyan turned around just at the right time to land a knee to Asuna's gut, causing her to spit some bile. Tullece chuckled. "Why bother fighting me? You know you can't win," said the evil Saiyan.

Asuna clenched her stomach as she glared at Tullece. "I-It doesn't matter," she said. "I know I won't win but I am going to do all what I can to help Goten-chan in stopping you!" With a warrior's cry, she launched forward. As soon as she reached Tullece, Asuna lashed out at him with an up-sideward strike, forcing Tullece to side step it. He then struck out sideways, with the evil Super Saiyan warrior ducking that and moving to the orange-haired girl's left. Picking up the pace, Asuna continued lashing out at the evil Saiyan, only missing as he slowly backed away. Then, with a final stab move, Asuna sent Tullece leaping back. Tullece took his usual standing stance, watching his opponent catch her breath. Asuna gritted her teeth, annoyed that she wasn't able to land a hit on him since that slash on his cheek. "D-Damn you!" she shouted as she went on the attack again.

Meanwhile, Setsuna walked over to Gohan, her sword in her hand. "Y-You just want me to lend you my sword so you can hold on to it?" Setsuna asked, unsure what Gohan was trying to get at. Maybe the demi-saiyan warrior had finally lost it? The swordswoman shook her head, getting rid of those thoughts. If Gohan had something planned, then it was her duty to help him carry it out. After all, she had promised herself during their match at the Mahora Budokai that she would support him wherever he went. "Like this?" she asked as she put the blunt part of her blade on Gohan's hand. However, at the slight touch of her sword, Gohan cried out in pain as it had touched his arm. "Your arm is broken, isn't it?" she asked in worry.

Gohan ignored Setsuna's worries as he grabbed the blade tightly. "Just like that. Don't let go," Gohan said. "I'm giving it to you… Take it…"

Suddenly, Gohan's arm was enveloped in a bright aura. Setsuna's eyes widened by the second as the energy in his arm began to increase at an incredible rate! It was unbelievable! "W-W-What is this?" The swordswoman questioned as suddenly the energy that was in Gohan's arm began to transfer into the blade and towards her arm. Setsuna was gaping at the sheer power that was being transferred. "I-I-It's incredible! It's an incredible amount of ki!"

"T-Take it, and focus it into your blade," Gohan explained as he watched Setsuna trying to control the massive of ki that he had given her. "A ball will first appear and then it will infuse into your blade…" Setsuna nodded as she decided to give it a go. She clenched onto her blade, focusing on the ki that Gohan had just given her. It was giving her difficulty because of the massive amount of energy, but Setsuna wasn't going to give up.

Meanwhile, Asuna came rushing in to attack Tullece only to have the evil Saiyan raise his arms and block her attacks. Suddenly, he phased out of sight making one of Asuna's slashes pass though only after-image. Tullece took advantage of the orange haired girl being temporally off balance and appeared behind him planting his foot right in the back of Asuna's head sending the girl stumbling forward. Gohan appeared right in front of her and drove his knee up into her chin with incredible force sending her flying back into another cliff.

Hitting the side of the cliff, Asuna bounced back, leaving her wide open for an attack. Tullece, taking advantage of that, appeared behind her and brought his foot around into the orange haired girl's face. He then drove his knee up into Asuna's stomach hard and then brought both fists down on her head. Asuna went flying into the ground hard. She got to her feet panting slightly. Once she did however, she had to put her guard up when Tullece came from the side with a roundhouse kick. Asuna blocked it successfully using her sword and pushed off Tullece, ready to counterattack.

The evil Saiyan, however, was ready. Asuna then received a fist right in the face which sent her staggering backwards. The evil Super Saiyan quickly followed, throwing his fists and kicks at her. Asuna was unable to dodge the attacks as she took them at full force. "Say good-bye!" Tullece was about to give the finishing blow when he was stopped by a large ki beam that hit him on the side.

Tullece was able to move away at the last minute before he could take any more damage. Tullece gritted his teeth as he saw Goten floating before him at a far distance. "You filthy brat!" He decided to take action and charged full speed at Goten, nailing him hard in the chin. The poor little demi-saiyan was sent skywards with Tullece on hot pursuit.

Meanwhile, Setsuna continued to struggle on focusing the Genki Dama that Gohan had given her. "Hang in there," cheered on the demi-saiyan warrior. "Asuna-san, Goten and Trunks aren't able to control this kind of ki. That's why I asked you, Setsuna-san…"

Setsuna's eyes widened a bit when she heard that. That was why he asked her to do it! This gave her motivation due to the trust that Gohan was placing upon her. After a few moments, something happened. A ball appeared right in front of Setsuna and on top of her blade! "T-There it is!" exclaimed the swordswoman. "This is a…"

…Genki Dama," Gohan finished Setsuna's sentence. The ball was a massive sphere, larger than Setsuna or anyone else. It was expelling colorful bands of radiation of Northern Lights like aurora, surrounded by a blue light. "Now focus it into your blade and infuse it with your own ki," Gohan said. Setsuna nodded as she began to focus all of that energy into her blade. She now knew what Gohan was thinking as she was going to use her blade as a medium to unleash the Genki Dama.

As she continued to focus, the Genki Dama was absorbed into her blade. The blade shone brightly, with the colors of radiation that the sphere had emitted earlier. Gohan smiled as he noticed that the swordswoman was able to fuse the Genki Dama into her blade. "Setsuna-san… hit him with it…" panted Gohan. "I can't make another Genki Dama… Y-You've got to make sure you hit him… Please…"

"A-All right," Setsuna said, nodding her head. "I'll try." With that, the swordswoman went to higher ground, climbing on top of the mountains of rubble that was produced because of the fight. Once, she got in a good position, Setsuna prepared herself to unleash her attack. However, she needed to find Tullece, who currently was fighting Goten.

Tullece charged up and glowed in a blazing golden aura. The evil Super Saiyan hurled towards Goten who was darting to him as well. When they met, they were locked again in a fierce battle. Tullece gave a punch yet Goten disappeared suddenly. He reappeared and gave him a kick, but to only find his opponent right behind him.

Goten gathered energy and fired multiples of blasts from every direction, trying to hit Tullece yet he had anticipated all the attacks without breaking a sweat. In the end, Goten collected enough energy and fired his father's signature attack, "KAMEHAME-HAAA!"

The Kamehame-Ha struck Tullece, yet the evil Saiyan had deflected the technique very easily, sending it flying in the skies and giving off little bulbs of energy falling. "How strong is he!" Goten questioned as he panted heavily. "He should have been fairly worn out from fighting Onii-chan."

Tullece, meanwhile, glared at the little demi-saiyan warrior. He is quite the annoyance, but he seems to be just about at his limit, Tullece said to himself. He took a side glance at Asuna who was, at the moment, was crawling from the crater. And so is Kakabrat's lover. It's time to finish them off!

Goten shot at Tullece in a flash, delivering a punch directly to the evil Saiyan's face, only to have Tullece block accordingly. Goten drew back his fist for a second punch, but faster than he could follow, Tullece had launched one of his own, burying his fist directly in Goten's stomach. Goten backed away, spit and blood dripping from his mouth, clutching his stomach in pain, his eyes nearly popping out of his head. Goten raised his fist yet again, but Tullece shot forward and delivered an uppercut directly to the boy's chin. Goten went backwards, collapsing to his knees.

Tullece chuckled evilly as he stood in front of the little demi-saiyan warrior. He raised his arm up, collecting a ki ball in his hand, ready to finish Goten off. However, before he could deliver the final blow, Tullece felt a sharp pain in his back. He turned around to see that Asuna had launched an attack on him, leaving a giant gash right across the evil Super Saiyan's armor.

Tullece gritted his teeth as he regained his composure and blocked Asuna's incoming slash. The evil Super Saiyan continued to block the blows from the orange haired girl, waiting for an opportunity to attack. A split second later he saw it. As Asuna's sword once again came at his face, Tullece leaned to the left, having the sword miss his face by bare millimeters. At the same time, Tullece brought his own fist into Asuna's stomach hard. Tullece wasted no time and began to pummel Asuna with blow after blow, sending her skywards as he grinned manically. Tullece fazed out of sight and brought both fists down on Asuna's back sending her flying into the ground and a new crater was formed.

Cranking his fist back, Tullece charged up his attack. A fuchsia ki sphere appeared his hand, which became a ki blast as he launched it towards the orange haired girl's position. Asuna looked up just in time to see the fuchsia energy heading towards her and raised her sword to block as the beam hit. She tried to push the beam back but it was no use. All she could do was to brace for the impact as the attack exploded right in front of her.

Tullece watched as his attack exploded in the crater. He knew when the smoke cleared that Asuna would still be there. He hadn't put his full power into that attack after all. It wasn't meant to kill but simply to cause damage so, he'd been holding back slightly. He wanted to see the despair on Gohan's face as he killed Asuna right in front of him. As the dust cloud dissipated, Tullece saw the figure of Asuna on the ground, twitching and wincing in pain. She was still alive; perfect for the evil Saiyan to torture. However, a fist came close to Tullece's face as he saw that it was Goten.

Tullece flipped over in midair, dodging the hits that Goten had just tried to land. In seconds, Tullece blasted at Goten and sent a fist through his defenses catching the red haired boy in the chest knocking the wind out of him and breaking a few ribs. Goten was able to make quick recovery but Tullece wasn't going to allow the little demi-saiyan to attack. He went forward and attacked Goten. Tullece didn't let up for a second and began to hit Goten with everything he had connecting with blow after blow. Goten didn't let up either as he hit at Tullece with everything that he had.

Meanwhile, Setsuna was having difficulty in launching the Genki Dama. Tullece was moving too fast for her! "Damn… With him moving around like that, I don't have the skill it takes to hit him," stated Setsuna as she watched Tullece and Goten clash at an incredible rate. She wanted to get a clear shot of the evil Saiyan but with Goten so close to him, she didn't want to accidentally hit Gohan's little brother. She let out a small curse at this predicament.

Suddenly, Setsuna felt something in the air; a strange presence to be exact. "You don't aim the Genki Dama using your eyes," spoke a voice inside the swordswoman's head. The voice carried ages of wisdom in its tone. "You feel out the evil of his ki, and then launch it."

Setsuna's eyes widened. "W-Who's there?" she shouted, glancing around to see who was speaking to her. However, she couldn't see anyone. Could it be that she finally lost it?

The voice continued to speak. "I am Kaio, the one who taught Son Goku, who in turned taught Son Gohan, how to use the Genki Dama."

Setsuna's eyes flung wide open, gaping at the mere mention of the name of the voice. "K-Kaio-sama…?" She remembered that Gohan had mentioned that the Kaio-ken technique was a technique developed by a Kaio. However, Gohan didn't say much more but through guessing from the name, Kaio literally meant a Lord of Worlds. With that kind of name, that person must be very important.

"Everything will be determined by your one shot," continued to speak the Kaio. "Know that the hopes of all the Earth are placed in that Genki Dama."

"T-The hopes of all the Earth are placed in here?" Setsuna repeated. She didn't realize that this technique carried so much weight. Of course it added more pressure to her as she had to make sure that she hit Tullece. After all, Gohan wouldn't be able to make another one. This attack was the last hope for them in order to defeat the evil Saiyan warrior as well as determining the fate of the planet. She glanced at her blade, shining ever so brightly. Clenching the hilt of her sword tightly, Setsuna had no choice but to trust in the Kaio's judgment. She closed her eyes and began to focus on her senses.

Goten staggered backwards after being hit by Tullece in the face. The evil Saiyan grinned as he spoke. "No matter how many of you scum team up, you're still no match for elite like me." Goten clenched his fists. With a burst of energy, Goten hurled himself at Tullece in a charge, moving into attack. The evil Super Saiyan floated up slightly, ready to meet his opponent's blunt assault.

Goten struck out with a left knee, with Tullece meeting it with a right elbow. Goten then threw a right straight punch after pulling his knee back, only for Tullece to spin around and crack the side of his left fist against it, stopping Goten's attacks. Tullece's parrying was swift and brief, and when he blocked that last attack, he then sent a powerful, right hook across the boy's chest. The little demi-saiyan was sent soaring skywards, with Tullece in hot pursuit. "Once you realized that, it was already too late!"

Tullece appeared above Goten as he flew on, the little demi-saiyan warrior caught completely off guard at the sudden speed that Tullece had displayed. Reacting quickly, he threw a left punch straight for the evil Saiyan, only for Tullece to phase out and reappear behind him, directly in his path. Pulling his left leg back far, Tullece sent it up into Goten, knocking him skywards. Goten let out a yell of pain as he spun and twirled, stopping many stories above the earth. Turning around, he prepared for another attack. The evil Saiyan was quickly upon him, appearing out of thin air in front of Goten and sending a straight punch into his stomach. Goten was struck full on by the blow and sent upwards a bit. He put his hands over the new wound, only to receive a quick, strike kick in the face, sending him flying back to the ground. Luckily though, Goten was able to make a quick recovery as he flipped in mid-air and glared at the evil Saiyan.

"Feel out the evil of his ki, then launch," Setsuna said, repeating what the Kaio just told her as she concentrated on her senses. "I get it."

"You will only get one chance with this," Kaio said.

Meanwhile, Tullece followed, shooting through the air and reaching his target within seconds. "I'm through playing around," he said. When he reached Goten, he forward flipped, sending his right heel into Goten's back in a spin kick. The blow struck the little demi-saiyan in the stomach, sending him plummeting again. When Goten hit the ground, the impact wasn't as great. He just formed a small crater that shook the ground and sent dust hurling into the air. Landing top part first, he engraved a slight outline of his body, cracks extending out from it. As soon as the dust settled it appeared he was unconscious. But the slight tremor in his limbs indicated he was still in this game.

Tullece landed, back turned to where the little demi-saiyan had landed. He glared ahead of him, chuckling at how easy this fight was turning out. Just then, Goten began pushing himself onto his knees. Holding his position there, he chocked and coughed before eventually staggering to his feet. He felt like he was hit by a train, his vision slightly blurred but recovering when his strength returned. Shaking his head and wobbling a bit, he took a stance as he took a side glance to see if Asuna was all right. And sure enough she was, but at the state that she was in right now, she wouldn't be able to last very long. Gritting his teeth, Goten glared at Tullece's back, seeing him turn a bit and glance behind him.

Goten trembled on the spot as he realized that he was incapable of taking on the evil Saiyan. Why did his brother ask him to fight in a losing battle? After a moment of standing there, he took a step forward, only to see Tullece turn side on to him and raise his right arm up towards him. His index finger extended and then, there was a purple glow. "Can you get away from this?" Tullece shouted as he launched his attack. Like bullets being fired from a pistol, purple, small ki balls began shooting straight at Goten from Tullece's finger. They shot out faster than machine gun rounds, catching Goten's attention. The little demi-saiyan warrior leapt into the air, avoiding the first barrage that struck the ground beneath him and past the empty air space he once was, striking some distant hills. The crater beneath him lit up with a series of small explosions, before erupting upwards which Goten off guard as he continued to avoid the blasts.

F-Feel it! Setsuna said to herself as she began to focus on her senses, rather than look with her eyes as the Kaio had asked her to do. Feel the evil of his ki!

Setsuna is about to do something right? Misora thought as she watched the battle from a far, but not too far. She didn't want to piss Tullece anymore than she already had. Plus, she didn't want to get herself killed like Asuna and Goten have been trying to do. That's a huge amount of energy that she is holding. Well, if you are going to do it, do it already!

Goten continued to dodge the explosions until one of Tullece's attacks landed too closely to the little demi-saiyan's position. As a result, Goten was sent flying and crashed against a cliff. Tullece grinned, knowing this was the perfect opportunity to finish Goten off before he could do anything else. "Watch this closely, Son Gohan!" yelled Tullece as he sprinted towards Goten's body. "This is the end of your foolish little brother!"

Setsuna continued to focus her senses, until finally it hit her! She felt the evil ki of Tullece! "I've got it!" exclaimed Setsuna, preparing herself to launch the attack. Luckily, Tullece won't know that the attack was coming. Well, until someone had to do something stupid…

"What are you doing!" shouted Misora, her voice booming across the area. "Hurry up and throw that thing!"

However, accidentally, the nun-in-training's shouting caught Tullece's attention. "What!"The evil Saiyan slowed a bit as he turned his head to see what all the commotion was about. The evil Saiyan's eyes flung wide open when he saw Setsuna's blade. "I-It can't be!" He immediately recognized the energy in her blade as the same attack that Goku used on him those many years ago: The Genki Dama!

Setsuna let out a small curse as Tullece had found out about their surprise attack. She needed to take this chance! Reading her blade, she launched it forward in a strike. The Genki Dama was no longer a ball but an energy slash that coursed through the sky. "Hit him!" Setsuna shouted. Tullece could only stare at the attack approaching him. However, he wasn't going to allow himself to be hit by it again. Once the Genki Dama was close enough, the evil Saiyan jumped it! "It missed!" Setsuna cried out. Their hopes gone!

At that moment, Goten started to get up, only to see the Genki Dama coming towards him. It was going to hit him! Goten stared in shock. He was going to be killed! "Bounce it back, Goten!" shouted a voice inside his head. Goten's eyes widened in curiosity as he recognized it to be Gohan's voice! But how? He wondered. However, now was not the time to be wondering as the attack kept on coming towards him! "Goten, that thing is friendly fire!" Gohan's voice said. "If you don't have any evil in you, you should be able to repel it!"

Goten nodded as he put his arm forward, trusting his elder brother's judgment. Setsuna, Misora and Asuna, who had been able to get up on her two feet, gulped and prayed to whatever deity that the Genki Dama wouldn't destroy Goten. The Genki Dama was upon the little demi-saiyan as it clashed with Goten's arms, pushing the little demi-saiyan back a few steps as the brunt of the attack began to congregate into one spot, going back to its original state. A few moments later, Goten pushed the Genki Dama off from him and back towards a specific person… Tullece, the evil Saiyan!

Tullece could only look on with horror on his face as the Genki Dama was coming upon him! He was about to let out a loud curse before he was struck by the Genki Dama! His body was completely enveloped in a bright column of light as his body was being stretched and damaged in unimaginable ways! Tullece screamed out in pain as he was sent skywards. Once his body was out of sight, the sky shone with a bright light as the attack exploded up in the air! Tullece was finally defeated!

Setsuna panted as a bright smile appeared on her face. "Yahoo! Yatta!" she screamed out in happiness as she came rushing down from her position and towards Gohan.

Asuna let out a smile too. Although she didn't know what that attack was but she sure knew that it was meant for Tullece. Seeing the attack explode in sky could mean that Tullece was finally defeated! They had done it! Seeing Setsuna rushing over towards the demi-saiyan, Asuna followed suit as she screamed out in happiness as well. "We did it, Gohan!" Goten let out a small chuckle as he also rushed over to where his brother and his best friend were at. All of them came at the same time with Asuna and Goten hugging each other as they chanted victory. Gohan smiled, glad that everything was finally over. Now it was Negi's turn to finish his job.



* * *



Back at Negi's position…

As Negi was thinking about Yue said to him earlier, he glanced momentarily to the side, noticing a column of light appearing at the Mahora forest. The light then shot straight up into the sky, expanding and scattering across the sky. He wondered what that was until he didn't feel Tullece's ki anymore. Gohan was able to defeat him! Negi smiled but at a cost. Chao decided to take Negi being lost in thought as a gift. She manipulated time so she reappeared behind him with the bullet in her hands poised to strike. "Got ya!" She did get him, as the orb appeared over Negi. She smirked as she heard the cracking of glass, knowing that his time machine broke. What she wasn't expecting was a powerful force hitting her from behind. She felt electricity leave her suit as Negi slammed his elbow into the time machine on her back. Her eyes widened when she figured it out. It wasn't Negi's time machine that cracked, it was hers. "Tch," she grunted.

"Chao-san," spoke up the boy teacher as the watch in his hand exploded, "I don't disagree with your core mission. However, I can't join you, either!"

The Chinese girl smirked. "I was expecting you to say that." Hakase, meanwhile, was in shock. He defeated Chao-san's Cassiopeia! She said to herself. Negi-sensei is a genius! As the two warriors stared at each other, a helicopter with TV cameras appeared above their position as they began to film the final battle between Negi and Chao.

Down below on the ground level, everyone watched the final battle between Chao and Negi with anticipation. They had watched for a few moments the other battle that was going with Tullece vs. Asuna, Setsuna, Goten and Trunks. However, Tullece had taken out the camera before being hit by the Genki Dama launched by Setsuna. As the crowd cheered for Negi's approaching victory, Yue and Chamo stood in front of the huge screen. "I think we've finally won!" Chamo exclaimed happily. "I'm pretty sure that the others finished Tullece off and Aniki has managed to take out Chao's only advantage." The ermine then glanced at Yue who a serious expression on her face. "What's the matter Yuecchi?"

Yue let out a sigh. "To be honest, I'm feeling conflicted," she said. "I think the fight can still go either way. I believe Negi-sensei also thought this through as well."

"Hey, now! Don't tell me Aniki's habit of worrying has rubbed off on you?" Chamo questioned. "Even with honor and logic on Chao's side, no good can come from the world descending into chaos. I can understand your desire to join her cause, but it's not the right thing to do. We don't have any choice but to stay the course. We can't dawdle. Justice can be fickle like that. Right?"

"Either way," Yue responded, "this situation goes far beyond what we children can cope with."

"Heh!" The ermine smirked. "And Aniki got a bum deal on this, didn't he?" Yue nodded in agreement as the two of them continued to watch on the monitor with trepidation on the battle that was being displayed.

Up in the sky, the battle began to favor Negi as he kept dodging Chao's attacks. "It's useless!" Negi shouted. Three orbs of lightning magic materialized around his right hand. Using the same move he defeated Takamichi with during the Budokai, he drove his fist into the apparatus on the back of Chao's back. "RAIKA-HOUKEN!" This shot Chao across the blimp and all the way to the tail of the ship. "Chao-san, please stop! The match is already over!" Negi shouted as he stood upon his floating staff. Somehow Chao was able to keep afloat in the air too as she stared him down.

"No. I don't think so, Negi-bozu," Chao stated. "It is not over yet!" Four robotic supporters floated behind her and shot towards Negi, firing beams of energy at the boy. He easily dispatched of them with powerful punches and kicks, breaking them into tiny little pieces. Looking for his opponent after that, Negi found Chao with over a hundred bullets aimed at him. After an instant, the boy was pelted with it. The sky was covered by black orbs. Chao was panting looking around to see if her teacher was still there.

"Those bullets are dangerous, I'll give you that, but you can't hit me with that anymore!" Negi exclaimed as he appeared from behind the smoke left behind by the attacks. "Now that you've lost your advantage of having Cassiopeia in this battle. You also can't use magic and your use of ki isn't at par with my level. There is no way you can beat me. Give up, Chao-san!"

"Magic, huh? Hah! We'll see about that!" Negi narrowed his eyes as Chao mumbled to herself. "Code 9784063637328 1929979004002… unlock magical circuitry release seals. RAST TEIL…" Beneath Chao a large glowing circle appeared. "MAI MAGICSCIR MAGISTER To Sumbolaion Diakonētō Moi, o Turanne Phlogos! Epigenēthētō, Phlox Katharseōs, Rhomphaia Phloginē!

Negi's eyes were flung wide open in shock. Chao was summoning a spell! "A spell?" the boy teacher shouted. "But… how…!"

"Does this really surprise you?" Chao said with a smirk on her face. "I'm the descendant of you and the Thousand Master!"

"Rheusantōn Pur kai Theion, ha Epephlegon Sodoma, Hamartōlous, Eis Choun Thanatou!" Chao chanted. Within her left right hand a violent flame was gathering into swirling ball. Negi prepared himself as he placed several barriers around himself. "Ourania Phlogōsis!" Chao released her spell and hit Negi with it at full force, creating an explosion bigger than the blimp itself. A few seconds later Negi's body was seen falling from the before righting himself. "Wonderful, you managed to withstand that hit just now, eh Negi-bozu?"

Negi was panting as he tried to recover from that attack.If I hadn't put up a magical barrier at full power, she would have got me for sure, Negi thought. That was stronger than my spell. What an incredible amount of magical power! How is that possible! Even if Chao-san's a genius, how can she be a high-level mage? He then noticed that there were odd patterns on her body, but for some reason he couldn't see them really. What's this? I see a strange current of magical power. Something abnormal…

"Heh," Chao smirked. "It's time to toss tactics and plans out the door. I've just gotta dish out everything I have and try to be the last man standing. Those glyphs! Negi said to himself. Chao-san's body is covered with magical runes. I've never seen such a powerful formulation of glyphs. No… is this… science?

"RAST TEIL MAI MAGICSCIR MAGISTER EVOCATIO SPIRITUALIS DE UNDETRIGINTA SALAMANDRIS LANCIFERIS!" Chao said. Around her 29 black wisps with the shape of winged serpents with arms and blades appeared. I'm sure of it! Negi said to himself as he figured out what Chao had just done to herself. Chao-san's using those magical runes to generate magical power by force! That's too much strain on her body! I need to stop her!

"P-Please wait!" Negi shouted.

"We're past talking!" Chao retorted as she launched her attack.

Negi gritted his teeth. "RASTEL MASKIL MAGISTER EVOCATIO SPIRITUALIS DE SPETENDECIM VALCYRIIS MORTIFERIS!" Negi shouted and summoned his own spirits to fight. As the groups of spirits had a dog fight, Negi and Chao clashed in the middle of it all. Negi caught her magically enhanced fist during their little clash. "What are you doing? You mustn't overexert yourself! The incantations must be causing you unbearable pain!"

"Ah, you can tell, eh? However..." Chao then punched the boy in the gut with her free arm. "If you hold back now, you'll die! We disagree, and that's final. There is nothing left to talk about." Chao moved back and readied another spell. "I went back in time to accomplish this one thing! I've put everything I have into this goal for two long years! THIS PLAN IS EVERYTHING FOR ME NOW, NEGI-BOZU! I WON'T SIMPLY BE STOPPED BY MERE WORDS! RAST TEIL MAI MAGICSCIR MAGISTER UNDESEXAGINTA SPIRITUS IGNIS COEUNTES LIX SAGITTA MAGICA SERIES IGNIS!" Chao unleashed flaming arrows at Negi.

"RASTEL MASKIL MAGISTER SEPTENTRIGINTA SPIRITUS LUCIS COEUNTES SAGITTENT INIMICUM! XXXVII SAGITTA MAGICA SERIES IGNIS!" Negi responded by sending his own barrage of attacks. Another explosion appeared in the sky as their attacks met.

Down below, everyone watched with anticipation as they were easily reminded about the battles that had occurred during the Mahora Budokai. Chamo started to sweat bullets as his call for Negi's victory was premature when Chao showed off her magic. "Hmm, I have to say I was shocked to see that Chao could use magic," said the ermine. "The level of magic she's dishing out is leaving me nearly speechless. Doesn't she have any weaknesses? What's she's doing should be illegal. Looks like the winner will be decided by brute force." He then glanced at Yue's face, noticing how focused she was on the fight. "Hm? What's the matter, Yuecchi?"

"Nothing," replied Yue as she continued to watch the fight with anticipation. And she wasn't the only as Haruna and Ku Fei had finished off their opponents and watched the fight from a distance.

As Negi and Chao continued on with their brawl, the boy teacher couldn't help but think to himself that he needed to end this fight. I can't allow Chao-san to use more magic! Negi said to himself. Asking her to stop won't work. It would be a mistake to try and talk to her. Chao-san admitted to dedicating her entire effort into this plan. With every ounce of magic power that I have, with every bit of strength I can draw, I have to defeat Chao-san with everything I have! That's the best I can do for her right now!

"Finally getting serious huh? That's right, that's what you should do," Chao said as she panted. The strain of using forced magic was putting a strain on her. "In order to stop me, you'll have to defeat me completely. You're the son of the Thousand Master, aren't you?

Negi's hair was covering his eyes as he spoke. "Please, answer me one question," he said.

"Huh?"

"You said that you came back in time was for this plan," Negi then lifted his head and met eyes with Chao. "What about the two years you spent with Ku Fei-san, Hakase-san, and your classmates? Didn't that mean anything to you, Chao-san?

"Classmates?" Chao lowered her head as a small smile appeared on her face. "Heh. You're right. I didn't think very hard about that part. What surprised me most about the last two years was the fact that I enjoyed my time here very much. Now, it's nothing more than a faraway dream." Her eyes then hardened as she glared at Negi. "Talk is over. RAST TEIL MAI MAGISCSCIR MAGISTER To Sumbolaion Diakonētō Moi, o Turanne Phlogos! Epigenēthētō, Phlox Katharseōs, Rhomphaia Phloginē! Rheusantōn Pur kai Theion, ha Epephlegon Sodoma, Hamartōlous, Eis Choun Thanatou!"

"RASTEL MASKIL MAGISTER VENIANT SPIRITUS AERIALES FULGURIENTES!" Negi chanted as he also prepared his attack spell. "CUM FULGURATIONE FLET TEMPESTAS AUSTRIANA!"

"It's not as powerful but Aniki's incantation is faster!" commented Chamo. "Go for it, Aniki!"

"Ourania Phlogōsis! /JOVIS TEMPESTAS FULGURIENS!" Chao and Negi shouted respectively, sending forth their strongest attacks at each other. The blasts collided with one another, one trying to over pass the other. Explosions of power appeared in the sky. Incidentally though, during the blast struggle, Chao was hit in the head by a shard of something caused by the explosion, causing her to lower her defenses as she was engulfed by Negi's attack. A large explosion then occurred that covered the sky between the two, their fates left uncertain at the moment.



* * *



Meanwhile, back at the Mahora forest (or what's left of it)…

Trunks, Goten, Gohan, Asuna, Setsuna and Misora were all talking to each other. Trunks had awoken earlier as Goten told him how Tullece was defeated. Trunks pouted, not being able to see the evil Saiyan's defeat in person. Then all of heard something in the air. They all turned their heads as they saw the large explosion in the sky. All of them wondered what just happened. Gohan let out a small chuckle, causing confused looks on the part of everyone. "It seems like Negi-san has won," said the demi-saiyan.

Goten's and Trunks's eyes and mouths widened in happiness. "Negi/-kun did it!" shouted the two little demi-saiyans in unison. "Yatta! Yatta! Yatta!" The two of them began to dance around in happiness at Negi's victory.

Asuna's eyes shed some tears of happiness. "I'm glad. Thank goodness," she muttered. "That idiot was able to do it after all." Setsuna didn't say anything as she turned away from the group, trying not to show any kind of emotion to them. However, she was failing miserably as her body was trembling in happiness, glad that Negi had won.

Trunks let out a huge sigh of relief as he sat down next to Gohan, Goten and Asuna. "I thought we'd had it, time and again, there," the light purple-haired demi-saiyan said.

"You guys have been run ragged," the demi-saiyan commented.

"Not as badly as you've been, Gohan-sensei," Setsuna said with a smile.

Gohan smiled as he looked skywards. "Everyone did well," spoke the demi-saiyan. "I'm glad that it is finally over."

"You are right Gohan," commented Asuna as she sat next to the lying demi-saiyan. "So let's go home. We need to get you and everyone healed up for the conclusion party." Everyone nodded in agreement as they were about to pick Gohan up and bring him to where everyone else was at. Suddenly, before the group could do anything, they heard the whistle of what they assumed was an incoming missile. But seconds after hearing it, they looked several meters out to their left where they saw Tullece's battered, bloodied, burnt and bruised body crash to the ground from the high altitudes of the sky above.

Everyone gaped in shock at the sight of Tullece. "T-The Saiyan…!" Setsuna exclaimed.

Asuna let herself relax as she calmed down everyone. "It's okay. He's dead," she commented. Goten, Trunks, Setsuna and Misora all turned to Asuna, wondering how she was able to tell that the evil Saiyan was dead. Asuna gave a simple answer. "He is no longer a Super Saiyan." Everyone turned their heads to see that what Asuna said was true. Tullece was indeed back to his normal state! He no longer had the trademark gold hair of the Super Saiyan transformation. Tullece was indeed back to normal. Asuna walked over to where Tullece's body laid. "You were one hell of a beast, but I guess we should at least dig you a grave."

At the sound of her comment, the undamaged eye of the Saiyan flung open. "You mean a grave for yourselves?" Tullece stated with a grin on his face. Everyone, including Gohan, gaped in horror and shock as they couldn't believe what they were seeing! Tullece was still alive!



* * *



Author's note: Hey everybody! Hope you all enjoyed the chapter. I told you that some parts were going to be like the Saiyan Saga. Tullece is a mean bastard thats for sure.

READ AND REVIEW! It doesn't any time at all to say something. I love hearing from everyone. I'll see ya all around! Peace!





*Chapter 46*: The Conclusion of MahoraFest!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. See Chapter 1 for details.

Author's note: Hey everybody! How is it going? Hope you all are doing well. My week started horrible but then got better ever since I arrived in Hong Kong. The city is amazing! Definitely different than Japan that's for sure. I can tell you more about it for those who are interested. Anyways, I have an announcement at the end of this chapter. Please read it. It is very important.

I want to thank Gokai Entertainment for being my beta! He has been a great help. And now let me introduce to you all the last chapter of the World Tree Arc, Chapter 46 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 46: The Dawn of a Fierce Battle! The Conclusion of MahoraFest!

Gohan, Asuna, Trunks, Goten, and Setsuna couldn't believe it. Their jaws dropped and their bodies trembled in fear as Tullece, the evil Saiyan, had survived the Genki Dama once again! It would seem that Tullece was truly unbeatable. And with the state that Gohan was in, what could possibly defeat this Saiyan now that their only hope of winning was gone? Tullece panted heavily as he looked at the group, his eyes in annoyance that they had used the same technique that Son Goku used to defeat him so many years ago.

"You did quite a number on me with that attack. Even I thought I was going to die from that one," Tullece said as he stood up in front of Asuna. The orange haired girl was in complete shock and unprepared as Tullece hit her with a swipe of his arm, sending her skidding across the ground. She immediately went on all fours and caressed her injury on which Tullece had inflicted.

"I've taken a considerable amount of damage, but I still have enough strength to take care of trash like you," spoke the evil Saiyan. "Once I've killed you all, I'll wait and recover my strength, then completely destroy this planet!" Tullece then turned his gaze at where Gohan and the others were at. The evil Saiyan mustered all of his remaining strength to walk forward as his body was in complete shambles; his body covered in injuries and cuts and his armor tattered beyond belief. "Y-You've made me, Tullece-sama, use up nearly the full limit of my power. And though it may have taken a number of you to do it, it wounds my pride that trash like you have done this. Would you people drop dead already?"

Setsuna, Goten and Trunks trembled in fear as they saw Tullece heading towards them. The evil Saiyan was terrifying. If the Genki Dama wouldn't work, then how were they going to beat him? They didn't have the strength to defeat him. Goten was completely exhausted from before as was Setsuna while Trunks recently woke up from being unconscious. Gohan tried to get up, knowing that fact. "D-Damn it... Damn it...!" cursed the demi-saiyan. His body was not responding at all! Curses!

"G-Gohan!" screamed Asuna as she noticed that Tullece was heading specifically towards Gohan. She tried to get up and protect the demi-saiyan but couldn't. Tullece's hit was still affecting her body. She couldn't move! This was bad!

Suddenly Tullece stopped walking, getting curious looks from everyone. The evil Saiyan brought his arms to his chest in a cross formation and bent his knees. An aura surrounded him as well some sparks of electricity. Gohan's eyes widened as he knew what Tullece was going to do. He tried to shout for everyone to get away but it was too late. Tullece let out a small grin as he threw all his limbs outward, creating a large burst of ki that rocked the entire area. Tullece was unleashing an Explosive Wave!

Gohan and the others tried to find cover but couldn't as they completely blow away from the blast. All of them flew through the sky, screaming out in pain as Tullece's attack continued to shine on. Then, a large explosion occurred that covered the entire area! Gohan, Goten, Trunks, Asuna, Setsuna and even Misora were helpless against the explosion as the blast engulfed them completely. In the center of the explosion, a huge dust cloud was formed that had the shape of an atomic explosion cloud. This was not good.



* * *



Meanwhile…

Far away from where Gohan and the others were, another explosion occurred above the skies of Mahora. However, it was not as big as Tullece's that's for sure. The explosion resulted from a clash of powerful magic attacks done by both Negi Springfield and Chao Lingshen. The attacks were in a dead-lock but Negi's attack was able to overwhelm Chao's magic attack. Gohan was right. Negi had defeated Chao! Chamo was fuming in excitement. "All right! He won!" shouted the ermine. "He beat Chao! Chao may have more Magical skill, but Aniki has way more combat experience! That made all the difference!"

Suddenly, Chao came out of the smoke, falling towards the ground at high speeds. Everyone that was watching gasped at the sight. Even Chamo was worried about Chao at that moment. Luckily, someone was there to save the falling Chinese genius. It was Negi! He grabbed onto Chao's arm while holding onto his own broom. "Chao-san!" screamed the boy teacher, trying to see if Chao was still alive after that attack.

And sure enough, she was still alive. She opened her eyes slowly as she looked at the boy teacher with a surprised look on her face. "Ne… Negi-bozu?" questioned the Chinese genius; surprised that after all they have been through, Negi was still trying to rescue her. Why? She wondered.

Negi's face drew a smile. "Chao-san!" panted the boy teacher. "Thank goodness!" However, at that moment, a bright light appeared behind Negi's back. The boy teacher turned his head to see a bright column of light shine from the blip in the sky. Negi's eyes flung wide open. It couldn't be! "The spell!"

Chao chuckled. "The Forced Recognition Spell…" panted the Chinese genius. "It's… been activated…"

Negi's eyebrows frowned when he heard the statement. "That's… impossible!" shouted Negi.

Chao smirked. "Heh. Didn't you know? Even if… you defeat me… if you didn't stop… Hakase… the ritual will be completed," Chao panted. You wouldn't be able to touch Hakase without… beating me… either. The powerful spell… will climb to 18,000 meters. It'll absorb more magic from the World Tree. In a few minutes, it'll resonate with the twelve other sacred magical locations around the globe. You've been beat. You spent too much time fighting me."

Negi clenched his teeth as he brought Chao upon his broom. He carried her in bridal style as he turned his broom towards the column of light. "I have to go stop it!" shouted the boy teacher. "There's still a couple of minutes, right? I can–" Suddenly, Negi felt something as his body trembled in pain. By reflex, he began to choke and cough out blood. He stared at his hand in shock. "No! Did I reach my limit?" questioned the boy teacher out loud. This was bad!

Despite that though, Negi knew he couldn't give up now. He needed to stop it! If not, everyone's efforts would be wasted! The boy teacher clenched his staff hard. "Not now!" roared Negi as he mustered all of his remaining strength to move forward. I just need to last a little longer! Negi shouted to himself. But as much as he wanted to go forward and stop the spell from happening, his body was saying otherwise. His body had reached its limit. The boy teacher and Chao fell from the broom. No, Negi said to himself as he tried to stay conscious. I'm also holding Chao-san! I can't… fall… no more… strength…

And with that, Negi Springfield had finally passed out. Chao was about to go that same road as she looked at the boy teacher one last time. She smirked. I'm not surprised, Chao said to herself. He used up everything… he had during the last attack. My magic is supplied by the World Tree. He used his own magical power to power the Cassiopeia over and over. This was bound to happen. Heh. He's still a child with much to learn. He did extremely well for his age, I suppose. Gohan-kun had taught him very well. He will only get stronger if he lives. Chao took a glance at her devices that were still on her. She sighed. The antigravity system, Chao said to herself, it's trashed.

Chao then took a glance at the sights below as they were began to pick up speed in their fall. Oh well. Looks like we're both toast. We'll be like a frog that's been pounded against the wall. I have no regrets, but… Chao grabbed hold of Negi and squeezed him to protect him from their incoming fate. I don't have a choice. I'll use the last of my magic to protect this child. Heh… I can't let my ancestor die.

During that same moment, Hakase spotted Negi and Chao falling through the sky. "Chao-san! Negi-sensei!" screamed Hakase as she brought forth the mechanical wings. Just as she was about to take off and rescue the two, multiple screens appeared before Hakase. "Hmmm? The Forced Recognition Spell's activated, but…" Then Hakase's eyes flung wide open when she realized something that had appeared on the screens. "What's this!"



* * *



Meanwhile…

The explosion at the forest began to die down. Rocks, dust and pebbles began to crash down back to the floor while Tullece remained in the same pose. With a huge breath, the evil Saiyan brought back his arms down with effort. Tullece picked up something at the corner of his eye as he glanced at the column of light as the area around him was still covered by dust. The evil Saiyan grinned at the sight. "It seems that Chao has activated the spell. Good riddance, it's about time." Now it was his turn to finish his job as he almost began to walk away from the battleground. However once the dust dissipated, Tullece was given a clear view around him.

Standing on top of a column of rock that was right in the middle of crater that he had created, Tullece glanced around to see where Gohan and the others were at. He spotted each other but something about them was bothering him. All of them were still moving! "D-Damn it, I have to admit, that destructive force was pathetic," cursed the evil Saiyan. "All of them are still clinging to life."

And true enough to his word, everyone was still alive but only barely. All of them were wincing in extreme pain. Gohan lay on top of a rock, Goten and Trunks were on their backs and far away from Gohan's position, Setsuna was against a column while Asuna was on her stomach but near Gohan's position. After scouting, Tullece began to pant even more heavily as his uninjured eye began to close on him. He was about to pass out from exhaustion but luckily for him, Tullece was able to stop himself as he woke himself up. Mustering up his remaining energy, the evil Saiyan floated into the sky and towards Gohan. "T-The damage was worse than I thought…" panted Tullece. "I-I have to hurry up and take care of these guys… and then get some rest…"

Asuna moved her head upwards to see what was going and saw where Tullece was heading. "No," she muttered as she tried to get up but couldn't. "No, no, no. Come on body, get up."However, it was no use. Her body just wasn't responding!

Landing directly in front of Gohan, Tullece walked forward with a lot of effort. "Even though I am at this state, I can still kill you, Kakabrat," Tullece stated as he stood over Gohan. The demi-saiyan had his eyes closed, wincing in pain and unaware that Tullece was right above him. The evil Saiyan smirked as he raised his hand and formed it into a dagger, ready to cut through Gohan's heart. "I can't believe that you have brought me to this state, Son Gohan. You and all of your friends. As punishment, you will be the first one to go!"

Asuna's eyes flung wide open at the statement. "No!" she muttered. She continued to try to get up but was not able to. "I need to protect him. I need more. I need more… power! I can't let Gohan die!" Suddenly, an image or more precisely, a memory replayed in her head.

"Yo Takamichi, can you give me a light? This is my last smoke..." the old man grunted. He was covered in injuries that were indeed fatal. Blood was dripping from his abdomen. The old man took a drag from the cigarette that the young Takamichi had given him. "Ah-sweet. Go on now, I'll mange here somehow." The old man turned towards the young Asuna and chuckled a bit. "What's wrong little lady? Are you crying? Showing your tears...That's a first. Hehe I'm happy."

"M-master..." the young man stuttered.

"Takamichi..." spoke the old man, "About her memories, erase the parts about me will ya?"

"Wha-What are you talking about Master!'

"She won't be needing it from now on..."

"N-no. Nagi is gone. Now Ojiisan is too..." Chibi Asuna cried. The old man patted her head and smiled at her.

"Live a happy life little lady. You have that right..."

"You can't Gatou-san! I don't want you to die!"

At that moment, something happened to Asuna as she felt an influx of power coming from within once the memory had finished. The orange haired girl was shocked at the sudden power increase. However, her state of consciousness began to fade away. Asuna tried to resist but was unable as the power began to overwhelm her until the persona of Kagaruzaka Asuna was no longer in control. A mysterious entity overtook her body as an aura sprang up around her.

Tullece pulled back his arm further up into the sky, ready to strike the killing blow. "Say good-bye, Kakabrat! And this time, for good!" As Tullece was about to land the killing blow to Gohan, he felt something. A tug in the air and it was directly behind him. Tullece turned his head to see what it was where he got quite a shock. It was Asuna! She was standing up and not only that, she had activated her pactio. Tullece growled. "You just don't know when to quit do you?"

Asuna was unresponsive as she readied her blade. Tullece chuckled slightly, amused that the girl still thought she had a chance against him. Turning his body completely towards her, Tullece got himself in a fighting stance. "You really do have a death wish don't ya? Very well, if you insist," Tullece said. "I guess I can change the order. So I'll now start with you." However, something was bothering the evil Saiyan. A nervous sweat began to slide down his face as he stared at Asuna's face and noticed something was strange about the orange haired girl. Tullece shrugged that away as he said to himself that it was due to him being near exhaustion. He couldn't possibly be nervous about someone like Asuna, right? However, that was all about to change once Asuna made her move.

She shot at Tullece at top speed, pulling her sword back and preparing to strike. Tullece was ready for her. Crouching into a defensive stance, he pulled back, avoiding the first strike. She came at him with swift, quick, and deadly slash attacks, her sword cutting through the air easily. It was as if she was punching out at him. Asuna honed in on her assault, throwing all sorts of strike techniques. Tullece had to leap back after one particular strike. He landed several feet back, dropped in a cautious stance.

"Where the hell did this girl get that kind of power?" Tullece questioned as he inspected Asuna even more. This new 'Asuna' was making the evil Saiyan nervous. Her eyes appeared to be lifeless and Tullece could feel tremendous energy coming from her, more than before. The evil Saiyan gritted his teeth. "It doesn't matter. I'm still much stronger than you!"

With a burst of energy, Tullece hurled himself at Asuna in a charge, moving into attack. The orange haired girl floated up slightly, ready to meet her opponent's blunt assault. The evil Saiyan struck out with a left knee, with Asuna meeting it with the blunt part of her sword. Tullece then threw a right straight punch after pulling his knee back, only for Asuna to spin around and crack the side of her left fist against it, stopping Tullece's attacks. Asuna's parrying was swift and brief, and when she blocked that last attack, she then sent a powerful slash across the evil Saiyan's chest. Tullece was sent soaring across the ground, with the orange haired girl in hot pursuit.

Asuna appeared above Tullece as he flew on, the evil Saiyan caught completely off guard at the sudden speed the girl had picked up. Reacting quickly, he threw a left punch straight for the orange haired, only for Asuna to phase out and reappear behind the evil Saiyan, directly in his path. Pulling her sword back, far Asuna sent it up into Tullece, knocking him skywards. The evil Saiyan let out a yell of pain as he spun and twirled, stopping a few stories above the earth. Tullece panted as he floated above Asuna's position. "She won't be able to reach me here," Tullece stated. "I'll be safe up here, for now. In the meantime, I need to analyze this situation before it gets out of hand." Oh how he would eat those words as suddenly, Asuna began to float. And it wasn't just any regular float; she was easily reaching Tullece's position at a fast speed!

The evil Saiyan's eyes flung wide open in surprise once Asuna had phased out in front of him. "T-That's impossible!" roared Tullece, surprised that Asuna was to move around like this at her current level. What the hell was she? Turning around, Tullece prepared for another attack. The orange haired girl was quickly upon him, appearing out of thin air in front of Tullece and sending a straight punch into his stomach. Tullece was struck full on by the blow and sent upwards a bit. He put his hands over the new wound, only to receive a quick, strike kick in the face. He flew up higher, with Asuna still following.

Within moments, the two warriors were above the clouds. Tullece was able to stop at this point and as soon as he broke through the barrier of white fluff, flew backwards to create distance. Stopping at a particular point, he watched Asuna burst through the white cover in front of him, soaked from moisture. Soaking himself, Tullece pulled back his right hand and threw it forward with a yell. With this, he unleashed a concentrated cluster blast, the purple energy that had formed exploding as hundreds of small ki bullets shot straight for Asuna. Tullece smirked, knowing that even though she had gained speed, she couldn't possibly evade this attack or even for that matter repel them!

However, the orange haired girl was ready for this. She effortlessly brought her sword forward and blocked all of the small, yet powerful blasts. Each ki bullet exploded uselessly against her defense, and as soon as they were all finished, Asuna lowered her sword and prepared to attack again. Tullece was infuriated that his own assault had failed, but more so surprised at what happened. It seemed as if his attacks were cancelled out by the sword. But that shouldn't be possible, Tullece said to himself. From what I understood in Chao's data, Kagurazaka Asuna should only be able to cancel out magic attacks. I didn't know she could cancel out ki as well. I need to think of something and quickly!

But Tullece wasn't able to get the chance to do that as Asuna went on the attack once again. Tullece was able to block the incoming attack at the last minute as he went on the counterattack. The two clashed as they leapt down from the skies, Asuna pushing from the ground and retreating as Tullece came down, crashing to earth with a kick which resounded in a shock wave before he chased, also disappearing into super speed yet again. They flashed in and out of focus, with Tullece obviously on the attack. He attempted to hit his opponent but was unable to catch her.

At the sound of the small shockwaves that resounded, Setsuna opened her eyes to watch the spectacle before her. She couldn't believe what she saw as she saw Asuna and Tullece fighting it out. She knew that Tullece had still a lot of strength left but the fact that Asuna was able to stay on level with him was impressive. She did notice the look on Asuna's face as it was the same one that she showed during their match at the Mahora Budokai. This could be bad.

Then Setsuna saw them moving across, Asuna appearing in flight and bringing her sword about. Tullece landed and kicked off, retreating in defense. When he saw Asuna slash forward, he phased into super speed and came down from above with a kick. Asuna too disappeared, with Tullece hitting the ground instead. Immediately after striking and missing, the evil Saiyan disappeared into super speed, Asuna reappearing coming at him in front and throwing a left hook. She looked up and behind him, quickly disappearing again.

At that moment, Tullece reappeared in front of his dematerializing opponent, throwing a left uppercut, only to hit an after image. Tullece then saw Asuna coming at him from in front again, however this time, Asuna only hit an afterimage. She then received from the evil Saiyan a right hook across the face, and then a left uppercut, these blows made her slide back along the ground. Tullece was quick to act on this, bringing both hands up as if in boxing and beginning to ram incredibly fast, powerful punches into her face using his right fist. These punches had speed, strength and ferocity, driving Asuna back. She didn't stagger, but slid along the hard, flat surface. Asuna was unable to defend herself, but she could see, through her blinded, beaten sight Tullece fist his left hand and prepare to attack. With a yell, the evil Saiyan threw the face shot, only for Asuna to blur out of focus and disappear in super speed.

Then suddenly, Tullece let out a yell as he side-stepped a downward sword strike from Asuna as she reappeared in front of him, making him shift back through the air to avoid the next attacks. The orange haired girl followed, continuously attacking and not letting Tullece get the chance to attack back. She swung her sword at Tullece. The blade flashed passed Tullece who was floating back fast, ducking and side shifting away from the swift strikes as best he could. With Asuna's enhanced strength and speed, she was able to keep the evil Saiyan on the ropes.

Leaping over Asuna's mid-section aimed strike, but not attacking at risk of being struck by the sword, the evil Saiyan soared straight up into the sky. Asuna followed him with his eyes, sword already held ready for a counter attack. Her fingers glided and tapped against the handle, getting her digits into comfortable positions. However, instead of seeing the incoming brunt of a punch or a kick, Asuna saw that Tullce had retreated up to another hundred meters above him before stopping above the earth where the birds flew.

Tullece panted heavily, his energy draining quickly while Asuna's energy remained steadfast. "Why you!" growled the evil Saiyan. Asuna stood expressionless, showing no emotion in her stance. It was starting to make Tullece even more nervous than he already had been. Clenching his fists, Tullece knew the outcome of this fight was going to be if he were to continue. He needed to end this. Now! Tullece reared back and took a fighting stance, his right arm cranked back and up, trying to muster enough energy to destroy her. "I'll crush you like the trash that you are! DIE!" Tullece roared, a golden, sparkling ball of high energy popping up in his hand.

With a battle cry, Tullece flung his right hand forward and unleashed the powerful blast, hurling it at colossal speeds straight for Asuna. There was an explosion as it sent fire, sparks of energy and smoke hurling everywhere. Seconds later, the scene's climax dropped, leaving a massive trench line with a crater at the end, smoke and fire hurling from its base.

Tullece grinned successfully, looking to see what damage had been done. His smile was wiped clean when suddenly, the fire and smoke was blown away with Asuna reappearing. Tullece couldn't believe it! Just who the hell is this girl? Tullece said to himself. I need to do something fast or else… Suddenly, the evil Saiyan coughed out blood. Tullece winced in pain as his body began to fail on him. His strength was quickly being drained. Any second now, the evil Saiyan was going to pass out. He couldn't let that happen! He glared at the orange haired girl as he had forcibly waked himself up to stay conscious by biting his tongue. "I am Tullece, a super elite Saiyan warrior that has followed the righteous path of our race. And I will not be defeated by a mere girl with a sword!" roared Tullece. "I WILL NOT!"

Up in the sky, the evil Saiyan made his move. He bent his knees, with one leg higher than the other. Both his hands pulled back above his shoulder. His hands were shaped as if he were holding ball, with one over the other in order for the giant fusia ball to be formed. "Even though this attack may kill me, at least I will take you out with my Rukrak-Ho!" Tullece yelled as he began to charge up his Rukrak-Ho attack.

Asuna, meanwhile, stood motionless as she watched the events unfold before her. Clenching hard on the handle of her sword, she brought the giant blade forward and put herself in a defensive position. A bright aura sprang up around her. The air around the two warriors was quiet. A slight breeze passed through the area while Setsuna watched the match. She struggled to get on her two feet as she was close to exhaustion as well. She gulped as she realized that this may be the final moment of this battle.

Tullece gritted his teeth as he launched his attack forward, unleashing a fuchsia ki beam straight at Asuna. The orange haired girl prepared herself as she threw sword forward to clash with the attack. Once the sword had touched upon the blast, a struggle began between the blast and Asuna's sword. Tullece let out a small grin. "Even if you are able to cancel out ki, you won't be able to cancel out that much ki at your current level!" Tullece stated. "You are finished!"

Although Tullece was right about his attack not being cancelled, he couldn't have predicted on what happened next. Asuna bite through tooth and nail as she finished her slash which resulted in Tullece's attack being repelled right back at him! Tullece's eyes flung wide open. "N-No way!" Tullece exclaimed. "T-That's not possible!" The evil Saiyan knew he needed to get out of there but as soon as he tried to, he was unable to. "Dammit! I have used up all of my energy! I can't move!" The attack came upon him, resulting in an explosion that made Tullece fall down to the ground.

Tullece landed on the ground hard, creating a dent upon the spot he landed on. He winced in pain as new injuries appeared on his body. He glanced at Asuna who was still in the same spot. Tullece began to nervously sweat, thinking that Asuna was now going to finish him. However, as fate would have it, Asuna's body began to wobble around. Signs of life began to appear in her eyes as she fell forward and passed out. Her aura disappeared once she landed on the ground.

Tullece let out a sigh of relief. Despite it being a close call, it wasn't over yet. He was severely injured and needed to get medical attention quickly. It was time for a timely retreat as the evil Saiyan began to search around in what remained of his chest plate for a remote. Upon pressing some buttons and hearing a ring tone, Tullece let go of the remote.

Setsuna was curious as to what Tullece did just now. Suddenly, she heard a noise booming across the sky. Looking above, she noticed a strange object landing close to Tullece's position. "What is that?" questioned the swordswoman out loud as she began to inspect the foreign object that had recently arrived. It was a spherical object that was 1.5 meters in diameter with a red circular glass in the middle.

"There it is…" Tullece panted as he turned his body around so the front part of his body was on top of the ground, making it much easier for him to crawl as his ship arrived in front of him. The evil Saiyan, though badly beaten, crawled to his ship. "To think that I'd have to retreat…" growled Tullece as the hatch to his Saiyan pod opened to reveal a red seat that looked mighty comfortable. "D-Damn it," panted the evil Saiyan. "I, Tullece-sama, the mightiest warrior in the universe… reduced to this state…"

Setsuna, using her sword as support, stood up as she realized what the pod was and why Tullece was heading towards it. "T-That's his spaceship," concluded the swordswoman. Clenching the handle of her sword in rage, she frowned her eyebrows as she began to limp towards Tullece. "Like I'm going to let you get away!" This was her chance to finish Tullece once and for all.

Tullece, meanwhile, began to crawl on to the hatch of the pod but was having great difficulty getting inside. "Hold it!" shouted a voice. The evil Saiyan turned his head around to see Sakurazaki Setsuna standing before him with her sword on hand. Setsuna let out a sigh as she prepared her blade for the killing blow. "This is for what you did to Gohan-kun and my friends!" Setsuna said angrily.

Tullece's eyes widened at his misfortune. "Damn it, my body won't respond…!" exclaimed the evil Saiyan. Because he was so focused on trying to get inside with what strength he had left, Tullece didn't see Setsuna coming towards him. Curse his luck!



* * *



Meanwhile, on the Kaioshin planet…

"Whew," exhaled Kibit Kaioshin as he landed softly on his behind. He and the Dai Kaioshin were watching the whole battle on the mirror ball that the Dai Kaioshin had created during the battle against Majin Boo. They were curious on how things were turning out on Earth and thankfully, it would seem that Gohan and the others had finally won against Tullece. Both of them had been staring intently, especially Kibit Kaioshin who kept on cheering Gohan and the others to win. "I'm glad that it is finally over."

The Dai Kaioshin nodded in agreement. "They've done well themselves to come this far," said the old Kaioshin. "For a moment there, I wasn't sure how this would turn out."

"I agree, Dai Kaioshin-sama," Kibit Kaioshin added. "I know we are not supposed to take sides, but that Saiyan was a villain who plunged the whole universe into terror. I'm glad that Gohan-san and his friends took care of him."

The Dai Kaioshin looked at his counterpart suspiciously with semi-closed eyes. "Take sides? You were cheering on for Gohan and the others to win the whole time."

Kibit Kaioshin blushed in embarrassment as he scratched the back of his neck. "I couldn't help it," responded the younger Kaioshin. "But I'm glad that it is finally over. It would seem that the evil you spoke of earlier is over, Dai Kaioshin-sama."

"Over?" repeated the old Kaioshin. "Far from it to be honest."

Kibit Kaioshin's eyes widened at the statement. "What do you mean, Dai Kaioshin-sama?" asked the younger Kaioshin. "Are you saying that there is something more to this battle? Something eviler than the Saiyan?"

The old Kaioshin nodded in response. "Yes," he replied. "The root of this evil that the Saiyan has shown hasn't been completely eliminated. Not the root of it." Kibit Kaioshin blinked a few times, curious as to what the Dai Kaioshin was referring to. However, by his tone of voice, Kibit Kaioshin knew that it was something bad and they needed to be ready for it.



* * *



Back on Earth…

Setsuna lifted her sword even higher as she was about land the killing blow on Tullece. "Die!" she shouted and launched her attack. But before she could land the strike, the swordswoman heard a loud voice in her head.

"Wait!" Setsuna did indeed stop, right at the tip of Tullece's neck to be exact as a small extract of blood came out. Setsuna looked around as she had recognized that voice from anywhere. She turned her head towards the direction of the one person who she could think of: Son Gohan!

"G-Gohan-sensei?" wondered out loud the swordswoman as this wasn't the first time that this happened. The North Kaio did the same thing with her when she was about to launch the Genki Dama. "Y-You're alive? W-Was that you who just spoke inside my mind, Gohan-sensei?" Setsuna asked.

"Yeah, that's right," replied Gohan's voice. "I can't talk very loud, after all. S-Setsuna-san, forgive me for asking, but would you let him live?"

Setsuna's eyes flung wide open at Gohan's question. "A-Are you out of your mind, Gohan-sensei?" exclaimed the swordswoman, wondering if Gohan hit his head or something that may have caused him to be a bit delusional. "This guy tried to kill you and was going to kill everyone in the world! If we let him go now, he's sure to recover his strength, and then come back here!"

"Y-You're probably right," panted Gohan's voice.

"If you're thinking that maybe he'll have a change of heart, then you're greatly mistaken!" exclaimed Setsuna as she continued to stare at Gohan's figure, unaware that Tullece was trying to get inside his pod but with great difficulty. The evil Saiyan panted heavily. This was becoming harder than he thought as he was trying to be silent in his escape so as not to get Setsuna's attention and possibly be killed by the swordswoman.

And so far, it was working. "He's not like that!" continued shouting the swordswoman at Gohan. "In our trip to the future, he even killed Chao-san, Chachamaru-san and Hakase-san! He tried to kill you and everyone around us then and now! There is no way a monster like him should live!"

"I-I know. I know how ridiculously strong Tullece is, too," responded Gohan's voice. "Still, although I am not able to explain it too well, s-seeing him there, about to die, made me think… 'What a waste.'"

"W-What a waste?" repeated Setsuna. "What do you mean by that, Gohan-sensei?"

Gohan chuckled slightly. "I thought that with all the training that I had done up to this point and having fought against Vegetto-san and Tullece in the future as well as recovering from being near death so many times lately, I had finally reached my peak," explained the demi-saiyan warrior. "But Tullece had far surpassed me. It completely surprised me. To be honest, I was overwhelmed. However, somewhere in my heart, I was happy and excited. I don't know why, but it probably must be because of my Saiyan blood."

Setsuna's eyes widened at that last part. How could Gohan be happy about this? Didn't he not like his Saiyan blood? How could he even think like that? She immediately turned around Tullece once the evil Saiyan made a loud grunt upon landing awkwardly on the pod's seat. With her blade ready at the Saiyan's neck, Setsuna contemplated on Gohan's words. Although it was a request from the object of her affections, she started to think that maybe with all this fighting, the person known as Son Gohan would be lost. She didn't want that to happen! The only way to stop that from happening was to kill Tullece right here and now before it was too late! "I know this is wrong, but please… give me another chance to fight him," pleaded Gohan's voice.

Setsuna contemplated even more. Was this really worth the risk? But then she realized something when she looked at her position, seeing her blade hinging on Tullece's neck. She noticed the pleading look on Tullece's face and realized that maybe Gohan was right. Maybe the Saiyan should be given another chance to live, even if he doesn't deserve it. And if he were to come back to destroy the Earth, Gohan would be there to stop him like always.

Setsuna let out a small smile as she let go of her blade as it fell to the ground. "All right," she said. "You do have the right to ask for your own way. It's because of you, Gohan-sensei, that we still have the Earth that we do. But you listen to me, Gohan-sensei! You take care of him next time with devastating power!"

"Yeah… I'll be sure to…" responded Gohan's voice.

Setsuna nodded. However, at the sound of machinery, the swordswoman turned her head to see Tullece chuckling as the hatch of the pod began to close. "Remember this well, you trash," Tullece said. "There won't be any more miracles. The next time we meet, I'll kill you all… You can look forward to that." And with that, the pod lifted from the ground and went up into space at incredible speeds.

Setsuna could only look on as the Saiyan pod began to decrease in size until; at last it was a tiny speck in the clear night sky. Setsuna began to wonder if she made the right decision. Of course, there was no way of knowing until Tullece would come back here to finish the job. But the Earth shouldn't worry too much as they had new protector named Son Gohan. Grabbing her sword to be used as a walking stick, she began to walk over where Gohan and the others were. As she walked, she heard a noise booming in the sky. Thinking that the Saiyan had come back, she immediately positioned herself in a fighting pose. Her worries, though, were not necessary when she realized that the incoming flying object was friendly as it was a flying train car that carried the name, 'Chao Bao Zi' on it.



* * *



A few minutes ago…

The ground was closer than I thought, Chao said to herself as she moved around, finally thinking that she was dead. However, many voices were being heard, causing Chao to wonder. The afterlife is pretty noisy! What the heck…? When Chao opened her eyes, she was met with an odd sight. She was looking at the faces of Akira, Yuna, Fumika, Misa, Konoka and Shiina. "Wha…?" was the most intelligent thing the Chinese genius could say. Looking down she saw her clothes were ripped and torn from the blast of Negi's earlier attack and her left braid was undone, letting her shoulder length hair flow.

"You okay, Chao-Lin?" Konoka asked.

"Huh? What's happening?" She sat up and noticed that they were still in the sky… upon Satsuki's flying train car, aka her restaurant. Ah! That's right, Chao said to herself. I put flight capabilities on the Chao Bao Zi train… just in case! As she glanced around, she saw that the giant robots were disappearing into thin air. Just as I have planned.

Down below, people were wondering what was going as the giant robots that weren't defeated by the Z Senshi were disappearing into thin air. Hakase was curious as to what was going on and so she decided to call upon the only person who could do this: Chachamaru! Hakase and Chao knew that Chachamaru was battling against Chisame and her new artifact on the net with the help of Makie and Ayaka. "Chachamaru, why did you let Chisame-san break through your defenses?" Hakase asked.

"Forgive me, Hakase," replied the robot girl on the monitor. "It was my understanding that we were finished when Chao-san was defeated by Negi-sensei. Before this plan started, Chao-san said… 'If I'm defeated in battle, accept the loss gracefully and stand down immediately.' She said that it would be the most dignified course of action. I have to wonder where she gets that stubbornness from? The instant Chao-san was defeated by Negi-sensei, we lost. In that moment, the commands contained within the Forced Recognition spell changed and became completely harmless."

And as a result, the column of light that was activated and turned out to be a giant firework so to speak as the bright lights illuminated the sky in a wonderful display. Hakase stared in awe at the sight, thinking on how Chao had left Mahora a wondrous victory gift and farewell gift to everyone. Chachamaru continued, "The content of the spell changed from 'Revealing the existence of magic' to 'May the world be a place of peace without hate or sadness for one day.'"

Hakase let out a sigh. "We spent two years working on this plan," she said. "I'd like to think we'd be allowed this much."

Meanwhile, back on the flying cart, Negi opened his eyes to see Chao standing upon the edge, looking down at the spectacle below. "Chao-san," muttered the boy teacher.

"Heh," chuckled the Chinese genius. "A revolutionary should not fear death when her ideals are crushed," Chao said with a smile on her face. "You have good friends, Negi-bozu. I give up. I and Tullece can't defeat Class 3-A." Negi let out a bright smile, happy that finally, Chao had admitted defeat. "Now, let's pick up Gohan-kun and the others. I'm sure that they would want to hear the news." Negi nodded in agreement. The train car then headed towards the direction of where Gohan and the others were to pick them up.



* * *



Later…

In the garden that was in front of the World Tree, various people that were hit by the displacement bullet were released and upon their release, they saw a massive picnic that the entire school was involved in. It was an awning site as multiple fireworks lit up the night sky. Various friendly fights broke out between the various clubs with Takamichi stepping in to stop the fighting. Goku and Vegeta, recently out of their fusion, began to have an eating contest with many of the Home Economics clubs cheering them on. However, a few minutes later, the cheering had turned into a gaping noise as everyone was surprised that the two Saiyans were still eating! It was a sight to behold for everyone.

Gohan and the others were recovering nice, thanks to healing magic of Konoka and the other mages. Konoka, of course, was worried sick. She hadn't heard anything from Asuna, Setsuna or Gohan. What was worse was when she saw everyone in their condition. Her heart almost fell out, literally. Thankfully, they weren't in too bad shape. However, Gohan was in worse shape than anyone else. He was going to need to either eat a Senzu bean or find Dende to heal himself completely. But despite the pain that he felt, Gohan was going to enjoy the festivities of the conclusion of MahoraFest like everyone else.

Taking a break himself from the partying, the demi-saiyan warrior sat down on the lawn and looked at the sight with a bright smile on his face. Hearing some footsteps approaching him, Gohan turned his head around to see Piccolo and Goku walking towards him. "Dad! Piccolo-san!" greeted the demi-saiyan.

"Hey Gohan," replied the Saiyan hero while Piccolo simply gave the demi-saiyan a nod.

"How are you holding up?" the Namekian asked.

"Still in pain, but a lot better than before," Gohan responded with a smile on his face. "Konoka-san and the other mages healed most of my injuries but I still need to see Dende or get some Senzu beans from Karin-sama."

"Once the party is over, I'll be sure to take you over to Kami-sama's temple with Instant Transmission," Goku stated. "That way, Dende will fix ya right up."

"Thanks Dad," responded the demi-saiyan as he turned his head to see the festivities once again, especially seeing Yuna being chased by Misa, Haruna and Misora over the 300 meal tickets that she won through the contest. Letting out a sigh, Gohan turned to his father and Piccolo with a bright smile on his face. "Thank you, Dad and Piccolo-san."

"What for Gohan?" asked the Saiyan hero.

"For protecting the students and helping Negi-san fight against Chao-san uninterrupted," Gohan replied. "I also heard about what you did, Piccolo-san and how you taught Kotarou-san his first lesson. How did he do?"

"Good, but he needs more training. His technique is still lacking," Piccolo stated. Gohan chuckled. Always the strict teacher, Gohan said to himself.

"That's good to hear," Gohan said. "I'm sure you already have something planned for him?" Piccolo nodded in response. That was all Gohan was going to get. He'd rather not know what Piccolo had in mind for the young hanyou. Suddenly, Gohan felt a soft pat on his shoulder from his father.

"I am very proud of you Gohan," Goku said.

"For what Dad?"

"On how you handled Tullece, especially on letting him escape. I know it must have been a hard fight and man I wish I could have been there to see it. Must have been exciting!"

Gohan looked a little dejected as he spoke. "Yeah, it sure was."

"What's the matter?" Goku asked.

Gohan let out a sigh. "I'm not sure if letting him go was the right decision," replied the demi-saiyan warrior. "When I spoke to Setsuna-san, I had told her to leave him be because I wanted to fight him again. I have been thinking since then that maybe that was the exhaustion doing the talking. I can't believe I said that to her. I must have been out of my mind."

"But maybe that is what you truly felt in your heart, Gohan. I know that you don't like fighting like we do but maybe somewhere deep in your heart, you felt differently after having fought against that Tullece guy," Goku explained. "You felt maybe that he was at a level that you wished to achieve and thus you had the urge to fight him again because it made you feel happy. That is what my gut tells me. Even though I'm not entirely sure about this kind of thing, I always trust my gut in every situation. You should do the same, Gohan. After all, you are my son. And besides, what you did in letting him go was the right thing to do."

"Dad…"

"I agree with Son," Piccolo spoke. "Gohan, I have known you since you were little. I know that you dislike fighting but just like Goku said, you must have felt differently when fighting against Tullece that caused you to say that to Setsuna. It could be your Saiyan blood or it couldn't. We don't know. Either way, we can't do anything about it now. The only thing you have to do now is train and get stronger so the next time you face him, you will come out victorious."

Gohan nodded. "Hai."

"That's my boy!" Goku said with a slap on Gohan's back which caused the demi-saiyan to wince in pain. Goku quickly apologized as he had forgotten that Gohan had used the Kaio-ken earlier and was still recovering from it. A few seconds later, the Saiyan hero glanced around. "Hey, have you seen Negi anywhere?"

Gohan perked up at Goku's question. "Now that you mention it…" The demi-saiyan warrior began to look around as he stood up. He told his dad and Piccolo that he was going to search for the boy teacher and after a few minutes of searching, he found the boy teacher standing across from Chao. He had heard about the battle between Negi and the Chinese genius and decided to join in their conversation.

Negi didn't notice the demi-saiyan approaching as he stared intently at Chao, while on the other hand the Chinese genius had seen Gohan walking towards their position. Before Negi could utter a word, the Chinese genius interrupted her. "Hello there, Gohan-kun," Chao said.

Negi immediately turned around. "Gohan-san!"

The demi-saiyan waved at the two. "Hey you two."

"Gohan-san, how are your injuries?" asked the boy teacher.

"They are okay, though I'm still in some pain. Nothing that a Senzu bean will fix," Gohan said with a Son grin on his face. Negi beamed brightly, happy that Gohan was all right.

"I'm impressed Gohan-kun," Chao spoke up. "I didn't think that you would actually win against Tullece."

"Well, I didn't do it alone," Gohan said. "My very special friends helped me out. Just like with Negi-san." And sure enough, the girls of Class 3-A that knew about Gohan's and Negi's abilities and had fought appeared on the spot. Setsuna, Asuna, Haruna, Nodoka, Yue, Ku Fei, Kaede, Konoka, Kazumi and even Chisame were present. Even the Z senshi appeared as well.

"I see," Chao said as she glance at the crowd that had recently appeared. However, she had a dejected look on her face that Gohan immediately picked up on. Gohan knew that something was troubling the Chinese genius.

"So you are still planning to leave?" Gohan questioned. Chao's eyes widened at Gohan's question, surprised that Gohan knew what Chao was planning to do. "I know all about your fight with Negi-san. So is it really true? Even after defeat, you still plan to leave us?"

Chao nodded. "Yes," she replied. "My plan, which meant the world to me, has failed. I don't have a reason to stay." Gohan was about to say otherwise but was interrupted by his companion, Negi Springfield.

"Chao-san, I would like to ask you a question," Negi said. "It's about the magical runes that were placed on your body. You didn't do that to yourself, right?" Chao didn't respond which could only mean one thing to the boy teacher. "I knew it. What you did was utter insanity! That spell can eat away at your flesh and soul to generate magical power. It's madness! Who would do something like that to you? Why?"

"Chao-san, what happened to you in your past?" added the demi-saiyan as he also wished to know more. "Is your past the reason you proceeded with your plans?"

The Chinese genius chuckled. "Heh heh… I can't tell you about the future."

"Chao-san!" exclaimed Negi.

"Negi-bozu, Gohan-kun," Chao said. "Knowing a person's past doesn't mean you'll understand them. If you want to know about me, go read a history textbook or watch the latest news. My past is no different from the countless tragedies that happen every on this planet."

"Chao-san…" trailed both Negi and Gohan in unison.

"You two have won. That should be enough," Chao said as she took out her time watch. "Didn't I tell you before, Negi-bozu? We have nothing more to talk about. Now, with this…"

Negi's eyes widened as he realized that it was Cassiopeia unit 2 while Gohan realized that it was the same one that Chao gave him during his trip in the future. Negi needed to act quickly but, before Chao could activate the time watch, the Cassiopeia disappeared from her hand! Both the boy teacher and Chinese genius had surprised looks on their faces. "Don't tell me you're leaving without telling them goodbye?" Gohan asked as he was twirling the chain of the watch in his hand. Negi smiled brightly, thankful to Gohan for stopping Chao from disappearing. However, grabbing the watch from Chao didn't come without a price. Gohan immediately felt the effects of using his super speed to stop Chao in his condition as pain shot throughout his body.

Letting out a sigh of relief as well as having grabbed Chao's attention, the demi-saiyan warrior then nodded over to the four people who appeared with them. On the pillar opposite them, Satsuki and Ku stood together, while flying above them was Chachamaru holding onto Satomi. On the ground below everyone who is on Negi's team were watching attentively.

"Everyone..." Chao whispered.

"You lied when you said your plan was everything to you. I'm sure it's not a faraway dream," Negi stated with a smile on his face. "Chao-san… won't you consider working on becoming a magister magi along with me? And live in this time? If you're willing to stay and strive to change the future, then I won't let anyone speak against you." Gohan smiled at the boy teacher's comments. Well done, Negi-san, Gohan said to himself.

Chao pondered on that possibility. "Yes. That's not a bad future," Chao said closing her eyes.

"Does that mean you are going to stay here and graduate with the others?" Gohan asked.

"Nope, I'm going home." This had everyone face fault, including Gohan and his friends except for Vegeta and Piccolo of course.

When Negi recovered, he asked, "Why Chao-san?"

"Ha ha ha! Do you really mean what you said?" Chao asked. "You practically confessed your love to me."

"Eh?" everyone, including Gohan and the Z Senshi, said at the same time. Well, except for Piccolo who had trouble understanding the concept of love.

"In the world of mages, asking someone to become a magister magi together is like asking someone to become your life partner. That's not kosher to say to a blood relative. Don't you think, Negi-bozu?" As she said this she was cupping the red head's face, causing him to blush profusely.

"Wait just a moment here Chao!" Asuna shouted.

"We're standing here listening and you give us this crap!" Haruna hollered.

"Ahahaha! Don't get angry, I'm only kidding," Chao happily claimed. Gohan then thwacked (softly of course) her on the back of the head.

"Don't joke around like that, you'll give them a heart attack," Gohan scolded the Chinese genius as she massaged her head. He pointed over to Nodoka and Yue who were blushing profusely.

"Hehehe sorry."

"Chao-san! I wasn't kidding. I'm totally serious about it!" Negi begged of her.

"That's even worse, Negi-bozu," Chao said as she bonked him on the head. "I'll pretend I didn't hear that. Save that line for someone more important to you."

"Chao-san! Why do you have to be so stubborn?" questioned the boy teacher.

"Enough! Honestly, do we have to settle this by force?" She then put on her game face and smirked. "Fine. I'll have to use my secret weapon. It's the greatest weapon that I have to use against you." Everyone was trembling from fear as she put up a malicious aura. Even Gohan was starting to feel a little anxious. "I could have used it for our final showdown and won. It was too dangerous so I decided to seal it away."

"Ch-Chao-san?" Negi stuttered. Gohan didn't like where this was going, especially when he wasn't fully recovered from his battle against Tullece. If Chao had something planned, he didn't want everyone, including his friends, to get involved. After all, this was a matter between teacher and student.

"Heh. This ultimate psychological weapon from the future will surely destroy the bond you have with your comrades. Let me show you the weapon." Gohan, Asuna, Setsuna, Goku, Kuririn and everyone (except for Vegeta of course) were all prepared for any attack coming their way, fearing that it might be soemthing bad. But they were surprised when she pulled out a book from her back pocket, "LOOK!" On the cover of the book, it said 'The Chao Family Tree'.

Everyone was dumbfounded at the appearance of the book, including Gohan and the Z Senshi! "The Chao Family…Tree?" Gohan read.

"You're my ancestor, Negi-bozu. That means that you got married and had children. Meaning your future wife's name is listed in here." It took a few seconds for everyone to realise that this book was indeed the ultimate weapon! Negi, however didn't realize it but he could have if he had seen everyone's reaction. Gohan's jaw literally was on the floor gaping. Kuririn couldn't help but fall down to the floor laughing at the situation. Haruna literally dropped her jaw along with Setsuna and Kazumi, Yue and Nodoka were looking at the book as if it was some mysterious treasure, Konoka was clapping her hands and Asuna's face looked like it was the end of the world. Not only that Chachamaru, Ku Fei, Ayaka and Makie all heard it too.

"This is bad all around! Negi-kun, protect that book!" Kazumi shouted. But before anyone could do anything, Haruna swooped in on one of her summoned pictures, in the shape of a bird, and took it.

"S-Such a dangerous thing," she said. "I must be the one to destroy it!"

"Paru, you liar!" shouted Asuna.

"Not only does that book list the name of Negi-bozu's wife, it also lists when he gets married as well as details like the number of children he'll have," Chao told them with a smile on her face. Everyone present at the moment was trembling from anxiety. That was when Chao delivered the final blow. "Also, Gohan-kun's family should be in there as well, seeing he marries into our family." Gohan face faulted as he knew what was going to happen next. Kuririn kept pounding on the ground in laughter while the rest of the Z Senshi stood dumbfounded by what Chao said.

The chaos that had started only got worse as Chisame's eyes widened at the sight and looked at the book as well as a few other girls. Soon a battle for the book started with Chao laughing at the ruckus the girls made. It took approximately 57 seconds for the entire Negi party to fall apart.

Chao was chuckling at the sight until Gohan stopped her with bonk on her head. "That wasn't very nice," Gohan said.

"I know but it is true," Chao responded with a smile on her face. "You may marry into Negi-bozu's family."

"I'll remember that," Gohan said with a dreaded look on his face. He rather wouldn't know about that information anyways.

"It seems like I have to go," Chao said.

"Do you really have to go, Chao-san?" Negi asked.

"Yes, but this is a lovely farewell. I thank you for that, Negi-bozu and Gohan-kun. This is far more than I could ask for."

"Are you really sure about this?" Negi questioned once again. "Chao-san, you didn't get–"

"No," interrupted the Chinese genius. "Don't worry, Negi-bozu. I've achieved my wish."

This drew a curious look on the demi-saiyan's face. "What do you mean by that?" Gohan asked.

"My plan failed, but I'm still alive. Therefore, I must return to my own battlefield." Chao looked at the boy teacher one last time as various magic circles appeared in the sky. The Chinese genius was quickly enveloped by a column of light. "Negi-bozu, you stay here and fight your own battles. And Gohan-kun…" Chao turned to the other teacher, "keep getting stronger. You take care of my greatest ancestor for me." Gohan nodded. Chao then activated her time machine and multiple spell circles appeared in the sky. "Satsuki, take care of Chao Boa Zi for me, as I leave you everything."

"Leave it to me," Satsuki replied.

Looking at Chachamaru and Hakase, Chao spoke. "Thank you both for your hard work. Hakase, deal with the over technology of the future as well as Tullece's resources like we discussed. Regarding the battle data from before…"

"Chao-san, I'll take care of everything," Hakase replied.

"Chachamaru," Chao said. "You're a free unit as of now. Live your life as you wish."

"I understand," Chachamaru replied. "Thank you Chao Lingshen."

Chao then looked to the side and nodded towards where Eva stood. She then looked at Ku Fei. "One day, we'll spar again!"

"For sure!" Ku shot back.

"So long Negi-bouzu, Gohan-kun, let us all meet again one day! Zaijian!" Chao said waving her arms. Gohan just nodded, and Negi did too.

"Yes! One day let's meet again!" Negi shouted. And with a flash of light that shot into the sky, Chao was gone. Negi and Gohan stood next to each other until sunrise; just looking at the spot where Chao had disappeared. "She really is gone," Negi repeated to himself. Everyone was watching the two.

"Yeah," Gohan sighed. "She was a strong woman." Negi nodded in agreement. Gohan let out a small smile. "But then again that's because she had you as a teacher."

Negi looked at the demi-saiyan curiously. "But I didn't do anything to help her."

"That is not true!" Ku shouted. "You let her have happy memories of this time so don't worry about it Negi-bozu."

Negi smiled. "Yeah."

The air around was quiet for second, until a loud grumbling was heard. Everyone turned to the one person who could produce such a loud stomach growl: Son Gohan! "Hehehehe," chuckled the demi-saiyan with a blush of embarrassment on his face. "Looks like I'm hungry."

"I'd say," Asuna responded. "Glad we brought all this food. Be sure to not eat it all."

"Sure," Gohan nodded. As he was walking towards Asuna and the others, they heard another loud stomach grumble. Well, more accurately, four more stomach growls coming from Goku, Goten, Trunks and Vegeta. "Umm, do you have enough food for them as well?" Gohan asked.

"Sure we do!" Konoka said with a bright smile on her face. "After all, it wouldn't be a party without Gohan-kun's friends!"

"Yatta! Let's eat!" Goten and Trunks yelled in unison as all the Saiyans quickly went to the picnic area to eat. As soon as the after party began, everyone was in awe at the sight of the Saiyans eating. They cleaning out plates like their lives depended on it.

"Same old thing," Asuna stated as this didn't surprise her anymore.

While eating with his mouth full, Goku noticed some sashimi on a plate. "Hey!" Gulping his food, Goku grabbed it. Noticing that it was in front of Vegeta, the Saiyan hero asked, "Don't want this, Vegeta?" Without even waiting for a response, Goku ate the sashimi! Vegeta was pissed; some of his veins were popping out in anger!

"You idiot!" yelled the Prince of Saiyans. "I was saving that sushi for last!"

"Oh, my mistake," Goku responded with a smile on his face. "Sorry." In retaliation, Vegeta ate some of Goku's food. "Ah! Vegeta! That was my Chashu Pork!"

"Well, you had it coming!" Vegeta said angrily.

"I was saving that for the end!"

"Don't incur my wrath now!"

"I thought we were friends!" Goku said angrily as he transformed into a Super Saiyan, getting surprised looks from the Negi party while Gohan and the other Z Senshi kept on eating like nothing was wrong.

Vegeta transformed into a Super Saiyan in response. "You thought wrong!" As the two began to argue among themselves, Gohan and Negi couldn't help but smile at what was going around them. While Negi thinking about something else, Gohan had wished that this feeling of peace and happiness could last forever and that nothing was going to stop it from it being disturbed.



* * *



Author's note: Hey everybody! Hope you all enjoyed the chapter especially the little Asuna (Imperial Princess mode) vs Tullece. That was done on purpose ever since Hyp3rB14d3 posted a review on chapter 27 when Asuna has the same memory relapse. I had thought a lot about on what he said and some of it made sense. So, I decided to add that bit in this chapter. Hope you all enjoyed it. But anyways here is my announcement.

This past week, some bad things happened to my personal life. No family deaths just to let you know, but I won't go into much detail. As a result, I am going to take a break for a few weeks, maybe even longer, to recharge my batteries and maybe write some more chapters. Don't worry, I will continue this story as I enjoy it a lot but I need some real life time for myself. Hopefully, I will get to post another chapter soon but who knows. I know some people will get sappy about this since some of them will feel like I am asking for pity but I felt like telling you guys the truth. You guys have stuck around with me for more than a year and that means a lot to me. I really enjoy reading your reviews so keep them coming.

I'll see ya guys around! Peace!





*Chapter 47*: A Proposition from an Old Friend!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. See chapter 1 for details.

Author's note: Hey everybody! How you all doing? Me, I am doing a lot better than before. That break really helped me out as things are really going well for me. Thank you all for your words of encouragement. They really helped. So keep them coming as they keep giving me energy to write more chapters!

I want to thank Gokai Entertainment for beta read this chapter. Now, let me present to you all Chapter 47 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 47: Look out Son Gohan! A Proposition from an Old Friend!

Sometime during the day after the festival, deep within the tunnels of library island, in front of the gates that led to Albireo's house stood Negi, Asuna, Konoka and Setsuna. Setsuna came with an assortment of weapons, namely various blades on her back, while Asuna had her sword out as well. In front of them stood the dragon that had hunted them down since the first time Negi came down there. Nervously putting his hand into his pocket, the red head took out a piece of paper with the words "Invitation for Mr. Negi Springfield." The dragon took one look at it, nodded it large head and flew away.

The group then let out a collective sigh of relief. "Thank God we didn't have to fight that thing," Asuna said aloud as they walked through the doors.

"I agree. We'd be in serious trouble if we had to fight something like that," Setsuna replied. When they got through they were met by a breath taking sight. In front of the group stood Albireo's oddly shaped house, and its surroundings of large trees and waterfalls.

"Wow..." Konoka said in wonder taking in the beauty of the sight. "This is a place you can guess a mage would live in." Everyone nodded their heads in agreement. They climbed up some stairs that lead to the front door and entered.

"Man this place is full of books," Asuna grumbled as they passed by numerous shelves.

"I wonder where Ku:Nel-san is?" Konoka said.

'I'm over here,'Albireo said in all of the guests' minds. Following the voice the group came up to a terrace to find Albireo smiling at them, with Eva siting on a floating ball next to him. "Welcome to my tea party, I've been waiting for you."

"Took you long enough," Eva said to them and took a sip of tea. "Where is the idiot assistant?"

"He said he would be coming shortly," Negi replied. "But I wonder where he is."

"Probably training again," Asuna muttered. "Ever since the end of MahoraFest, he has done nothing but training. Seriously, he needs to take a break."

"Gohan-sensei is probably preparing himself for Tullece's return Asuna-san," Setsuna stated. "After all, Gohan-sensei did let the Saiyan escape with his life. But I have to agree with you, he is pushing a bit too hard."

"Why did Gohan-kun let that man go?" Konoka asked the group.

"That, Konoka-san, is something that you should ask himself yourself. But don't think that Gohan-kun won't come. He will, I promise," Albireo said as he welcomed his guests.

Negi cleared his throat and got the attention of the hooded man. "Um, Ku:Nel...no Albireo-san..."

"Negi-kun!" Albireo shouted.

"Uh! Y-Yes?"

"I believe that I had requested to be called Ku:Nel Sanders." Negi nodded as he noticed a strong aura surrounding Albireo. It was best not to deny the man's request, even if it was a strange one. To the others it was apparent that Albireo had enjoyed a certain finger lickin' good restaurant a little too much.

"Now, now, let's take this conversation up there, where we can sit and eat some food," Albireo suggested and everyone nodded.

"Hmph. What's with that pathetic excuse for a name, Al?" Eva asked. "You adopted that name after liking their fried chicken during one of your trips, didn't you?" However, Albireo ignored the vampire as he stood still for a few seconds. "Hey Al! Albiero Imma! Are you listening to me?" Albireo continued to ignore the vampire until finally she had enough. "Ku:Nel…"

"What is it, Kitty?" the sarcastic librarian asked.

Immediately, Eva grabbed Albireo's neck and began to shake it around. "Don't call me that!" Eva really hated that nickname. However, Albireo had good reason to give her such a nickname. After all, Eva's full name was Evangeline Athanasia Kitty McDowell, hence the reason why Albireo kept giving that nickname to Eva.

Albireo couldn't help but laugh at Eva's reaction to the nickname. "It's adorable." As this was all happening Negi, Setsuna and Asuna all had one thought in their mind. 'What is wrong with these two?' Konoka on the other hand was laughing and smiling at the duo. To her they were just having good innocent fun, even at the expense of Eva's pride and sanity.

After all the theatrics and comedy was said and done, the group sat around a table full of different types of sweets, fruits and teas. "Delicious! So this is the Red Dragon Well tea, also known as Jiu Qu Hong Mei? It's sweet and fresh, with a hint of plum blossom," Negi commented on the cup of tea he was drinking. "It's fantastic!"

"You think so? I have many other kinds of tea too," Albireo said. "I'll give you some to take with you. However, there is one problem."

"And what is that Ku:Nel-san?" Setsuna asked.

"I have all this food here and no one to eat it. I wonder who could eat all of this before it went bad," Albireo commented as he motioned to the large table that suddenly appeared behind his arm sleeve. This large table had various assortments of foods that included large pieces of meat, sweets, everything! By time they had inspected the table, Asuna, Setsuna, Konoka and Negi knew that there could only one person that who could eat this: Son Gohan! And sure enough, sitting behind this large table was the demi-saiyan warrior.

The group went wide-eyed. "Gohan/-san/-kun/-sensei!" they exclaimed. The demi-saiyan looked up at the group and waved hello as he continued to eat. All of them sweat-dropped at the sight as they watched Gohan gulped down various foods. However, this didn't stop Asuna from confronting the demi-saiyan. "Where the hell have you been?"

"Hi Asuna-san," Gohan greeted the orange haired girl with his usual Son grin as he swallowed his food. "I didn't notice you guys were here. I was just hungry."

"Well, you could have told us that you were coming. We thought that you were training."

"He was," Albireo stated. "But I made him an offer that he couldn't refuse." Eva immediately knew what it was. After all, it was thanks to her that Albireo was able to meet up with the demi-saiyan at her resort.

"Anyways, now that we are all here, there is something that I want to ask the boya," Eva said as she stared at the boy teacher while sipping her tea. "What's your take on the latest incident? "

"Huh?" Negi replied. Gohan stopped eating as he wanted to hear what Negi had to say as well. After all, it was a huge experience for the boy teacher.

"Did you learn anything from it?" Negi nodded his head and took a deep breath.

"I learned… where I stand and what I stand for. I should have known this before Chao-san told me. You were right, Master. I have to get dirty. I don't think we're so pure to begin with." Setsuna had a serious look on her face, Asuna had food in her mouth and Konoka looked confused by the whole thing.

Gohan, meanwhile, let out a small smirk, impressed that Negi learned something so deep at such a young age. At the same time, he couldn't help but think of himself when he was Negi's age. Fighting against very powerful opponents like Freeza and the Artificial Human Cell had left profound experiences for the demi-saiyan.

Eva let out a small chuckle. "Chao Lingshen proved to be a good lesson. It's not easy to teach that… to a naïve and sheltered, yet straight-forward and talented, young man like you. That's right, Boya. You'll see that evil acts come with life and living. The way this world works, no one can escape this fact. 'Evil' is the way of this world. Do you see that now?" Eva crackled some more before being hit softly in the head by none other than the demi-saiyan himself. "What was that for?"

"Don't go misleading Negi-san," Gohan responded. "It is true that sometimes that we must do evil acts in order to preserve the peace but there is always a choice." Turning to the boy teacher, he said, "Negi-san, what Evangeline-san says is partially true as I was taught the same thing by Piccolo-san who was formerly a bad guy but you must realize that you have a choice. Just like my father taught me, there is always a choice."

"As expected of Evangeline and Gohan-kun," Albireo complimented the vampire and the demi-saiyan. "Being able to guide an honest young man this far. You two have done an excellent job so far. But what I am most impressed is with Evangeline. I guess there's some benefit in having an 'evil master'. I'm impressed. The son of a great hero is learning to be the great evil mage. Perhaps he's the successor to the title of Dark Evangeline."

"It's nothing like that," responded the vampire. "Besides what's with you! Don't go butting into the education policies of others! The brat is the one who said he wanted to become my apprentice you know! I'm free to do whatever I want."

"Hahaha, you are right. Please excuse me." Then Albireo turned towards Negi. "Well, with that recognition, what will you do from now on?"

"What do you mean Ku:Nel-san?" replied the boy teacher.

"What Ku:Nel-san is trying to say Negi-san, is that will all of this knowledge that you have gain in these few months, what do you have planned for your future?" Gohan added to Albireo's question.

"I… I still want to become a Magister Magi! Now that I've stopped Chao-san's plan, I can't falter or stop now, especially when Tullece will be coming back. I have to keep moving forward and prepare myself. After all, there is always someone stronger out there. I may not be taking the same path as my father, but I want to become a respectable mage. I still want to help as many people as I can. Is that weird?" Negi asked the demi-saiyan.

Gohan smiled. "It's not weird at all. I think it's a great answer."

"I have to agree with Gohan-kun. It was a marvelous answer," Albireo said. "But if that is the case Negi-kun... you should become my disciple, Negi-kun." From her place on the couch, Evangeline spat out her tea.

"WHAT!" Eva shouted. "Hold on a second, Albireo Imma!"

"I mean as a teacher she's no good," Albireo stated out as in as a matter of fact tone. "That's just between you and me. If you study under her for too long, you'll be wasting your life."

"What the hell did you say!" Eva screamed.

"I can teach you the Thousand Master's fighting style better than she can," Albireo continued on as if Evangeline hadn't spoken at all. "Evangeline's spells are ice-based. She's not a good match to teach wind-based spells." Eva's jaw dropped in disbelief and her face red with anger.

"I can hear you, Albireo Imma! Come on, Al!"

"What do you think about gravity-based spells? They are quite versatile, you know…" By name Eva was shaking in fury, while Negi just thought the whole thing over with awe in his eyes.

"Ku:Nel!" Eva shouted.

"Yes, Kitty?" Albireo replied with a bright smile on his face which caused Eva to gain a tick mark on her forehead. She then dragged the former hooded man away and started to shout in his face.

"What are you doing!"

"I'm just helping Negi-kun see other possibilities to learn," Albireo said. "But I had no idea you were so in love with Negi-kun. I would have thought you liked our special friend," Albireo stated, motioning his eyes towards a particular demi-saiyan, completely oblivious to Albireo's comment.

Eva's face turned redder when Albireo made mention on that fact. She had hoped that it wouldn't come out. "S-Stop jabbering, you lecherous idiot! What are you after! Why the hell would you want Negi as your disciple!"

"My objective?" Albireo responded. "Why, it's so I can see you flip out and lose it, of course!"

"DIE!" Eva threw a punch at Albireo. However, her punch went right through him.

"It's quite a treat to see you in a jealous rage."

"I'M NOT IN A JEALOUS RAGE!" In the background of this 'historic' fight stood a confused Negi and Gohan while the three girls were just sipping tea merrily.

"He's really toying with Eva-chan, isn't he?" Asuna said as she drank her tea.

"They're natural enemies, huh?" Setsuna pointed out. Konoka just laughed at what the two were doing.

"It's kinda like a little boy picking on a girl he likes."

After a few minutes of fighting, Eva and Albireo were able to calm themselves down. Well, mostly on Eva's part as Albireo had enjoyed every minute of it. During that time, Negi, Asuna, Konoka and Setsuna had finished their teas and sweets and had started to wake around. Gohan had also finished his meal as vast assortment of dirty plates laid before him. After thanking for the meal, Gohan stood up and went next to Negi as he noticed the look on the boy teacher's face. "Uhm… Ku:Nel-san… about the main reason I came here…"

"I know why you have come here Negi-kun, but there is also something else on your mind isn't there?" Albireo asked.

Negi nodded. "During our fight against Chao-san and Tullece, the evil Saiyan mentioned something about the Calicem Crystallinum and also something about Planet Minera. What exactly is the Calicem Crystallinum?" Gohan frowned his eyebrows as his face also turned serious. After the party at the end of MahoraFest had ended, Negi had told the demi-saiyan everything that Tullece had spoken of, including the Calicem Crystallinum and Planet Minerva. Gohan looked at Albireo with curiosity.

"I was afraid that the Saiyan had found out about that," Albireo said as he also turned serious. "To think that he had known about such an object. Chao must have done a lot of research on mages for Tullece to find out about it so quickly."

"What is the Calicem Crystallinum Ku:Nel-san?" Asuna asked.

"The Calicem Crystallinum is an object of great power. It is a collection of crystals that are formed together. Although I have never seen it personally, but the copy that was given to the Thousand Master looked like a diamond star sphere that could fit in the palm of your hand. However, I learned that the Calicem Crystallinum that we received was in fact a copy of one piece of the real Calicem Crystallinum."

"A piece?" Everyone exclaimed.

"What do you mean?" Setsuna asked.

"Legend says that there used to be one Calicem Crystallinum in existence," explained Albiero. "It was a huge diamond star as it was said to hold all of the mystical and magical energies of the universe. An ancient tribe had discovered it on Mundus Magicus during a time where the civilization was just starting to grow out of its infancy. This ancient tribe had an incredible vast of magic at their disposal. Once they realized about the potency of the object that they had discovered, they built a shrine around it, and protected the crystal star by placing it at the hands of their most sacred god, the Queen Fairy of Mundus Magica. This queen was said to be its eternal guardian and thus would be protected. As a result, the tribe enjoyed years of prosperity. Even the other tribes of Mundus Magicus were affected by the crystal's power. Everything was going well for Mundus Magicus's populace until one day, evil paid a visit in form of greed and power.

"One tribe had been hit by great misfortune and badly needed a miracle. The shaman of the tribe called upon the tribe's most powerful warriors to take the Calicem Crystallinum back to their own shrine. But the shaman had an ulterior motive. He was motivated by greed and wanted to use the crystals' power for his own selfish gain. And the warriors stormed the temple but not without consequence as suddenly, they were all defeated. No one knows for sure what happened but some say that the crystal had granted the shaman's selfish wish but not without consequence as he too died.

"Fearing that another attack would come, the tribe had to ensure that this power would not be used for the evil. Thus, they had moved to a different planet using a special transport and once they had arrived, they were able to divide the Calicem Crystallinum into seven pieces representing the elements of magic. They were separated into the Fire crystal, the Water crystal, the Wind crystal, the Earth crystal, the Ice Crystal, the Light Crystal and the Dark Crystal. After the separation of the crystals, they were scattered across the globe. Separately, the crystals were useless, but when all seven were united, then a single voice could summon the Queen Fairy Mother for one wish, and one wish only. And this wish was said to be more powerful than any wish asked for. And because of that, the tribal leaders are waiting for the day that a hero will come to use the Calicem Crystallinum for goodness, and bring peace and unity to the universe once more."

As soon as Albireo finished the story, everyone was silent for a few moments as they were still taking all of this information. Negi, Gohan and the girls suddenly realized why Tullece was so insistent on knowing about the Calicem Crystallinum. He wanted to use its power. But if that were the case… Gohan needed to make sure. "Ku:Nel-san, I have a question."

"What is it Gohan-kun?"

"If Tullece wanted the Calicem Crystallinum for its wish granting power, why couldn't he go get the Dragon Balls?" asked the demi-saiyan.

"That is a good question Gohan-kun. From what I understand about the Dragon Balls is that they are similar to that of the Calicem Crystallinum," Albireo replied. "However, the Calicem Crystallinum is a much powerful object. It can grant any wish, including those of killing of another person."

"Really!" Everyone exclaimed.

Albireo nodded. "Yes. Gohan-kun, it's true that Dragon Balls have formidable powers in granting wishes. However, its power cannot exceed those of its creator, Kami-sama. I am sure you knew about that already." Gohan nodded, especially during the aftermath of the fight against Vegeta all those years ago.

"Should we go and stop Tullece then?" Setsuna asked. "If he knows the planet on which the Calicem Crystallinum is located in, wouldn't he go there to grant his wish?"

"I highly doubt that Tullece will be able to find anything," Albireo stated. "The residents of Minerva are powerful magic practitioners. Based on his battle power that I witnessed, Tullece wouldn't be able to get very far."

"I see," Negi said. "So you are saying that we shouldn't worry ourselves then?"

"Not entirely. I'm just saying that you all be cautious if you were to go to Mundus Magicus."

"What do you mean?" Gohan asked, curious as to what Albireo was trying to refer to. But the boy teacher, Negi, immediately knew to what Albireo was talking about.

"Is it true then?" Negi asked.

Albireo nodded. "It is true. Your father is still alive I can guarantee you that."

"YES!" the girls cheered.

The demi-saiyan let out a smile, happy to hear such great news. "That's so great isn't Negi-san?" Gohan said.

"Y-yes!" He then turned to his father's old friend. "Where is he?"

"That I do not know," Albireo answered.

"T-then how do you know he's still alive?"

"That's because of this," Albireo replied pulling out a card.

"Is that a pactio card?" Gohan questioned.

Albireo nodded. "Indeed it is Gohan-kun. This is the card between me and the Thousand Master. This card is 'alive.' This is proof that he's still alive. However, when a card dies," Albireo pulled out several other cards that looked like his current one, but missing many, many details, "they look like this."

"At least we know he's still alive. Do you have any leads?" Gohan asked.

"Not from me. However if you want to find him, you should head back to Wales. Over there is the door that leads to Mundus Magicus, the Magical World." Suddenly, around Negi, a violent tornado appeared. In the eye was Negi, with a determined smile on his face. After a moment, it died down and he looked at everyone. His eyes were sparkling and he had a happy demeanor on his face.

"Well, then I'm off!" Negi said. This caused everyone to face fault except for Albireo. As he did a quick step, Gohan appeared and grabbed him by the collar of his suit.

"And where do you think you're going?" Gohan asked in a deadpanned voice.

"Do you even know where you're going?" Eva asked appearing next to the raven haired demi-saiyan. "Besides do you think you can just waltz over there?'

"Yeah! Geez, whenever it comes to your father, you just lose sight of everything around you!" Asuna reprimanded him.

"B-but I can't just stand around doing nothing..." Negi defended himself.

"Well, you can help me teach the girls for their final exams."

"I almost forgot about those!"

"Fufu... You'll just have to wait 'til graduation or summer break," Albireo said.

"Uh… Ku:Nel-san? Will you at least tell me about my father today?" Negi asked.

Albireo nodded. "Sure. I can tell you what I know."

"GOOD AFTERNOON EVERYONE!" a voice suddenly called out. Everyone turned towards the entrance and saw that everyone from team Negi has appeared, even dragging along Chisame. They then started to eat and party like they usually do.

"My, my, I forgot I invited them too," Albireo sighed. He then looked at Negi who was crying anime style tears. "I don't think we'll find anywhere quiet, so let's take a rain check." Negi nodded in disappointment but at least he found about that his suspicions were true. His father was indeed still alive. Gohan smiled at the change of Negi's facial expression as he welcomed the newcomers in.



* * *



A few days later…

After the tea party with Albireo, life in Mahora was getting back to normal. Well normal to the standards of the students at Mahora Academy as they all were rushing towards the school in order not to get tardy. Asuna, Setsuna, Konoka and Negi were in that group as all of them were rushing towards the school. "We're late! We're late!" screamed Negi as he ran. "I'm going to miss the faculty meeting!"

"It feels like we haven't rushed like this in a while," Asuna commented.

"The school festival was super intense!" added Konoka. "We had to do stuff over a few times."

As the four of them continued to rush towards the school, Negi looked up in the sky, deep in thinking. This of course drew suspicion from Asuna as it probably had to do the discussion that they had with Albireo during the tea party. But before Asuna could ask anything, all four of them noticed a familiar figure running towards them. A tall raven haired man with an exasperated look on his face; Son Gohan!

"Gohan-san!" greeted first the boy teacher as he waved at his assistant. However, he wondered why the demi-saiyan was heading away from the school instead going towards it. Didn't he also have to attend that same meeting?

Upon hearing the boy teacher, Gohan's eyes focused on Negi's voice and greeted him in kind. "Hey Negi-san! What are yo–Waah!" Suddenly and without warning, Gohan was tackled to the ground by a hug from Konoka. This completely took him by surprise and he wasn't the only one too. Asuna and Setsuna slightly blushed at the sight.

"Hi Gohan-kun," Konoka said as she cuddled against the demi-saiyan's chest.

"H-Hi Konoka-san," Gohan stuttered, obviously embarrassed at the scene. And before anyone could draw suspicion, Gohan immediately stood up and pushed back Konoka slightly so as to not draw attention. "Hi Asuna-san, Setsuna-san! Good morning!"

"G-Good morning Gohan/-sensei," stuttered both the orange haired girl and the swordswoman as they were a bit shy in seeing the demi-saiyan warrior again. The air around them grew a bit silent amongst the chattering and noise coming from people as they rushed by them. Luckily, Negi was able to break the silence as he noticed a bit of sweat on Gohan's head.

"Gohan-san, is something wrong?"

The demi-saiyan jerked a bit. "Well…"

"GOHAN-SENSEI!" screamed a voice. Well, to be more accurate, voices as the group saw a massive group of people heading towards them! It was a crowd of reporters! Asuna, Negi, and Setsuna were a bit surprised at seeing such a crowd approaching while Konoka just simply smiled at the scene. "Gohan-sensei! May we ask a few questions?"

Gohan looked exasperated at the commotion as the crowd of reporters had finally reached him. "Uh, um…" Gohan became easily nervous, unsure on how to respond to the various comments and questions coming the crowd.

"Gohan-sensei," a reporter said, "your exploits during the Mahora Festival's Martial Arts Tournament and the academy wide event has increased your popularity to unimaginable levels! What do you have to say to that?" Gohan was not sure on how to respond.

Negi immediately realized why Gohan was heading the opposite direction; he was trying to get away from this crowd! Negi knew that he also had to avoid them as well if he was to get to the meeting on time. But as luck would have it, his mere presence drew their attention towards him. "Hey look, it's Negi-sensei!"

"Wah!" Negi sounded as the crowd closed in on Gohan and Negi together. He looked at the demi-saiyan for help. "G-Gohan-san…"

"Don't look at me Negi-san," the demi-saiyan muttered. "I am in the same predicament as you are." Suddenly, more people came into the fray as students and fellow Mahora residents stopped by and took pictures of Gohan and Negi together.

"Negi-sensei and Gohan-sensei," another reporter spoke up amongst the massive crowd, "how is your work relationship? After all, you two must be good friends."

"Well… um…"

"We'd like to do an in-depth feature on two of the candidates that are sure to be nominated for Mahora Academy's Person of the Year Award. Do you mind answering some questions?"

"Uhhh…"

"Gohan-sensei, housewives are dazzled by your heroic acts! We'd like to have you pose for our magazine cover! We also want you to play the lead role in an upcoming movie slated for a Christmas release!" The questions kept on coming in as more and more people joined the crowd to ask Gohan and Negi.

"What is this?" Setsuna questioned as she was pushed aside by the crowd.

"It looks like things will be busy for a while," Konoka commented with a bright smile on her face, happy to see that Gohan and Negi were getting lots of attention.

"Gohan-kun sure has gotten popular," Yuna commented jealously as she and some of her classmates watched the scene.

"And so has Negi-kun," added Ako. "After everything they have done, it's no wonder that they have gotten popular. Every year, the person who's most active during the school festival gets their 15 minutes of fame. Maybe Negi-kun will become a celebrity and won't have time for us anymore."

"There's nothing to worry about," Makie said. "Negi-kun wouldn't forget about his class and I am sure Gohan-sensei wouldn't either."

"Well, I hope you are right," sighed Yuna as the three girls looked at their teachers' predicament.

Meanwhile, behind them a rail car stopped near the entrance to the school, letting off its passenger which consisted mostly of Mahora Academy students. However, there was one passenger that was not part of that group. This person had short raven hair in a messy-sort of fashion. She had blue eyes and wore a blue shirt with long orange sleeves. On the shirt there was a word that read 'FIGHT'. She let out a sigh. "Where could he be?" she asked to no one in particular as she began to walk towards the infamous Mahora Academy.



* * *



A few minutes later, inside Class 3-A…

Gohan and Negi opened the door to the classroom and greeted the class. "Class, good morning!" Both Negi and Gohan said to the class. And in normal fashion, the class greeted their two teachers energetically as always.

"GOOD MORNING!" Gohan chuckled at the sight. These girls never change do they, the demi-saiyan said to himself.

"The class is lively as usual!" Negi said, pointing out the obvious.

Of course, the Class President, Ayaka, was the most happy to the see the boy teacher. "Just seeing your face blows my fatigue away, Negi-sensei!" Gohan sweat dropped to that comment, wondering why Ayaka would say such a comment to Negi.

After calming the class down a bit, the boy teacher started to take roll call. However, he noticed one seat empty which of course belonged to his descendant, Chao Lingshen. The class quieted as the mood turned somber wishing that they could have said goodbye to the Chinese genius. Luckily, the class had Yuna, Kazumi and Haruna to cheer them up, suggesting that Chao wouldn't want them to be sad. Plus, they could throw another party! Gohan immediately stopped that from happening since he didn't want to get reprimanded by Nitta-sensei.

Negi, meanwhile, just chuckled at the sight until he looked at his attendance book. He noticed that something was written that wasn't there before. It was message from Chao and it read, 'Don't falter. Keep moving forward. You'll attain what you seek. Zaijian! Chao.' Negi immediately wondered when she wrote that in. Regardless, the boy teacher immediately looked up at the window, giving off such a cool aura that made certain girls in the classroom blush at the sight.

Gohan smiled but of course he got worried once he realized that the boy teacher wasn't paying attention to what was going on in the classroom. He needed to have a talk with him later on. Gohan was about to grab Negi's attention when suddenly, the demi-saiyan sensed something. A presence that he hadn't felt since… "Oh no," he muttered as he immediately shrieked, grabbing everyone's attention except for Negi of course.

"What's wrong Gohan-sensei?" Ayaka asked.

But before the demi-saiyan could answer, the door quickly slide open at the expense of loud noise. Everyone turned their heads to see a girl in the doorway. It was the same girl as before that had gotten off from the rail car. "I finally found you!" said the girl, her hands on her hips. "Gohan-kun!"

The classroom blinked a few times. "G-Gohan-kun?" They repeated, wondering on who this girl was and why was Gohan looking very nervous at the moment.

Gohan gulped. "V-Videl-san…"

Then everyone's eyes went wide open at the sound of that name. "VIDEL-SAN?" They couldn't believe that a celebrity like the daughter of Mister Satan would come to their academy. But why come here? They wondered.

Videl marched through the classroom and stood in front of the demi-saiyan as she poked his chest. "Where have you been?" She asked in an angry tone. "I have been waiting for four months for your call and didn't hear anything from you at all! What the hell Gohan-kun?"

"Umm, Videl-san you said not to…"

"And also," interrupted the daughter of Mister Satan as she pulled out a newspaper with a picture of Gohan and Negi on the front with the headlines reading 'BOY TEACHER AND ASSISTANT DRAW OUT AN INCREDIBLE DAY AT MAHORAFEST! A SPECTACLE UNLIKE ANY SEEN BEFORE!' "How come you are all over the news? I thought you said you didn't like to get attention! Was that a lie?"

"V-Videl-san I can explain…"

"Explain what! How you never bothered to visit Satan City and see me but you could go to Metro West! I even heard that the Great Saiyaman was seen here! What do you say about that!" Videl shouted as she continued to argue. The class started to feel uncomfortable as they noticed that Gohan needed help, immediately! There was only one person they could turn to: Negi Springfield.

"Hey Negi-sensei," Fumika said, trying to grab the boy teacher's attention but with no luck. "Sensei, are you listening!"

"Huh?" Negi immediately turned around as he realized that he had a drifted into space for too long. He then noticed that Gohan was in a predicament. "Gohan-san, who is this person?"

As soon as Negi said that, Videl stopped arguing and looked at the boy teacher. She blinked a few times, wondering why there was a small boy in the classroom and with dressed up in a suit. She looked at the demi-saiyan with a curious look in her eye. "Gohan-kun, who is this boy?"

Gohan let out a sigh of relief, thanking the stars for Negi coming to his rescue. "This boy, Videl-san, is Negi Springfield. He is the teacher of this class and I am his assistant," Gohan explained to the raven haired girl.

Videl immediately looked at Gohan for a sec, then turned to Negi and looked at Gohan once again. "You're lying," she said, causing the demi-saiyan to flinch a bit. "There is no way a boy this little could be a teacher for Junior High School."

"What did you say about Negi-sensei?" Ayaka shouted angrily. She was about to give Videl a piece of her mind for making fun of Negi, but luckily Gohan was there to stop her.

"Iincho-san, don't fight!" Gohan said as he grabbed from the front. He of course didn't want a fight to break out. However, he knew the end result being Videl winning and getting on everyone's nerves. He needed to calm the situation down. After a few moments of struggling, the demi-saiyan was able to calm Ayaka and some of the class down. "Please pardon Videl-san," he said. "She didn't know. Please forgive her." The class mumbled their forgiveness while Videl looked at Gohan with a bit of awe.

"Wow, Gohan-kun, I didn't think you could be like that," she commented as a small blush drew on her face. Gohan didn't understand what Videl meant by that comment but most of the class did. That comment of hers didn't sit too well with Gohan's admirers, particularly with Asuna and Setsuna.

"Hey Gohan, would you mind introducing us to her?" Asuna asked with a hint of ire in her voice. Gohan and Negi gulped at the same time as they knew full well what that tone meant. She was angry and you never want an angry Asuna.

"Well class, this is Videl-san, the daughter of Mister Satan," Gohain said as he motioned to her. "Videl-san, this is Class 3-A."

Videl blushed a bit in embarrassment as she realized that she acted like a complete jerk in front an entire class. Drawing upon knowledge of formality, Videl bowed politely in front of the class in greeting. "Hello everyone. My name is Videl. It is a pleasure to meet you," she said.

"Videl-san was a good friend of mine when I was at Satan City attending Orange High School," Gohan added. "To be honest, I am surprised to see you here Videl-san."

"I'm sorry for my behavior earlier," Videl said to the class. "Especially to you, Gohan-kun. I don't know what came over me." Videl bowed her head slightly in sadness. "Can you forgive me?"

"Of course," Gohan nodded with his usual Son grin on his face. "That's what friends do right. Forgive and forget?" Videl let out a sigh, hoping for a better statement than that. After all they had been through, with the Tenkaichi Budokai, the fight against Majin Boo and Broli, she would have thought that their relationship was much deeper than friends. She was going to try harder now, especially after seeing the reaction of certain girls in the classroom.

The class took Videl's apology in kind but not without suspicion. Ayaka apologized for her behavior as well, Gohan breathing a sigh of relief that it was all over. Gohan then kindly asked Videl to wait for him during the lunch break as he had work to do. Videl obliged and went outside.

Upon her departure, the class began to murmur amongst themselves on the new person, especially on her personality. While some of the girls thought of one answer, Haruna could only think of one answer as she noticed that Videl's attitude towards Gohan in beginning and the end were totally different. She is like a Tsundere, she said to herself. It must be that she likes Gohan-kun if she first acts cold then warm up to him. Textbook Tsundere!

Other girls drew up that same conclusion as they noticed how close Videl and Gohan were. Asuna, Setsuna, and Yuna began to get jealous at the closeness that Videl displayed earlier. They were going to have to have a talk with the demi-saiyan warrior later in the class, probably during lunch break.

As soon as the bell rang, these girls immediately looked for the demi-saiyan but couldn't find him. Plus the group had been expanding with Konoka, Haruna, Kazumi, Kaede, Ku Fei, Chizuru, Shiina, and Misa joining the group. Even Chisame had joined in the group as well as they searched for the assistant teacher to Class 3-A.

Asuna and Setsuna looked at each other and both of them let out a sigh once they realized that they had a following behind them. The two of them knew that if Gohan and Videl were indeed close, the daughter of Mister Satan probably knew that Gohan was a Saiyan and only a few people knew that information. Knowing that Gohan would want to protect that secret from ever getting out, Asuna and Setsuna tried their best in getting this group of girls lost. Luckily, they were able to lose Chizuru, Shiina and Misa but not the others, especially Konoka who Setsuna felt powerless to leave behind.

After a few minutes of searching, the group had finally found Son Gohan. However, bad news awaited them as they found out that he was with Videl on the roof of the academy. The girls got as close as they could to try to listen to their conversation. "It is good to see you, Gohan-kun," Videl spoke up as she stared at the demi-saiyan with a smile on her face. "I'm sorry what happened earlier."

"It's okay Videl-san," Gohan said. "I was just a bit surprised to see you here. However, I am glad to see you again."

"Really?"

The demi-saiyan nodded. "Of course. You are a dear friend to me." Videl face faulted as she had expected a different answer now that they were alone and not in front of Class 3-A. Gohan blinked a few times, curious as to why Videl face faulted. "What's wrong, Videl-san?"

"Nothing is wrong," Videl said as she shook it off. "I expected something else. But of course, this is you we are talking about."

"Huh? What do you mean?"

"Never mind."

"Well, anyways, what brings you here to Mahora ,Videl-san?" the demi-saiyan asked. "I thought you weren't talking to me."

The raven haird girl cleared up her throat as she came closer to Son Gohan. "Well, I am sorry for that part," she said. "I guess I was a bit angry. Speaking of which, why didn't you try to contact me!"

Gohan wailed his arms around. "I'm sorry Videl-san. When you said that you weren't going to speak to me, I thought that our friendship was over."

"Argh, you are an idiot Gohan-kun!" Videl said. "When a girl says that she won't talk to you, you are supposed to chase after her!"

"Ooohh," Gohan nodded. "I see. I didn't know that part. Sorry."

Videl sweat dropped. How oblivious can you be? Videl asked herself. "Anyways, what was the deal with this?" she asked as she pulled the same newspaper that she showed earlier. Gohan gulped once he saw the headline again. Gohan then explained what happened on the last of MahoraFest, his battle against the evil Saiyan, Tullece and Negi's fight with Chao Lingshen. Videl took all this information quite well. "I see," she said at the end of Gohan's explanation.

"Trust me Videl-san, I didn't want to be shown on display," Gohan responded. "But I had no choice since Tullece was going to destroy the Earth. Plus, Negi-san had to stop Chao-san but I can't explain why though."

"More secrets?" Videl stated. "Seriously, what's with you and secrets? You are full of them."

Gohan chuckled nervously. "I never really thought about it," he said. "But I'm sure this is not the reason why you came here, Videl-san."

"No, it isn't."

"Then why have you come?"

Videl let out a sigh. "I'm here to take you back, Gohan-kun. Back to Satan City and Orange High School. Back to our normal lives how it was before you transferred."

"Eh?"

"I asked my Dad for help in convincing the school to take you back," Videl explained. "Plus I added a little incentive for them to take you back. Consider it as a present for the school. So now, all we have to do is get the paperwork to the Headmaster and you can go back to Satan City. Back to your original life."

The girls immediately gasped at the sudden turn of events but they did so quietly so as to not draw attention to themselves. Gohan, meanwhile, was quite shocked at the news. "Wait, why? Why are you doing this?"

"Well, you see, I can't protect the city all by myself. It has been hard ever since you left," replied Videl. "After all, you are the Great Saiyaman. The city realized that they needed their greatest hero. My Dad, after much arguing and fighting, agreed with me on that you needed to come back. So, what do you say Gohan-kun? Let's go back to our normal life. The way it was supposed to be."

Gohan pondered a bit on what Videl just said. Could it really be that simple of just going back? He wondered. Never mind that, Gohan said to himself. If this is an opportunity to go back to Satan City, then maybe I should take it. After all, the city needs my help and I can't turn down a request for help. But as soon as Gohan was about to say his answer, memories of his time at Mahora popped into his head. A wide variety of memories appeared, starting with the Kyoto trip to the MahoraFest. Then the kiss that Asuna and he shared appeared during the festival appeared as well as the memory of Yuna confessing her love to him during his little trip to the future. The demi-saiyan felt his heart cringe at the thought of going back to Satan City. So much has happened since I arrived to Mahora, Gohan said to himself. So many wonderful memories... I can't just leave, especially when I promised Negi-san that I would help him find his father. Plus, I did promise the Headmaster that I would look after Class 3-A throughout this year. It looks like I know my answer.

Letting out a heavy sigh, Gohan spoke, "Videl-san, thank you. I am grateful for what you are doing for me but I can't just leave my students in the middle of the school year."

"Oh, you don't have to worry about that," Videl responded. "My Dad, through his connections, was able to find a replacement for your position. So everything is covered."

"It's not that simple Videl-san!" Gohan said intently, catching everyone by surprise including himself. "What I am trying to say Videl-san is that a lot has changed since coming to Mahora. I made new friends and new memories. I just can't simply say good-bye to them. I made a promise to Negi-san."

"A promise?"

The demi-saiyan nodded. "That's right. Negi-san is looking for someone and I am going to help him find him at whatever costs. Besides, I am his martial arts trainer. It would be wrong for me to leave my student behind."

"But Gohan-kun…"

"I'm sorry Videl-san," interrupted Gohan. "I know it is a selfish request and I usually don't ask for one but please let me stay here. There are still things that I need to do."

"Like telling someone that you love them?" Videl asked. Gohan's eyes widened and was about to protest but Videl continued to speak, stopping the demi-saiyan from saying anything. "Call it a woman's intuition. Besides, you have plenty admirers in your class. Is she one of your students?"

Gohan blushed heavily as his face turned red. "Yes," he muttered in a soft voice that the girls that were hiding in the corner couldn't hear. However, Videl did.

Her face drew out a smile as she turned to the side and folding her arms. "I see. Well, in that case I am going to have to do it the old fashioned way," she said.

Gohan blinked a few times. "What do you mean old fashioned way, Videl-san?" He asked. Videl was about to respond when suddenly the bell rang, causing the demi-saiyan to turn his head around to the sound. "Oh it's the bell. I got to get going Videl-san. Will I see you later?"

The raven haired girl shook her head. "Probably not. I can't leave Satan City for too long," Videl said. "I will be back, I promise. Besides, you still owe me that spar from the Tenkaichi Budokai."

Gohan nodded. "Of course," he said. Waving his hand, the demi-saiyan said his goodbye and went back inside the academy building while Videl continued to stay outside. The girls that had been spying on the conversation were about to follow Gohan's course of action until they were stopped by an unlikely voice.

"You guys can come out now," Videl said. "I know that you heard our whole conversation. So come out." And out they did. Asuna, Konoka, Setsuna, Ku Fei, Kaede, Kazumi, Haruna and Chisame all lined up in front of the raven haired girl. But before any of them could speak (especially Chisame, who had been dying to say something, especially on why she was here), Videl spoke up. "I know that you all are vying for Gohan-kun's affections. Well, I am going to tell you that you may have a head start on me because he is your assistant teacher but I know more about him than any of you. Things that you would never dream of."

"Like turning into a Super Saiyan?" Asuna mentioned, catching Videl by surprise. The orange haired girl smiled at Videl's reaction. "Gohan had told us all about it. Plus we got to meet his family and friends. How about that?" Konoka giggled at Asuna's comments and her reaction. It wasn't because it was funny. It was because Asuna was displaying her feelings for the demi-saiyan out in the open. If that weren't the case, she would have denied it right on the spot.

Videl collected herself after that bit of shocking news. "I see," she said. "I guess that means we are rivals then."

"That we are," Setsuna said. "Don't think that because you knew Gohan-sensei before he came here means that you have a better advantage than us."

"That's right-aru!" Ku Fei added. "Plus he is my true love since he bested me in combat!"

"We won't hand Gohan-kun so easily," Konoka said.

Setsuna nodded in agreement. "I won't do the same either. I guess the only way for him to back is to win his heart. May the best girl win." All of the girls nodded in agreement with determined looks on their faces. Despite this though, Videl had a surprise for them. "However," she continued, "I am farther ahead than you guys. After all, he taught the Bukujutsu." And within that moment, Videl floated up into the sky. "Till next time!" And with that she was gone. The girls were a bit surprised by this turn of events. Indeed, it would seem that Videl had the advantage since Gohan had taught her but not for long. Asuna, Setsuna, Ku Fei and Kaede knew that they had to learn that technique if they wanted to help the demi-saiyan. It was time to get some training in.



* * *



Author's note: Hey everybody! Hope you all enjoyed the chapter, especially the surprise visit of Videl! I'm sure not a lot of people were expecting it but I have made sure to include her as well. She wasn't going to be one of those long forgotten characters. Trust me on this.

READ AND REVIEW! I can't stress that enough! I love hearing from everybody. It is interesting to read about what people have to say. Keep them coming!

See ya around till next time! Peace!





*Chapter 48*: Kotarou's Mysterious Meeting!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. See chapter 1 for details.

Author's note: Hey everybody! How are you all doing? I'm doing great! Nice weather, walking around in my flip-flops, it's great! I love spring! Anyways, I am glad that people liked the introduction of Videl. I wanted to be in so another rival could appear as well as for other reasons. Besides that, I hope you all enjoy this next chapter as it is Kotarou's special training chapter! Yay!

I want to thank Gokai Entertainment for beta reading this chapter. Thank you so much for your help! I greatly appreciate it! Now, let me present to you all Chapter 48 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 48: Niki-Niki! Kotarou's Mysterious Meeting!

Gohan let out a sigh as he exited the teacher's lounge. This past week for him had been exhausting. First was the surprise visit of his former classmate, Videl who had come in with a proposition. Gohan felt a little bad about rejecting her offer but it went away once Videl mentioned that she was going to visit him again. She also invited him, his friends and family to the opening of the new Mister Satan hotel in honor of his 'supposed' victory against Majin Boo.

Secondly, after Videl's visit, some of the girls in his class were more forward than usual. For example, Konoka kept hugging him every time that they met which wasn't that bad except that she would do it whenever they met. Gohan needed to make sure that no misunderstandings would be created as a result. However, this was child's play compared to some of the other girls.

The weather was starting to get hotter which made the students of Mahora Academy wear their summer school gear with short skirts and a white shirt. Yuna and Kazumi started to push a little too far in that they wore even shorter skirts and had unbutton some of the upper buttons on their shirts, leaving a clear view of their cleavage. Gohan couldn't help himself but blush every time that he would talk with them. Plus, seeing Yuna's face made him remember the scene that happened between the two of them during his little trip to the future. Gohan knew that he needed to have a talk with her about that incident pronto.

Kaede and Ku Fei meanwhile kept on pestering the demi-saiyan in training them, especially when they wanted a training session alone. Of course, Gohan would accept that request except that Kaede kept on wearing on the swimsuit that she wore when the group had met in Eva's resort to plan their strategy against Chao. It was kind of distracting for the demi-saiyan warrior. Nonetheless, Gohan was able to get a good training session with the two martial arts girls.

Asuna and Setsuna on the other hand, were a different matter. Setsuna kept on asking Gohan when the two of them would have their lunch date. Gohan wasn't able to give out an answer every time that the swordswoman would ask because his mind was a bit preoccupied with Asuna as she made an unusual request: help her study. It was a bit unusual for Asuna to ask for help and Gohan knew that. However, what Negi said during the week changed that.



* * *



During the past week…

One day, Negi and Gohan had decided to give out a pop quiz to Class 3-A. Gohan was sweat-dropping by the minute as he reviewed everyone's tests. He didn't want to be the bearer of bad news, so Negi decided to do it himself. "Well…" trailed the young boy teacher. "The term is coming to a close. Final exams are only a week away. Gohan-san and I had you all take a little test. Combining your midterm test results with this pop test, we've determined that Class 3-A is headed for the lowest overall scores in your grade once again!"

And of course, the usual response of Class 3-A to this kind of situation was to cheer, except that Ayaka didn't think this was a moment to be cheering. "This isn't funny!"

"Oh relax Iincho," Kazumi said. "At least we got 2nd place for the best attraction at the school festival."

"I think we did really well!" added Haruna.

"Don't give up already!" Ayaka exclaimed.

"The vacuum left behind with Chao-Lin's departure is huge," commented Shiina. "I mean she was a supergenius! She got top grades in everything! The greatest mind in Mahora Academy!"

"I think she was smarter than all the university students put together," added Misa. "Maybe even Negi-kun!"

"Aren't you embarrassed to use Chao-san as an excuse!" exclaimed Ayaka. "I'm sure Chao-san would be greatly disappointed in us if she heard."

Gohan let out a sigh. The situation was starting to get out of hand… again. He was going to have to step in. However, an unexpected voice stopped him. "Now, now Iincho-san." Everyone turned their attention to the boy teacher. "It's not like it will be the end of the world if the class takes last place. Honestly, the classwork is boring compared to the school festival. I can't fault you all for that."

"But Negi-sensei…"

"School-work may be boring to you, but I assure you that your efforts won't be wasted in doing the work. No matter what you girls decide to do in the future, I believe what you learn now will only be an asset to you," Negi said. "The knowledge and skills you attain with hard work will never betray you. That includes the schoolwork that may seem like a waste of time to you right now."

The class stood quiet for a few moments as Negi's word began to sink in. Then, within moments the class cheered on the 'new' Negi Springfield as they were in awe at his speech. Even Gohan was a bit speechless at the moment.

Gohan couldn't help but smile as the girls reminded on the improvements that the boy teacher had made over the last six months to which the demi-saiyan couldn't agree more. Negi, to Gohan's eyes, had improved to a greater person.

"Before I forget, I would like the members of the Baka Rangers to stay behind after school," Negi stated.

"Why?" Yue asked.

"Well," Gohan spoke up, "otherwise you'll spend the summer break in remedial classes." And with that the bell had rung, ending the class for the day. Gohan was about to walk back to the teacher's lounge when he saw Asuna standing before him. "Asuna-san, what's wrong?"

"W-Well… G-Gohan…" stuttered the orange haired girl a bit while blushing at the same time. "I was wondering if you could help me out in studying for exams?"

Gohan blinked a few times in surprise, unsure at the moment on how to respond. The only answer he could think of was… "Sure." Asuna's mouth turned into a bright smile as she shined with extreme happiness. Gohan, oblivious as ever, was unsure as to why though as Asuna went out the classroom and left the demi-saiyan to ponder to himself.



* * *



Present…

That was strange for her to ask me, Gohan said to himself as he walked through the corridors of Mahora Academy. Although, it does give me a good opportunity to help her succeed in her studies, granted that Mom somehow found out about the final exams. That was true. Somehow, Chichi had found out the girls' final exams and had called up each Baka Ranger to make sure that they were studying. She even asked Gohan to tell her what their scores were.

Gohan, of course, did what his mother asked him to do. After telling her about the Baka Rangers' scores, Chichi was a bit disappointed in hearing about Asuna's scores and thus made the decision that she was going to come to visit Mahora to make sure that Asuna passed.

As a result, word got out and Asuna begged the demi-saiyan to help her study in order not to receive Chichi's home tutoring. Gohan couldn't help but feel some pity for the orange haired girl as he had experienced his mother's tutoring his whole life. He accepted Asuna's request and told Chichi that he would be doing the tutoring and make sure that she passed her final exams.

He promised his mother that Asuna would get a passable grade and if she didn't, then Gohan's mom would come and stay in Mahora until Asuna graduated. Gohan didn't want that possibility to come true so, he put more effort in tutoring Asuna so that could never happen. However, talking with his mother and Asuna about the study session, Gohan felt something was weird about the whole situation. It was like it was done somehow on purpose for him to spend more time with Asuna. Gohan shook out that thought immediately as he walked through the hallways.

I need to go to a place to relax a bit, he said to himself as his stomach let out a small grumble. Maybe get a bite to eat as well. I'm starving. I might as well get it now since I am done for the day. Plus, it will give me some time to relax before going to my study session with Asuna-san. And with that, Gohan went outside to grab some lunch.

Going to the nearest semi-fast food joint that was at the same time healthy for anyone, Gohan grabbed a huge stack of food for himself. As he took his large quantities of food, the demi-saiyan had failed to notice the gaping looks that people were making as they saw his stack of food. They all wondered how a man like Gohan could eat all that. But Gohan didn't care as he started to chow down. During his meal however, the demi-saiyan got a surprise visit from someone.

"Hello Gohan-kun." Gohan stopped his eating and turned his head towards the direction of the voice that he heard. When he turned his head, he saw that it was Chizuru speaking to him.

"Chizuru-san…" Gohan's eyes were widened in surprise. He didn't expect to see any of his students out here, especially considering the time it was. "What are you doing here?"

"I finished my classes for the day," Chizuru said with a bright smile on her face as she took a seat next to the demi-saiyan. "What about you Gohan-kun?"

Gohan let out a his father's signature grin. "Eating," he said as he started to wolf down some more food. Chizuru couldn't help but giggle at the situation while Gohan kept on stacking up the dirty plates in a tower formation.

"Ne, Gohan-kun, I was wondering on something."

"What is it Chizuru-san?"

"Have you seen Kotarou-kun?" Chizuru asked. "I haven't seen him for a few days now; four days to be exact. I asked Negi-kun on his whereabouts but he doesn't know either. Do you by chance know where he is? I am worried about him."

Gohan couldn't help himself but chuckle a bit, which of course drew a curious look on Chizuru's face. "You don't need to worry about him, Chizuru-san," the demi-saiyan replied, flashing his father's trademark grin. "Right now, he is… busy with some things. He's fine so don't worry Chizuru-san. He will come back to us in a few days, maybe even a week later. I'm not entirely sure to be honest but he will be back soon."

"How do you know Gohan-kun? Do you know where he is?"

"To be honest, no, but I do know who he is with," Gohan responded. "Trust me, Kotarou-san will be back with us soon. And when he does, be sure to welcome him with open arms, okay Chizuru-san?"

"Well…" Chizuru was unsure on whether to trust Gohan's word. However, the more she thought about it, the more she realized that Gohan wouldn't show such confidence if he didn't care about Kotarou at all. She knew, based on the talks that she had with Kotarou that Gohan was always around the hanyou. Kotarou had held such high regard and respect for the demi-saiyan while Gohan liked being around him and Negi. If Gohan said that he knew that Kotarou was going to fine, then all that Chizuru would have to do was trust the demi-saiyan's word. "If you say so, Gohan-kun then I believe you."

"Thanks Chizuru-san," responded Gohan. "Now that you are here, would you like to have a bite with me?"

Chizuru nodded happily. "Sure. Let me order some." Once Chizuru went inside the restaurant, Gohan began to contemplate on the situation with Kotarou. He knew that Kotarou was going to train soon but he hadn't expected to be so soon. But of course, this was Piccolo. The demi-saiyan let out a small smile as he looked upwards to the sky. I wonder how Kotarou-san is doing with Piccolo-san, he said to himself. Hope Piccolo-san is not pushing him too much. I hope.



* * *



Meanwhile, in a place that was far and near to Mahora…

It was a bright, sunny day today with the skies clear and blue, allowing the light to shine down upon the earth, warming it. Far and wide you could see the wonders the world had created, as well as the flora and fauna that flourished. This land was untouched by human activities, leaving it pure and clean especially when this piece of land was not on any map known to man. Well not exactly.

Somewhere in the midst of a wide spread valley, a lone soul named Kotarou was, at this moment, training extremely hard. His gi tops were folded neatly and lay on top of one of the hills in the valley. These were left unscathed and undamaged, but where was Kotarou?

Above the fields that he was using as his grounds, zapping in and out of super speed, the young hanyou was hard at work. Yelling with each attack he threw, Kotarou was making the most of the time. Signs of his being there were everywhere. Not only was his voice carried on the wind, but foot marks, small craters, cracks and burns in the ground were evident of attacks being fired or where he had landed. There were five massive craters, all of them surrounded by smaller ones.

It was a tremendous session. Don't count Kotarou out as the weakest of the group now. He's been training hard for the past three months, and there was no way he would be giving up without a descent fight. Zapping out of super speed, Kotarou dropped out of the sky and landed hard on the ground, taking a stance and beginning to work himself. His punches and kicks flashed through the air, cutting crisply and making loud force sounds. He growled through gritted teeth, sweat pouring down his face and body.

After finishing one of his katas, the young hanyou panted heavily. Letting out a sigh, Kotarou fell onto all fours, exhaling his breath deeply. He had been going at it for a few hours. Grabbing the dirt in his hands, Kotarou screamed out in frustration. "Dammit!" he yelled. "What the hell am I doing wrong? I have been training for three months now and still I don't feel any different. What the hell is wrong with Piccolo-san? What is it that I still don't have!"

Pounding the ground heavily, Kotarou crushed the rocks and pebbles that were in his hand in anger. However, within that moment, the hanyou knew that he had to relax. After all, he had been training for some time without a break.

Getting himself in a sitting position, Kotarou looked around to see the progress that he made ever since Piccolo had brought him to this location. He began to remember what Piccolo had told him their very first day in this new land that wasn't recorded on any map known to man as this area was actually part of Evagenline's resort.



* * *



Three months ago…

Eva had to make changes to her training regime. After the display that Gohan and Negi showed during the MahoraFest, they definitely need a new place to train in order for them to improve on their skills. And what better way to do that by expanding her resort into new areas.

All of these new areas would have their own uniqueness to them. They included a desert, a tropical forest, a grassland, an ice cold mountain region and others. Eva had not shown this to the others except for a few which included Negi, Gohan and Kotarou but most importantly to Piccolo. The Namekian knew that he needed a good place to train the young hanyou without being interrupted by outside distraction such as school. And after hearing about the uniqueness of the Dark Vampire's resort from Son Gohan, Piccolo immediately knew that it was a perfect place to train the hanyou as he saw the similarities between her resort and the Room of Spirit and Time which the entrance had been broken during the fight against Majin Boo.

After much talk with the Dark Mage, Piccolo was able to convince Evangeline to let him do his own training regime for the young hanyou and have her not interfere at all. He also asked her for Negi and the others to not reveal where Kotarou was located for this was his way of training. It had worked for Gohan but Piccolo was going to try something different with the young hanyou. Upon their very first day in the resort, Piccolo escorted Kotarou to his new home. "Wow!" Kotarou said in awe at the sight that he was seeing.

"I am glad that you like it as this is going to be your new home for the next year," Piccolo stated.

"The next year? What do you mean Piccolo-san?" Kotarou asked. "I thought it was going to be a day to day kind thing, like Evangeline does with Negi."

"No," responded the Namekian. "That way of training is Eva's way. I am going to do it my way and if you don't like it, you can leave. But if you stay, you will have to stay here for a whole year."

"But what about school? And what about Natsumi-neechan and Chizuru-neechan?"

"That is all taken care of," Piccolo stated, since he had discussed with Gohan beforehand, especially on the young hanyou's final exams which would be taken care of after he had finished the training. Gohan did give a valid excuse to the principal and was lucky to get Kotarou's postponed.

After all, neither he nor Piccolo wanted to get on the bad side of Kotarou's caregiver, Chizuru. "Listen, if you are going to complain about everything, then you might as well leave now and train with Kaede." Kotarou clenched his fists in determination as he stood in front of Piccolo. The Namekian grinned. "I see. Just to let you know that this is your last chance to back out because for the next year, you are going to learn the new meaning of the word pain as I will train you until you break."

"I-I won't move and I won't leave this place," Kotarou said with a hint of nervousness as a nervous sweat slide down his face. "I need to get stronger. Negi is getting ahead of me. I can't allow that since we are rivals. Please Piccolo-san, train me."

Piccolo chuckled. "Of course I will but just to let you know that this training will be nothing like that you have ever been in. All that you know right now will be useful in the upcoming months as you are going to survive on this land without any help what so ever."

"You don't have to worry about that Piccolo-san," Kotarou said with a cocky smile on his face. "I have been a lone wolf for most of my life so I know how to survive."

Piccolo smirked. "Oh is that so? I'm glad to hear it then. As I was saying, the key to this training is for you to become stronger than Negi Springfield but most importantly, it will serve as a way to know yourself and…"

"Blah blah blah," Kotarou interrupted. "Why don't we just get to the training already? You already gave me my first lesson during the conclusion of MahoraFest didn't you? So why don't we get this show on the road."

Piccolo frowned his eyebrows, showing a bit of disappointment on his face. "As you wish." Within that moment, Piccolo got himself in fighting stance while Kotarou did the same. However, the hanyou began to wonder what Piccolo was going to use. Piccolo was in a stance that was unknown to him. After all, Kotarou made sure to follow the Namekian's fighting style ever since the Mahora Budokai. Piccolo grinned as he knew exactly what Kotarou was thinking. His change in stance was done on purpose.

Kotarou, meanwhile, was unsure on what to do. It was starting to feel a bit similar to that of his fight against Albireo during the Mahora Budokai. But this time, his opponent wasn't an image that wasn't real but a real live person. Screw it, he said to himself. I am going to show Piccolo-san that I have what it takes to survive his training! And with that, Kotarou sprang into action.

With a growl, Kotarou punched at him, seeing Piccolo side step and spin away, parrying the blow in his movements. On the defense, Piccolo moved around, evading Kotarou's attacks and blocking them. Both of them were on equal ground even though they still fought fiercely, seeing what the other would do.

Avoiding three more combinations, Piccolo leapt back and fired a blast straight forward. Kotarou avoided the blast all together as he appeared several meters forward to the side, a concentrated look on his face and teeth gritted. Piccolo smirked. With no more obstructions, he flew forward, using super speed as an advantage.

Kotarou grunted and spun through the air, sending a backwards round house kick at the spot Piccolo was heading for. Even in super speed, he could still sense his opponent but with some difficulty. Piccolo however was smarter and more intone with the ways of fighting. Grabbing hold of Kotarou's leg, the Namekian forward flipped over it and entering Kotarou's defensive area, kneed him in the face. The young hanyou growled as he floated back, staggered from the blow. Wiping his bleeding lip quickly, he flew forward again at super-fast speeds with Shundo, reaching Piccolo in two seconds flat.

Piccolo shifted back quickly, raising his defenses. He blocked and continuously evaded quick, powerful strikes, ducking and side stepping. Seeing openings, Kotarou attacked as well, forcing Piccolo back. Piccolo blocked and dodged as well, moving forward and attacking again. He met with resistance and defenses before breaking them by elbowing Kotarou across the face when he accidentally dropped his guard.

As Kotarou rubbed his cheek, he heard Piccolo speak. "Let's stop this fight. It is meaningless."

Kotarou's eyes flung wide open. "What! Why?"

"Because, I already know the result of this match," Piccolo stated as he wiped off the dirt from this clothes. "You still haven't learned anything, even after your defeat from Ku:Nel and your fight against the horde of robots during the conclusion of that festival."

"What is that supposed to mean?" Kotarou questioned. "I did learn. I learned not how to get my butt kicked and also on how to fight against multiple enemies."

"That is not true!" yelled the Namekian, surprising Kotarou. "You haven't learned anything! I noticed it when we fought just now! You have doubt in your fists!"

"What do you mean?"

"My change in fighting style caused you to remember your fight against Ku:Nel didn't it? Admit it!"

Kotarou didn't respond as he gaped at Piccolo's declaration. How could he tell? Kotarou said to himself. Piccolo stared intently at the hanyou as he had fallen to his knees in shock. "I changed my style on purpose, knowing that you had memorized my fighting style during the Budokai. That is not how fighting is supposed to be." Piccolo let out a sigh. "I somehow knew this was going to be a waste of my time. You can go back now." The Namekian floated up into the sky and was ready to leave this place.

"W-Wait! Piccolo-san!" Kotarou screamed out, stopping Piccolo from going any further. "Please… teach me… I need to get stronger. Otherwise… what am I?" Kotarou then started to cry softly as some tears began to pour out of his eyes.

"That… is something that you are going to have to find out yourself," Piccolo responded, hoping that statement would stop the crying. But it didn't. Piccolo let out a sigh. He definitely didn't like this situation as it reminded him about Gohan's training a bit too much. "Listen, if you are able to find out the answer in six months, then come back and face me. I will see if you are ready."

Kotarou immediately stopped crying once he heard Piccolo's comment. "R-Really?"

The Namekian turned around. "Yes, only when you have eliminated the doubt from your fists. Then, and only then, will I train you like I did with Gohan." And with that, Piccolo floated up to the sky, leaving Kotarou behind.

"W-Wait! What am I supposed to do now?" Kotarou screamed at the Namekian.

"Survive!"



* * *



Present…

And survived Kotarou did so far. Though he had been a lone wolf for most of his life, he had never expected to encounter such extreme wildlife. He got chased by a wide assortment of dangerous and extinct animals like dinosaurs and such. This land was a living hell for him as he was constantly on the run from these animals as they proved themselves stronger than expected. But that didn't stop the young hanyou from trying to survive this hell hole.

For the next three months, Kotarou trained rigorously in order to get into shape for his upcoming training session with Piccolo. He trained every possible way from his ninjutsu to his martial art katas. He even tried to learn a few tricks with ki but to no avail. But something was missing. Kotarou didn't notice it until two months into the training that Piccolo was indeed right. He was missing something. However, the young hanyou didn't know what it was. He kept on getting frustrated with his lack of progress. There were only three months left till the appointed time! He needed to get a move on.

The next day, after remembering what had happened during his first day here in the center of hell, Kotarou went out looking for food. He had gotten used to the wildlife a bit and was able to fend off for himself. However, he was still no match for a T-Rex that seemed much stronger than usual. Every time the young hanyou would fight it, the T-Rex would get stronger as it learned to adapt to Kotarou's movements. It was becoming a pain in the ass for the hanyou. And sure enough, that same T-Rex had appeared in front of him.

"Oh great, it's you," the hanyou said sarcastically while the T-Rex let out a loud roar. Kotarou positioned himself in a fighting stance. "Well, I have been training like crazy. Today is the day that I finally beat you and then eat you!" The T-Rex was thinking of the same thing since every time that the T-Rex was close to winning, Kotarou would escape his grasp.

Putting himself in a stance Kotarou went on the attack while the T-Rex went straight for the kill as it had opened its mouth. The two of them fought against each other for a few minutes. Kotarou had definitely become stronger since their first meeting but somehow, he was still no match for the T-Rex. The large ferocious dinosaur had been able to dodge Kotarou's moves easily and was able to inflict massive damage to the hanyou.

A few minutes later, Kotarou knew that he was on the losing end. It was time to make a tactical retreat. However, there was one problem: he was cornered! It would seem that the T-Rex had been making Kotarou move to this location so that he couldn't escape. Kotarou knew he was in a bind and tried to escape but with a tail swipe by the T-Rex, the young hanyou was knocked against the rock, hard.

This was bad for Kotarou! He was hit against the rocks was pretty hard, especially when it was his head that had gotten hit, causing his body to be immobile as well as him succumbing to a concussion. Clenching his fist, Kotarou let out a small curse while the T-Rex was ready to begin its feast.

Is this the end for me? Kotarou said to himself as he looked at the T-Rex as it opened its mouth. Then it must be fate then. If I am going to die here then that means I wasn't meant for anything. I wish I could have found out what I am missing before I die. So long… everyone…

The T-Rex was about to gorge the Hanyou whole when suddenly a voice yelled out, "Hō Hō Dan!" A large robotic looking red tiger covered in a blaze of fiery red ki suddenly attacked the T-Rex out of nowhere. With its giant paws it struck at the T-Rex on the side of its head sending the wild beast slamming up against the rocks, knocking it out in the progress.

Kotarou then glimpsed a figure which at first he thought was Piccolo but then for a moment he was able to see the figure clearly. It was person covered in what appeared to be a red bodysuit. He couldn't see the front as this person had his back to him but he could see black stripes that went down his back that also extended to his front.

As the person turned around to face him, Kotarou's vision went blurry as he was about to pass out. Before he did, he saw that in the front his chest sported an insignia which looked like scratch marks. This was the last thing Kotarou saw as his strength failed him.



* * *



A few hours later….

Kotarou began to stir as he heard the crackling of fire. As his vision began to steady he realised someone had taken care of him, even providing a make-shift bed of leaves and tending to his wounds. Looking around he was discovered he was no longer at the gorge but in a cave.

"Where am I?" Kotarou questioned out loud.

"Ah! So you're finally awake!" This made Kotarou flinch as it was a voice he did not recognise causing him to assume a fighting stance however found he couldn't as he immediately winced in pain. "Dog-boy shouldn't move around too much or he'll be in even more pain." Kotarou quickly turned his attention to the voice as the figure it belonged to approached him.

It was man who was wearing a red leather jacket and long black pants. The clothes were reminded Kotarou of sports gear. He even had red sport shoes to go with it. What really caught Kotarou's attention was the scratch mark logo on the man's jacket. It seemed familiar to him.

"Where you the one who saved me?" Kotarou asked.

"Yeah. That was quite a tough zowazowa you fought. I had to knock him out again after you were unconscious." The mysterious stranger said. Kotarou was quite baffled by the man's strange term which didn't appear to belong to any language Kotarou knew. He figured he must have been referring to the T-Rex.

"Um, just who are you?" Kotarou asked his mysterious saviour with curiosity.

"Me? I'm Jan. Kandou Jan. I'm a tiger's child!" Jan said proudly with a smirk.

Kotarou looked at his host slightly bewildered. "A tiger's CHILD? But you look human!"

Jan then waved his finger. "I was raised by them. Along with pandas."

Kotarou couldn't fathom what Jan was telling him. He wouldn't have thought his he was insane under normal circumstances but figured he should give the benefit of the doubt. The guy did save his life after all. A thought then occurred to Kotarou as he remembered the large robotic-tiger thing that a red costumed figure used to knock out the T-Rex. He remembered the scratch mark logo the figure had was the same as the one on Jan's jacket. "Were you the one in that costume who knocked out that overgrown lizard!" Kotarou suddenly shouted upon this realisation. Jan nodded. Kotarou's eyes flung wide open like he was looking at Jan for the first time. "B-but how! You're just a…"

"Mundane? You disappoint me Dog-boy. You should know there are many amazing fighters in this world."

Kotarou could have slapped himself for allowing his bad habit to get the better of him again. "I guess you're right," Kotarou responded. "By the way what was that technique you used to beat that guy so easily? I don't recognise the style."

Jan then smiled at his question. "That's Jyuken."

"Jyuken?"

Jan nodded. "Jyuken is a kenpo in which you fire up your Geki, or fierce ki, in order to obtain beast power."

"Geki? What's that?" Kotarou asked.

"Geki is the source of the Jyuken's power. It is the passionate energy that swells through your body when you sense your beast heart," Jan explained. "When you fire up your Geki, there is no limit to the amount of power you can draw out or how strong you can become."

Kotarou looked at Jan in awe as the young man finished his explanation of his powers. "That's sound amazing! No wonder you were able to defeat that T-Rex so easily. I'm actually a little envious now."

"Envious? What do you mean?"

"Well… for a few months I have been training so I can be ready for my teacher, Piccolo-san. However, before I get to meet him again in three months, I need to figure out what is missing in my practice," Kotarou explained. "I would have thought that the T-Rex would be a good sparring partner as well as a good meal but every time I face, he keeps getting stronger. How is that possible? I have been training my ass off! Maybe I should learn about this Geki stuff."

"Or maybe you just need to see things differently," Jan said.

Kotarou looked at his new friend with curiosity. "What do you mean?"

"Well to be honest I was watching your fight earlier though I didn't intervene at first to see how you fought. After watching for some time I knew you couldn't win."

Kotarou gaped at him. "How could you know that? Are you psychic?"

Jan shook his head. "Nyao. It was because you didn't have any 'heart'." Jan replied.

"Heart?"

"I guess you could call it resolve. It's probably different for other people but in the end it's the same thing."

"What the hell does heart have to do with anything?" Kotarou questioned. "Or for that matter, fighting?"

Jan crouched down with his face being held up by his hands. "Why do you fight?"

"Why do I fight?" repeated the hanyou. Jan nodded in response. "I fight because I enjoy it, that's why. When I face a strong opponent, I get a feeling of ecstasy. It's the greatest thing in the world. Plus, there is a person whom I consider my rival that I must overcome, especially after what happened recently. That is why I fight."

"Okay, but why do you fight?" Jan asked once more.

Kotarou blinked a few times in confusion. "I don't understand. I thought already explained it to you Jan-niichan. I fight because I enjoy it. There isn't any other reason."

"Then what would happen if you have achieved that power?"

"Huh?"

"What would happen if you had achieved great power and were able to defeat your enemies as well as your rival? What then? What would you do with that power?" Kotarou was speechless for a few seconds, unsure on how to respond. To be perfectly honest, he never really thought about that. He had only thought of getting stronger so he wouldn't get his butt kicked. Jan let out a small smile. "And there is your problem. You are not sure why you fight."

"What do you mean Jan-niichan?"

"You don't have any resolve or basically 'heart' as some would say. Sure, you fight because you enjoy it but everyone, even those that don't like fighting, have a reason why they either fight or stand up. Others do it because they want to rule the world while others want to do it because they want to protect their friends," Jan explained. "For example, in order to use Jyuken, you have to have a heart of justice."

"I'm not sure I understand," Kotarou responded.

Jan put his hand to his chin as he began to think on how to explain on what he just said better. After all, he knew that the hanyou needed to hear this if he wanted to get stronger. "Well…" he trailed. "Let's see… Ah! Is there someone who makes you feel nikiniki!"

"What?"

"Isn't there someone who makes you feel excited at the thought of fighting them?"

"Negi."

"Negi… why does he fight? Or better yet, what does he fight for?" Jan asked.

Kotarou began to ponder a bit on that question. He never really thought about it but he knew the answer. "He fights because he wants to get stronger so he can be equal to his father's level as he looks up to him," replied the hanyou. "He also fights to protect those around him that are precious such as his students."

"Are there people who are precious to you Dog-boy?"

"Well… there is Natsumi-neechan and Chizuru-neechan… and maybe Gohan-niisan," Kotarou replied.

"Gohan-niisan?" Jan questioned.

Kotarou nodded in response to Jan's question. "Yeah, Gohan-niisan. Why do you ask?"

Kotarou didn't notice but Jan had definitely picked it up. He had noticed that Kotarou would put the honorific of niichan and neechan on certain people, like himself. But when Jan heard Kotarou mention Gohan, he definitely felt a sense of awe and admiration in the young hanyou's voice. This brought curiosity to Jan. "Who is he? The way you say his name sounds he is very special."

Kotarou blushed a little. "Yeah, he is. He's really great guy, fun to be around with him and I can somehow relate to him. Ever since I met and fought alongside him, I always wanted to be just like him," he explained with a bright smile on his face. "I guess maybe that is the biggest reason on why I chose Piccolo-san as my teacher since he was once Gohan-niisan's martial arts teacher as well. I thought that if Piccolo-san could train me like Gohan-niisan, I could be one step closer to being like him."

"I see," Jan responded with a smile. "He must be a really wakiwaki if you really look up to him." Kotarou nodded in response. "Then let me ask you, what does Gohan fight for?"

"That's easy; to protect the Earth of course."

"And does he train?"

Kotarou nodded with a smirk. "Of course he does. Otherwise, he wouldn't be able to protect anyone," responded the young hanyou.

"I see," Jan said. "But let's say if Gohan were to quit fighting, would you still hold him on high esteem? Would you still admire him?"

"I…" Kotarou trailed a bit as he pondered on that question for a bit. He began to think about more Gohan's life other than the battles that the demi-saiyan had participated in when he realized that Gohan wasn't all about fighting. Sure, he fights to protect the Earth but his main priority was his friends and how he held them dearly. Kotarou let out a small smile. "I would still hold him in high regard because he treasures his friends dearly. I have been a lone wolf for most of my life but whenever I see him surrounded by friends, I just can't help but wish for that as well."

Jan let out a small smile as he saw that Kotarou was starting to get it. "That's good to hear then," Jan said as he began to take out some things from his bag. Kotarou tried to peek over the young man's shoulder as he was curious as to what Jan was trying to take out. A few moments later, Jan had taken a pair of new clothes. "Now, let's put these on. You are going to need these."

"What for?" Kotarou asked.

"Your rematch."



* * *



A few minutes later…

Jan and Kotarou stood outside the cave that they were just in. Inhaling a deep breath, Jan looked totally relaxed. "There is nothing like the wild. Wouldn't you agree?"

Kotarou looked at his new companion with confusion written all over his face. "Jan-niichan, what did you mean by rematch?" asked the young hanyou.

"Well, that's easy, you are going to fight against that zowazowa again," Jan stated.

Kotarou's eyes flung wide open. "What! Are you out of your mind Jan-niichan? I can't defeat that thing right now! I'm injured. Maybe another time…"

Jan shook his head. "Nyao, I think it is the right time. I think that you have found what you have been missing," he said.

"What do you mean?"

Jan chuckled as he inhaled some air into his lungs. "OI! ZOWAZOWA! COME OUT! I HAVE SOMETHING MICHIMICHI HOUGUHOUGU FOR YOU!"

Kotarou shrieked immediately upon Jan's shouting. He went up to the young man and grabbed his shirt forcibly. "What the hell Jan-niichan!" Kotarou questioned. "What are you doing?"

Jan grinned. "Getting your rematch started!" As soon as he said that, the two of them began to hear loud thumping noises approaching their position. And sure enough, the same T-Rex that Kotarou had been fighting for a while appeared before them. The T-Rex looked down at its callers and let out a roar of appreciation, for he was about to eat a delicious meal again.

Kotarou couldn't help tremble a bit at the sight of the T-Rex. Usually, whenever the young hanyou faced against the giant T-Rex, he was booming with confidence in that he was sure to beat him. But after what happened earlier today, Kotarou wasn't so sure that he could win. Plus he was injured! What could Jan be thinking? He looked at his new companion to ask for some help but as Kotarou glanced, Jan was nowhere to be found. It was just him and the T-Rex.

"Great," sighed the hanyou. "Just my luck." The outcome is going to be the same. Why bother fighting? Kotarou asked himself as the T-Rex went on the attack. Luckily, Kotarou was able to dodge it at the last minute but not without consequences as some of his wounds began to open up. Kotarou winced in pain as he looked at the T-Rex.

Meanwhile, up high on one of the nearby tree branches, Jan was perched like a cat as he watched the battle that had ensued. "Look deep within yourself," Jan muttered as he watched Kotarou dodge another of T-Rex's attacks. "You grazed upon it when you told me about Gohan and his personality. You had touched upon it. Now, look deeper!"

Kotarou continued to wince in pain as he continued to dodge the dinosaur's attacks. The hanyou had to go on the offensive. "Well, if I am going to die here, then I might as well try out this technique that I have been working on," Kotarou muttered. Placing his two hands above his head, palms outward and overlapping each other, the hanyou cried out, "MASENKO HAA!" A yellow ki beam shout out from his hands and hit the T-Rex directly in the face. An explosion occurred, which led to Kotarou prematurely think that he had won.

The T-Rex wasn't going to go down so easily as the attack had burnt half his face. The giant man-eating dinosaur was pissed beyond belief. Kotarou cursed at himself for thinking that he had won so easily. Suddenly, the hanyou felt the brunt force of the T-Rex's tail swipe attack.

Having hit directly at his injured ribs, Kotarou cried out in pain as he was sent flying. Hitting against the rocks hard, Kotarou bounced off the wall and hit the floor with a thud. The young hanyou tried to move but was in too much pain to even try. This is hopeless, he said to himself. Why even bother? He is way stronger than me. I can't win.

Suddenly, a memory flashed before Kotarou's eyes as he remembered something similar to this. It was the battle against Broli and the first time that he met Piccolo who had appeared before him. He remembered how, against all odds, Gohan was still battling against the Legendary Super Saiyan. They even had a massive beam struggle that could have easily wipe out the entire city of Mahora with Gohan sending out a Kamehame-Ha and Broli his Meteor attack. Gohan was losing ground to Broli's power. It seemed that Broli was going to win. That was until Son Goku appeared and spoke to them.

"He is a hero in his own right," Goku said. "All he needs is to hear his friends cheering him on."

That's right, Kotarou said to himself. When Gohan-niisan was facing against that monster Broli, he got stronger when he heard us cheer for him. He got his strength from a desire to protect those around him that were precious to him. Even if he didn't have any super strength, Gohan-niisan would have still fought tooth and nail. Negi as well. Then an image of both Chizuru and Natsumi appeared in the hanyou's mind as he realized that he too had people that were precious to him. And not only them but Setsuna, Asuna, Kaede, Ku Fei, Nodoka and even Ayaka and Yue were precious to him. The memories that they shared were special to him.

Clenching his fists, Kotarou knew what he had to do as he lifted himself from the ground. Jan's eyes widened a bit once he noticed that determined look on Kotarou's faces. His mouth turned into a smile. So, he's finally figured it out, Jan said to himself. Now, what is your next move Dog-boy? How are you going to beat that zowazowa?

Kotarou looked at the T-Rex intently as a grin appeared on his face. "It's show time," he muttered as he ran towards the T-Rex. The dinosaur was a bit curious as to why the hanyou was running towards him but it didn't matter to the beast as it went also on the attack. If the hanyou wanted to die so badly, what kind of a creature would deny that request?

The T-Rex, using its gigantic legs, started to sprint towards Kotarou as it opened its mouth wide open. Kotarou grinned as he began to run even faster. Jan leaned forward from his spot on the branch, wondering what the young hanyou was planning. The T-Rex bent its head down towards the running hanyou and was ready to eat him when suddenly, Kotarou disappeared as the dinosaur closed its jaws.

The T-Rex began to chew, only to realize that it wasn't chewing on the hanyou but rather on dirt. Disgusting! It spat out the dirt that was in its mouth and began to look frantically around for Kotarou. "I'm over here!" screamed a voice. The T-Rex turned its head to see that Kotarou had gotten behind him. The carnivorous dinosaur had no time to think on how the hanyou was able to get behind so easily since its brain was the size of a walnut. He only thought of one thing: food!

As the dinosaur rushed towards Kotarou, the hanyou cried out his attack. "INUGAMI! SHIKKUU KOKUROUGA!" With that, Kotarou summoned his dog spirits to aid him in battle to distract his opponent. Thinking that the dog spirits were real food, the T-Rex tried to chew on them only to realize that they weren't really real.

Then, using its nose and acute senses, the T-Rex found the hanyou a few moments later only to realize that Kotarou had Shundo-ed in front of it, holding a ball of shadow energy in both hands as if he were trying to form a Kamehame-Ha. "GARYUU, INUGAMI-RYUU, ROUGASOU-SHOUDA!" Kotarou thrust the ball into the gigantic dinosaur's head, knocking it out effectively. The T-Rex was out cold as it landed on the ground with a loud thud.

Kotarou panted a bit as he stood above the knocked out T-Rex. Trembling a bit, he let out a scream, "I did it! I finally beat him!" Jumping up and down, Kotarou shouted with joy. Jan smiled as he climbed down the tree and landed right next to the joyous hanyou. "Did you see that Jan-niichan? I finally beat that dinosaur!"

Jan nodded in agreement. "That you did," he said. "Do you know why?" Kotarou immediately stopped his cheering once he heard Jan's question. He turned to the young man with a curious look on his face. "It's because you found your resolve. Your 'heart'," Jan explained.

"I did?"

Jan nodded. "Of course. I realized it when you spoke of Son Gohan and the admiration that you had carried in your voice. That was why I wanted you to have a rematch with the zowazowa again," Jan stated. "The main reason on why you lost was that you carried no emotions in your fists, only doubt. When that happens, your movements become easily detectable that even a giant zowazowa like him could follow," Jan explained. "Even if you trained rigorously another three months, you wouldn't have been able to defeat him."

"I see," Kotarou responded as he looked at his hands once again. He realized that something was different this time around. His fists seemed different and stronger than the last time he looked at them. Kotarou chuckled happily to himself, glad that he finally found what he had been looking for these past three months.

Turning to the young man, Kotarou said, "Jan-niichan, thank you so much for your help. If it wasn't for you, I am not sure I would have survived or even for that matter found what I had been missing."

Giving a soft pat on the shoulder, Jan smiled at the young hanyou. "I'm glad to be of some help," he said. "What are you going to do now Dog-boy?"

Kotarou grinned. "Train of course," he said. "I need to get ready for Piccolo-san and his training."

"Would you like some help?"

"Huh?"

"It is three months away right?" Jan questioned. "Why not train with me? A sparring partner wouldn't hurt would it?"

Kotarou pondered a bit on that question. True, he could use a training partner but for most of his life, Kotarou had never trained before so harshly. He was always strong to start out with. He had never encountered such a situation. But the prospect of learning more moves, especially the art of Jyuken, sounded very promising. The young hanyou looked at Jan with a smile on his face. "Sure," Kotarou replied. "I would be very grateful."

Jan smiled brightly. "Yosh! I'm all nikiniki and wakiwaki !" Getting into a Geki Jyu Tiger-ken fighting pose, Jan grinned. "You ready Do- no wait. What is your name?"

"I'm Inugami Kotarou."

"Kotarou-kun, are you ready for this? I won't hold back!"

Kotarou smirked. "I wouldn't have it any other way." He replied. Kotarou was grateful to Jan for teaching him an important lesson about himself. He was excited at the prospect of fighting him.

Jan held out his arms, forming 'L's' with his hands. "Here I come. Tagire! Power of the Beast!" Jan then cracked his knuckles or rather his black and orange gauntlets on his hands. Jan the punched out with all his might and declared: "BEAST ON!"

A flash of orange light surrounded Jan which blinded Kotarou for a second due to the brightness. The light wrapped around Jan like a ribbons and a helmet formed around his head. As the light receded Kotarou was able to now take a good look at his transformed opponent. It was the same red figure from earlier that had knocked out the T-Rex. Kotarou could now see that his helmet was designed after a tiger.

"W-what is that form, Jan-niisan!" Kotarou wondered out loud.

Jan then proceeded to do his signature pose. "Infinite power flows through this body, Unbreakable Body!" Jan stated. "GekiRed!"

Kotarou stared at Jan in awe and then smiled. "Cool…"

Jan then further surprised Kotarou by suddenly jumping up into the sky. Kotarou gaped as he Jan climbed several stories with hardly any effort from what he saw. "Geki Waza!" Jan called out. "Hō Hō Dan!" A fiery blaze of red ki surrounded Jan as robotic-looking red tiger sprang forth from his being which he then jumped onto. Kotarou then realized the tiger was making a beeline straight at him as Jan rode it. Jan was starting off big. Kotarou smirked at the fact Jan was taking him seriously and was happy about it.

Kotarou then jumped to meet Jan as their paths intersected in midair. A new kind of training regime had begun for the hanyou without realizing it that would essentially rocked his world.



* * *



Three months later…

Piccolo approached his young apprentice quietly, following his ki signal. He found Kotarou making breakfast with a smile on his face. This was not what Piccolo had been expecting to see. Piccolo then decided Kotarou needed a reminder of what he needed to be doing and then took off at super speed, hoping to catch the hanyou off guard. Piccolo raised his hand as he proceeded to karate chop Kotarou. Kotarou only raised his right arm, blocking Piccolo's attempt with chopsticks. Piccolo's eyes widened at this. Kotarou then turned his head to look at him and smiled. "Would you like some?"

Piccolo couldn't help but smirk at this. "Interesting… You have definitely improved Kotarou." Putting his chopsticks away, Kotarou stood up while Piccolo crossed his arms as a wind blew through the area. "Now, what reason do you fight for, Kotarou? Is it because you enjoy it or is it something else?"

Kotarou was silent a few moments until he let out a sigh and spoke. "I used to think that being a lone wolf and fighting for my personal gain would help me get stronger. However, that is not true. These past six months showed me that. Now, I have a reason on why I fight."

"Oh? And what would that be?"

"I fight now to protect those that precious to me," Kotarou responded. "Sure, I enjoy fighting and I still see Negi as my rival but not because I enjoy fighting him but rather I see him as someone I could use to level up. There is more to life than fighting. I realized that now. And thus, I fight to protect just like Gohan-niisan and the others do."

Piccolo let out a small smile and chuckled slightly. "I'm glad that you found your purpose," the Namekian stated. "Now, let me ask you this: what is your reason for this training?"

Kotarou turned his body as the front part of his body face the Namekian. "To protect my friends. I will become the strongest to do so."

Piccolo grinned. "Good. Then I am your master! We are going to train for the next six months rigorously! We are going to train until you break down! Are you prepared Kotarou!"

Kotarou nodded. "Of course."

"Good, then let us begin."



* * *



After a day of training…

Kotarou was covered in cuts and bruises as he laid on the ground, sleeping soundly. Piccolo meanwhile, had been keeping watch, meditating until he heard a sound approaching. Alerting him, Piccolo flung his eyes wide open and prepared to send a ki blast until he recognized the approaching figure. "It's been a while," the Namekian said quietly.

"It sure has, Kami-sama," Jan said as he took a seat next to the Namekian.

"Call me Piccolo. The title no longer belongs to me," Piccolo responded.

"Well, when you helped us out during the Legend War against the Great Space Empire Zangyack, you were Kami-sama, albeit you were a bit older than you are now," Jan said.

"That is true. After all, Piccolo and Kami were once separate. It was by chance that Piccolo Daimao was sealed before that war, otherwise he would have joined with the Zangyack and the Earth wouldn't have been saved," Piccolo commented.

Jan nodded in agreement. "You are right Kami-sama."

A few seconds of silence occurred between the two of them as they stared off into the vastness of space. Piccolo was the first one to break the silence. "How did Kotarou do?"

Jan smiled. "He did exceptionally well. He is a quick learner. I wasn't sure why you asked for my help at first but after seeing that young boy fight for the first time, I realized why."

"Be grateful Jan," Piccolo said. "I had to do a lot of convincing with the owner of this resort to bring you and those dangerous animals in here. I'm sure that those things are taken care of."

"Of course," the young man nodded. "I wouldn't have come here if that weren't the case."

"I see… thank you Jan," Piccolo said.

"No problem Kami-sama. Just be sure not to be too hard on Kotarou," Jan said. "After all, he was my student for a brief time and I taught him some moves myself."

"Glad to hear that," Piccolo grinned ever so slightly. Jan bowed graciously to Piccolo before leaving him and Kotarou to themselves. Piccolo turned his head around to look at the sleeping hanyou. "Can't wait to see what you have learned Kotarou." Facing forward and looking straight out into the distance, the Namekian couldn't help himself but chuckle a bit. "This training may not turn out to be so bad after all."



* * *



Author's note: Hey everybody! Hope you all enjoyed this special Kotarou training chapter! Let me explain a little bit about Kandou Jan.

Does everyone know about Super Sentai? If you don't, then think about it as the Japanese equivalent of the Power Rangers, except that the Power Rangers were inspired by Super Sentai. Anyways, Jan is from the show GekRangers which I think in the US it is known as Power Rangers Jungle Fury. Because Jan was raised by wild tigers and pandas, he doesn't per say speak very well. So he uses certain words to express himself such as nikiniki. Interesting note that I just recently found out. The actor that plays Kandou Jan in the show is from Kitakami City, the city where I am currently living. Strange huh?

Anyways, here is a glossary on Jan's attacks:

Hō Hō Dan: Means Gun-Gun Bullet. Basically, Geki Red's Geki Waza projects his Geki as a Geki Tiger to fiercely attack the opponent with its strength.

READ AND REVIEW! I love hearing from everyone! Hope you all enjoyed the chapter! See ya around! Peace!





*Chapter 49*: The Formation of Nagi Search Party!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. See chapter 1 for details.

Author's note: Hey everybody! How is it going? Hope you all had a good week. Mine was good. A lot of time to myself and not much teaching. However, I have to get ready for summer school teaching which is going to be a pain in the ass but oh well. Summer is finally coming! Yay!

Anyways, I noticed that only 1 person reviewed the last chapter! What happened? Usually there is like 3 reviews or so but one? Come on guys! I know you all can do better than that! At least leave something!

I want to thank Gokai Entertainment for being my beta. He has been a great help. And now, let me present to you all Chapter 49 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 49: Summer begins! The Formation of the Negi's Father Search Party!

Things were hectic at Mahora Academy, especially in Class 3-A. After being told of the results of their mock test, the girls went to work on trying to get a good score for both of their teachers, Negi Springfield and Son Gohan. While most of the class studied by themselves or with a study group, the Baka Rangers were taking tutoring classes with Negi after school.

The Baka Rangers were greatly improving their scores except for one person; Asuna. Thus she had to stay longer than the rest of the Baka Rangers. Asuna let out a sigh of frustration as she walked alongside with the boy teacher. "Why am I the only one to stay so late?"

"You don't have a choice," Negi replied. "You're the only one with bad scores, Asuna-san. However, you have been making great improvements. Gohan-san tells me that you are doing well with his tutoring classes."

"Yeah, well…" Asuna trailed as her face blushed a bit. Gohan was being a good tutor to her and also it was a great way to get to know the demi-saiyan more personally. She only wished that she could apply what she learned during his lessons to the mock tests that Negi had been giving out. She needed to have a talk with Gohan later on.

Negi in the meantime smiled, drawing a confused look on Asuna's face. "Um… uh… Negi… are you still… bothered by what I said the other day?" Asuna asked. A few days ago, Asuna had confronted with Negi that he was acting too similar to Chao in that they both were single-minded people. Whenever Negi's father was mentioned, Negi would focus all of his attention to that subject.

Negi blinked a few times in confusion. "Huh? Was I acting strange again?"

"Oh, no! You're fine," Asuna responded. "You seemed like your usual self, but I just felt like… you know…" Clapping her hands together, Asuna bowed in apology to the boy teacher. "Anyways, I'm sorry about what I said! It was my bad! Forget what I said! I take it all back!"

"Huh? Asuna-san, don't tell me what happened the other day is still bothering you?" Negi questioned. Asuna nodded her head furiously but as a result, the two of them couldn't help but giggle at the situation that had just occurred. Sighing a deep breath, Negi spoke, "But… there's no need for you to apologize, Asuna-san. You brought up an important point."

"N… Negi…"

"As you said, Asuna-san, my father is everything to me. The word 'everything' may sound extreme, but he means the world to me," Negi said. "Chao-san couldn't stop what she was trying to do. I can't stop either. I've thought it over many times. I won't be able to change the way I feel, no matter how mad you get at me. Before the summer break ends, I plan to go to Wales. Maybe… I won't be coming back."

"Negi…!"

"When that time comes, Asuna-san… will you come with me as my partner?" Negi asked.

"Huh? What do you mean, 'as your partner'?" Asuna questioned. However, she remembered something that happened at the end of the Mahora Festival when Negi had asked Chao to become his partner as well. And Chao's response was that to be close and tender with the young boy before making it a joke. However, that didn't stop Asuna from blushing a bit, thinking that this was a love confession. "D-D-D-Dummy… what are you saying? You can't just ask me something like that out of the blue! Why me? What about Honya-chan?" Asuna asked. "Besides… there is someone that I like…"

Negi blinked a few times as the boy teacher was confused on what was going on. However, he didn't get to hear the last part as the two of them heard papers fluttering down the stairs. The two of them turned their heads to see Nodoka, Yue and Haruna standing before them. Nodoka was trembling in shock while Yue sputtered out nonsense. The two of them tried to run away but Haruna was able to stop them by using her pactio. "Now, now people…" Haruna said.

"W-Wait Paru!" Asuna exclaimed. "This isn't what you think!"

"Then what is it exactly, Asuna?" Haruna said with a smirk on her face. "Well, I guess… I just didn't think the final outcome would come this fast. This was just unexpected. Really… Negi-kun's in love with Asuna."

"What!" exclaimed the boy teacher. However, he wasn't the only one that was surprised as more papers fluttered, except that these didn't come from Yue, Haruna or Nodoka; rather from Son Gohan. Everyone turned around to see a shocked demi-saiyan standing before them.

"W-Wow, Negi-san…" Gohan stuttered. "I-I didn't think that you liked Asuna-san that much… I thought that you liked Nodoka-san or one of the other girls in our class." Asuna shrieked when she heard Gohan say that. She definitely didn't want the demi-saiyan to think like that at all. After all, she had strong feelings for Gohan. She didn't have any romantic feelings for the boy teacher.

"It's not like that Gohan-san!" Negi exclaimed.

"But Negi-kun, you were just confessing your love for Asuna, right?" Haruna questioned.

"Confess my…? What! Not at all!" Negi exclaimed.

"Um… well… if that's how you really feel, Negi-sensei…" Nodoka said as tears appeared in her eyes. "I want you to be happy!" Nodoka then rushed away from the scene quickly with Gohan not too far behind her.

"Me too! Take care of Asuna-san!"

"Nodoka-san! Gohan-san!" Negi cried out and was about to give chase to clear the misunderstanding, but luckily Haruna had caught both the demi-saiyan and the bookstore girl. Negi needed to clear this misunderstanding right now! "W-Wait a second! I wasn't confessing my love! What are you people talking about?"

"Eh?" Everyone sounded as they stood confused.

"Th-Then what did you mean about being your partner?" Asuna asked.

"Asuna-san, you're my partner, right? I figured I should tell you about my trip to Wales first," Negi explained. "I was going to tell Gohan-san and the others afterwards. I thought if I didn't tell you first, you might get upset."

"Th-Then… um… the confession?" asked Nodoka.

"You mean a confession of love?" Negi responded. "Of course I'm very fond of Asuna-san, but not in a romantic way." Gohan breathed a sigh of relief when he heard that. He didn't know that he was holding so much air in his lungs. Why did he freak out like that? The answer was very clear to him but he knew that he shouldn't expand on it. After all, he was a teacher.

Meanwhile, Asuna was trembling with fury as she activated her Kankaho and tried to beat the living crap out of Negi for putting her through such hell and embarrassment, especially when Son Gohan was there present.

As the two of them were fighting, Gohan and the other spectators couldn't help but think that their tiffs were becoming more extreme due to their increase in strength and power. Luckily, Gohan was able to calm everyone down as they all walked outside together.

"I was seriously embarrassed!" Asuna exclaimed angrily.

"I-I'm sorry," Negi responded.

"In the end, it was a misunderstanding," Haruna said while adjusting her glasses for dramatic effect. "Asuna, about your reaction… maybe you liked that idea?"

"Do you want to get smacked down?" Asuna said angrily as the two of them prepare to square off against one another.

"Heh, let's get it on!" Haruna said as she summoned her pactio guardian. May the winner get Gohan-kun! Haruna said to herself. However, Asuna knew what the manga artist was thinking.

"Too bad, Paru," Asuna responded with a jealous glare at Haruna. "Your artifact's powerless against me."

"Asuna-san! Haruna-san! Please stop!" exclaimed Gohan and Negi at the same time as they didn't want a crisis on their hands. Things were getting more and more out of hand now that almost everyone had a pactio and was acquiring strength beyond that of a normal human being.

"Oh yeah, what was that about you not coming back!" Asuna questioned. Negi flinched at the sudden change of subject by Asuna. "You're planning to go to Wales and not return? What about the class and Gohan? Are you going to leave him out to dry?"

"I'm not planning that at all," Negi replied. "I intend to come back! It's just… there's a chance… I won't be able to… that's all."

"Eh?" Everyone responded except for Gohan. The demi-saiyan had heard that something was in works when he was training with Negi but he didn't expect for the boy teacher to come up with a plan so quickly. He must have thought about this for a while now, Gohan said to himself.

"My father disappeared for a reason," continued the boy teacher. "I doubt he'll be found quickly. I'm sure that I'll face dangerous obstacles. It may be best for me to give up my search for my father. I can't do that. I'm sorry, Asuan-san. I've thought long and hard on this. There's just no way I can forget about finding my father. That's the way I am. If I give up on looking for my father, I feel like I'll no longer be myself.

"I think I'm being very selfish. This may be an irresponsible course of action for a teacher. Giving up isn't an option. I can't," Negi added. "I don't have any answers. That was all I could come up with. I'm sure I'll continue to ponder the same issue over and over. I won't be able to leave it behind me. So, I… I'm going to continue moving forward the way I am. 'People are often wrong when they claim they've gotten over or figured something out. If it's a big issue, you don't try to get over it. You hold it inside and move on.' These are words of someone I respect."

Gohan couldn't help himself but chuckle a bit as that was Chisame's advice right after the end of Mahora Budokai. Chisame's words definitely left an impression on the young boy teacher. "Geez," Gohan stated as he walked over to the boy teacher. "Sometimes Negi-san, you are pretty stubborn in your ideals. But that's what makes you, you. I will help you out in any way I can as we both will keep looking for your father together."

Negi awed a bit at the demi-saiyan's as well as his decision to help the boy teacher find his missing father. "Gohan-san…"

"Hey, don't forget about us," Asuna said. "Setsuna-san and I already decided to watch over you, regardless."

"Asuna-san…"

"Uh… um… Negi-sensei!" Nodoka said. "I want to go with you! Please take me along!"

"N-Nodoka-san?"

"You can't stop me!"

"I'm going as well!" Yue shouted in.

"Yue-san?"

"The Magical World, right?" Haruna said. "We'll follow, even if you try to leave us behind."

"Haruna-san… everyone…" Negi trailed, not realizing that everyone wanted to come with him, even with the unknown levels of danger that lied ahead of them. Negi couldn't help but feel extremely grateful and happy to have such people at his side. Bowing before everyone, he cried out, "THANK YOU VERY MUCH!"

And thus, the Negi's Father Search Party was formed and not a moment too soon as the following week passed by quickly. Class 3-A took their final exams and were able to get the second highest score in the whole Junior Academy. And just like that, summer came to Mahora Academy and at last, summer break had begun.



* * *



A few days later…

On a beautiful and bright summer day, Asuna had called upon Negi, Gohan and the others to come up to the roof of Mahora Academy. "Asuna-san, why did you call us all here?" the demi-saiyan asked since Asuna was very insistent of trying to get everyone to come. Gohan and Negi had the first half of their summer booked for training.

"What is it, Asuna?" Konoka added.

"I'm soliciting," the orange haired girl replied. Everyone blinked a few times in confusion as to what Asuna meant by that. Taking a sheet a paper that read 'NEW CLUB APPLICATION REQUEST', Asuna gave it to Negi for him to read it.

"A request to form a new club?" Negi questioned.

Asuna nodded. "Yep," she said.

"What kind of club are you trying to form?" the boy teacher asked. "You need at least five members for a new club."

"Listen Negi, you said that if you go to the Magical World that you may not be able to come back."

"Huh? Y-Yes, I did."

"That again, Ane-san?" Chamo said. "It's kind of like a country with its borders closed to the outside world. It's another world, in fact. Even when there aren't any direct threats against it, it's kinda like trying to sneak into Japan during the Isolationist period or Eastern Europe during the Cold War."

"That means you 'may not be able to come back'…?"

"Sort of…" Negi replied.

Gohan kept looking back and forth from Asuna and Negi as the two of them were talking. "I don't seem to get what is going on. Asuna-san, Negi-san did say that he was going to try to come back. After all, I am going to be with him all the way. Why bring up about the formation of a club to us now?"

"Well, Gohan, Negi's good intentions aren't good enough for me!" Asuna said. "You and Negi gotta come back, you hear! You both need to promise that you both will be back! It's one of your responsibilities as our teachers."

Looking at Negi, Asuna continued, "I'm not so cruel to make you do this on your own Negi, even with Gohan's help. You're not willing to stop until you find your father, right? I've decided to do everything I can to help you. The best way to do that is to actively help you locate your father ASAP. I've even asked Iincho for her help. And answering your question Gohan, let's just say the purpose and goal of this club is to help Negi find his father and make sure he comes back to this school. We're currently asking for ideas for our club's name! Of course, you, Negi, will be the faculty advisor!"

Gohan and Negi were a bit shocked on how Asuna came up with such a crazy idea. But then, it might work out after all. However, they were going to need funds for their trip as well as a clubhouse to gather in. And who better to ask that than… Evangeline!

"Club Negima (Temporary Name)?" Eva questioned as she was walking around wearing a white gothic Lolita outfit and carrying around a white umbrella. "What's up with that stupid name?"

"It's a club to help Negi find his father, Nagi, who is a Mage!" Asuna explained. "You got a problem with that?"

"I see…" Eva responded. "You're hoping to pay for a trip to Wales with school funds! Heh… ridiculous."

"Aww, come on Eva-chan," Asuna pouted. "Don't be like that. You're looking for Nagi-san as well, Eva-chan. What have you got to lose? Besides, you can't travel outside of the academy, so we can look for Nagi in your place."

Eva didn't respond for a few seconds as she pondered on that possibility. "Fine," sighed the Dark Mage. "I suppose I could be an honorary advisor to the club. In return, I want every piece of information you find about Nagi. That's my condition for joining, okay? Also, do something about the club name."

The girls cheered in delight. "Thank you, Eva-chan," Asuna said.

"What would an honorary advisor do anyway?"

"W-Well… there's something you could do for us, actually."

Eva knew that look. "So you want to use the 'resort' as your clubhouse. That's what you were after." Asuna laughed nervously as the Dark Vampire had caught on to their ulterior motives. Letting out another sigh, Eva agreed to the conditions.

Thus, the Dark Vampire took the girls to the new resort that Eva had installed of the training of everyone. The girls were easily impressed by the new resort. The girls, energetic as usual, went into the new four locations that Eva had installed. After a few minutes of touring, Eva and the girls came back to the castle to see Negi and Gohan greet them. "Asuna-san, you're here!" Negi cried out as he went out to greet his students.

Gohan put on his usual grin. "That must mean you got Evangeline-san's permission?" the demi-saiyan asked.

Asuna did the peace sign to show that everything went A-Okay. Noticing the scraps and scratches on both Gohan and Negi, Asuna started to get a bit worried. "You guys not pushing yourselves too hard are you?"

Gohan and Negi shook their heads. "This is actually what happens to us every time we train," Negi commented.

Gohan nodded in agreement. "Lately Negi-san has been getting stronger every time we train. I am very impressed."

The boy teacher blushed slightly at the compliment. "Th-Thank you Gohan-san."

"Say, where is Kotarou-kun?" Asuna asked as she glanced around, thinking that the young hanyou would be here as well. "We tried to find him so he could join us in our club. Do you guys know where he is?"

Gohan chuckled a bit as he motioned to a place far out in the distance. "See for yourself," the demi-saiyan said as everyone went to the edge of the railings to see what Gohan was pointing out when suddenly they felt a slight breeze. They immediately knew it was unnatural as they felt something like this before; like during the Mahora Budokai. They looked even farther out to see something amazing.

Out on the fields, you could see two blurs popping in and out of sight. One of which was a green Namekian dressed in purple and the other dressed similarly except it was a young boy with dog ears. Everyone recognized it to be Kotarou! "Is that Kotarou?" Kaede asked, sensing something different from the young hanyou than the last time they met.

Gohan nodded. "He has been training with Piccolo-san for a while now actually."

"How long-aru?" Ku Fei asked.

"I'd say, more than a year," the demi-saiyan replied. The girls' eyes flung wide open in shock.

"ONE YEAR?" They exclaimed.

"B-But that's crazy," Haruna said as she looked at the training session in progress. The girls noticed that Kotarou was working hard, his shouts evident over the racket that he and Piccolo were creating. Flashing in and out of super speed, both combatants hammered away at each other, focusing all their base power into this duel and pushing Kotarou to his limits. It was hard work, and you could see that.

Flashing out of super speed, Piccolo turned around and, on instinct, fired an orange ki blast straight into the air space meters away. The attack ripped through the air, hitting nothing and disappearing into the distance. However, what it did do was drive the particular fighter out of hiding. Materializing just a foot away from the path of the blast, Kotarou appeared, surprised none to say the least at what proximity he actually was to his opponent's attack. After seeing the beam die out, Kotarou growled and glared at Piccolo. Without a second thought, he dashed him, intent on locking him in a charge.

Piccolo backed up, taking the defensive. In a split second, Kotarou came at him with a powerful right punch. The attack connected with the Namekian's parry, the resounding shock waves kicking at the skies. Kotarou followed up this attack with a deadly combination of kicks and punches, these ones forcing Piccolo back ever so slowly through the air. Both of them growled with each and every effort put into the littlest of offensive and defensive techniques. Kotarou had Piccolo on the ropes, his fists pounding into Piccolo's arms.

Then after putting a significant amount of force into putting Piccolo back, Kotarou came in with a fast combination of two punches, both of which Piccolo parried away, but was unable to block the hook that came afterwards. This was closely followed by an elbow across the face, the blow staggering the Namekian. Gaining altitude, Kotarou then rammed a left roundhouse kick and then a right kick across Piccolo's face. The deadly combination that would have killed a normal man sent Kotarou's opponent flying through the sky, tumbling and spinning out of control, a trail of purple blood following the green fighter.

Kotarou smirked, throwing his right hand back and fisting it. Moving forward for extra momentum boost, the young hanyou threw his right hand forward in diagonal fashion. There was a quick zip and a burst of energy as Kotarou flung a golden energy ball chasing after his target. Piccolo was quick to recover.

Tucking himself into a ball, Piccolo spun and halted himself, fists at his sides and a firm stance in place. When he saw the energy ball flying towards him, he braced himself. Putting energy into his right hand, the Namekian waited for the attack to get close enough. The energy ball hooked left, flying at incredible speeds. Piccolo was ready. With a quick hand, Piccolo caught the sizzling ball in his right hand, which was protected by a resistance field. After a brief glance, Piccolo growled and cranked his right hand back. Like tossing a baseball, he threw the attack straight at Kotarou, who was flying towards him.

The young hanyou did a loop through the air, barely avoiding the attack and crossing his arms over his chest. Picking up speed, he hurled himself at his opponent. Piccolo was prepared, taking a stance. When Kotarou was in striking range, the Namekian leapt into the air, back flipping over his opponent at the same time Kotarou flung a hammer throw.

When Kotarou realized his target was no longer in sight, he began a ki search. This slow reaction proved to be his downfall when he was struck in the back by Piccolo's powerful flip kick. Letting out a yell, Kotarou plummeted from the force, heading straight for the valley below.

"Ah! Kotarou-kun!" Asuna and Nodoka cried as she, Konoka, Yue and Setsuna joined in as well as they had been inside the resort before doing their summer homework. Kotarou, unable to stop himself from free falling, landed hard into the valley, creating a large crater and a massive dust cloud.

The girls started to get worried about Kotarou's safety but luckily, Son Gohan was able to put their worries away when he said, "Don't worry everyone. Kotarou-san is fine. They weren't at full power."

"Are you sure Gohan-sensei?" Setsuna asked.

"Well…" Gohan said as he scratched his cheek. Suddenly a figure appeared before them, causing some of the girls to gasp in shock at the sudden appearance. Well mostly because it was Piccolo who had just reappeared, carrying Kotarou over his shoulder like a rag doll. This time though, the Namekian wasn't wearing his usual white cape and turban. Instead, he was wearing his purple gi, allowing him to show off his Namekian antennas. "Piccolo-san!" greeted the demi-saiyan to his former teacher.

"Hello Gohan," greeted the Namekian. Grabbing the young hanyou from his shoulder, Piccolo tossed him towards Konoka. "Heal him."

"Huh?" Konoka said as she looked at the Namekian with a curious look on her face.

"I know that you can heal him. After all, I have seen your pactio's power," Piccolo said. "So do it quickly."

Konoka nodded as she activated her pactio. "ADEAT! FLABELLUM EURI FLABELLUM AUSTRALE!" The young girl was engulfed in a bright light, transforming her appearance into that of nurse's outfit, similar to the one that she wore during the third day of MahoraFest. Using her magic, she quickly healed the young hanyou.

As soon as Konoka finished the healing process, Kotarou opened his eyes wide open and stood up quickly. Panting, he looked at his hands for a second before letting out a sigh of relief. "Man, I thought I was a goner for a second there," muttered Kotarou. Then, pushing off his knees, he got up to his feet.

"Kota-kun, you shouldn't move around too much," Konoka warned. "Your injuries were a bit severe. I think they might return if you continue to train."

"Don't worry Nee-chan. This is nothing," Kotarou said with a smile on his face. Compared to what Piccolo-san and I did before during my six month training session with him, this is nothing, he said to himself. However, Piccolo-san sure doesn't like to hold back in his training. There were times during our six month training period that I thought I really was going to die. He really is a strict teacher.

The girls suddenly realized something was different with Kotarou as they got a full glance at his body. He definitely looked bigger than before, not in stature but in muscles as well as this instinctive feeling that they had. He was completely different. Plus, he wasn't wearing his usual outfit but that of Piccolo's. He was wearing exactly the same clothes as the Namekian's. In such a short time, Kotarou had become like a completely different person.

"So, ready to start again Kotarou?" Piccolo asked.

Kotarou nodded. "Sure am." Piccolo grinned as he and the young hanyou started to float up into the sky. However, their flight path was interrupted when Asuna spoke up.

"Now hold it just a minute!" Asuna yelled. "Aren't you going a bit overboard Piccolo-san? I mean, Kotarou-kun is only a child."

"So, I trained Gohan when he was four," Piccolo deadpanned, causing the girls facefault.

"Still…" Asuna trailed, unsure on how to respond to that statement. She face palmed herself as she still had a hard time following the flow of these people. But it definitely explains the reason on why Gohan would be so attached to the Namekian since he knew him at such a young age.

"Piccolo-san, how long have you and Kotarou-san being going at it?" Gohan asked.

"Four hours Gohan-niisan," Kotarou replied for the Namekian.

"You guys should rest up a bit de-gozaru," Kaede suggested. "It might be a good idea to have a period of relaxation every once in a while." All the girls nodded in agreement as they all looked at the Namekian.

Piccolo let out a sigh, knowing that he was defeated. "Fine," he said as he and Kotarou landed on the ground softly. "Kotarou, get some rest. I'll be at waterfalls meditating." Within an instance, Piccolo's white cap and turban appeared on the Namekian, getting a few surprised looks from the girls as he flew towards the nearby waterfalls.

Kotarou let out a small giggle. "If you think that is something, you haven't seen anything at all," muttered the young hanyou as Chachamaru's sisters brought a tray of tea cups for the new residents to drink. Everyone grabbed their respected cups and began to drink a delicious tea that was sweet to the taste.

"Now that we have all that settled," Haruna spoke up, placing her cup on a nearby table. "We've got our honorary advisor and secured a clubhouse to meet in. That means we can officially begin our mission to find Nagi-san!"

Everyone nodded in agreement as they let out a cheer. "LET'S DO THIS!" Everyone cried out in cheer. However, Kotarou was unsure to what they were cheering for since he had been with Piccolo most of the time.

While talking amongst themselves, Asuna had separated from the group and glanced around the place. "Wowee, this place is amazing," commented the orange haired girl. "It's like a castle or something."

"It is a castle," Eva stated. "It's called Castle Lebens Schuld for your information. Besides, a first-rate mage has several fortified residences like this. This castle used to stand in the depths of the Dark Continent in the 19th century before I move it here. Of course, it was back when many were after the bounty on my head.

"I see…" Asuna commented as she glanced around but she had noticed that the Dark Mage had been giving her strange glares for a while now. "What?"

"Nothing," Eva replied. Within a few minutes, everyone began to train. Kotarou went back to training with Piccolo, while Gohan and Negi trained privately and away from everyone else. On the platform near the castle, Setsuna and Asuna were doing a friendly training session.

"Setsuna-san, do you think Eva-chan's acting weird?" Asuna asked her sparring partner as they traded blows with her harisen and Setsuna's boken.

"Evangeline-san, why?" questioned Setsuna as the two spread apart from each other, skidding along the floor of the platform.

"I've noticed Eva-chan's glaring at me a lot. Maybe I did something?" Asuna wondered, a little confused on Eva's attitude toward her lately as she darted forward toward Setsuna, attempting a two handed swing.

"I think it's your imagination. I must admit… You've been improving at an amazing rate, Asuna-san," Setsuna said, surprising the orange haired girl a bit.

"Huh… really?"

"Uh-huh. To start with, you're really athletic. On top of that, you're able to learn and retain information very quickly," Setsuna explained. "Couple that with your ability to use the complex Kankaho, as well as your natural magic cancelling power… if you continue to train at this rate, I believe you will eventually become more powerful than any of us."

"What! Really?"

"Well, maybe not Gohan-sensei, but out of all of us, you could very well reach Gohan-sensei's base level soon," Setsuna commented. Especially after what happened during the last moments of the fight against Tullece, Setsuna said to herself. I asked her about it but she said she couldn't remember. I wonder if Asuna-san knows about what really happened.

Changing the subject, Setsuna continued to compliment the orange haired girl. "The same goes for this club. To create a club like this in order to act proactively… I've spent my life following orders. I would have never thought of it. I'm impressed! I have a newfound respect for you."

Asuna couldn't help but blush at the praise. However, sadly with all the praising, she paused to rub her head in embarrassment. "Puhleeze! What's with you, Setsuna-san? You're making me blush." It was then Asuna was hit in the head while distracted.

"Ah Asuna, Setsuna-san! Oh man! This new clubhouse is fantastic!" called a voice that was Haruna, alongside, Nodoka, Yue and Konoka, all in maid outfits.

"Oi Paru what's with the outfits?" Asuna asked, wearing a small band aide over her head. At the same time, Konoka was asking Setsuna if she looked cute making the poor girl stutter a response while having a blush on her face.

"Isn't it cute? We borrowed them from Chachamaru's sisters. Seriously though, this castle is fantastic. Starting with the amazing hot springs and sauna… there's a whole body oil massage along with other aesthetic services (by Chachamaru's sisters of course), an amazing panoramic view of the falls from the sky terrace, and more…" Haruna listed off all the features of her new favorite place. "I could lounge around here all summer long and not get bored. Thanks Asuna! This was an amazing idea!"

"Right now we're concentrating on getting our summer homework done," Nodoka added. "That way, we have free time before the break ends."

"Unlike last year, it's going really smoothly," Yue said. "It's because…"

"It's more fun when we have a goal to achieve," finished Konoka. Clapping her hands together, Konoka said, "Right! I think it's time to pick a club chairman."

"Yeah, since it was her idea, I think Asuna should be the chairman," concurred Haruna.

"I think Asuna-san has leadership qualities," Nodoka added.

"Based on your performance during the school festival, I think you're the perfect choice!" Yue added.

Konoka giggled a bit. "Your popularity is growing, isn't it, Asuna?"

"Well…"

"You're the only one for the job, Chairman Asuna!" Haruna praised.

"If everyone agrees… I guess I can be the chairman of the club… heh heh heh," laughed the orange haired girl at all the praises that she was getting. But of course, there was always someone that would oppose that kind of idea.

"You're now the chairman, huh?" spoke Eva as she walked toward the group. She was dressed in a black dress and wearing a pair of glasses to help add an image of her as the honorary advisor. "I'm not so sure. I don't think you're suited for the role. As the honorary advisor, I have to vote against you."

This comment deflated Asuna's good mood instantly. "Why, Eva-chan? You have a problem with me being the chairman?" she asked the dark vampire.

"Hmph," sounded the Dark Mage. "Kagurazaka Asuna, you said that your intention was to 'protect Negi' like the assistant has done, but… can an inexperienced junior high school girl do that? The assistant can do it since he is a Saiyan. I believe that this idea of yours was something that you came up with on a whim, isn't it? You're all talk, Kagurazaka Asuna."

"Wha… What are you talking about? That's not true!" Asuna exclaimed as she was in denial of the accusation that Eva had listed earlier.

"How about a test then. A test to see if you can be the chairman. Will you accept?"

"Bring it on!" Asuna shouted.



* * *



A few minutes later…

Negi blinked a few times in confusion. "Uh… um…" sounded the boy teacher in confusion as he was unsure what was going on. He had been pulled away from Gohan's training by Eva for some reason. Gohan was confused too. He noticed that Asuna had changed into some new clothes and had a different demeanor than before.

"Um, Evangeline-san, what's going on?" the demi-saiyan asked as he had noticed that Negi and Asuna were facing each other in some sort of ring.

Ignoring the demi-saiyan's question, Eva went ahead in explaining the test. "The rules are the same as the test that the boya had to take to become my disciple! If you can land a blow on the boya, you pass! You have 15 minutes!"

"Are you sure?" Asuna questioned. "That's an awfully simple test. I can easily land a hit on Negi, you know." As Asuna said this, memories of sending Negi flying flashed through her mind.

"I don't have a problem with Asuna-san being the chairman," Negi commented.

"I second that," Gohan added.

"Quiet, you two!" yelled the Dark Mage, making Negi and Gohan flinch. "Listen up brat! Don't you dare hold back because I'll know!"

"Y-Yes Master!" Negi nodded.

"All right, then," Asuna said as she brought both her hands to the side. Calling upon both ki and magic, Asuan activated the Kankaho as well as her pactio, bringing forth her harisen. A bright aura engulfed the orange haired girl, getting a surprised look from Gohan as he noticed an increase in power coming from Asuna. Wow, Gohan commented to himself, I didn't think Asuna-san had improved that much. But still…

Heh heh, Asuna said to herself with a confident smile on her face. Negi's magic won't work on me! I've been improving my Kankaho and had recently fought against Tullece, so I should be as strong and fast as he is! I can do this! "Now, begin!"

I can't lose! Let's rumble! However, within a second, Negi had entered in her space, surprising the orange haired girl completely. Using swift movement, Negi knocked out the harisen from Asuna's hand and pushed away her other hand. However, Negi stopped right before landing the blow. "Uh… umm…"

"Hey, boya, why did you stop!" yelled Eva. "Follow through with your hits! Plus, take off those weights!"

"B-But…"

"Did Chachamaru hold back when she fought against you? Konoka's here, she can heal her!"

Negi nodded as he jumped back a few feet from Asuna. Acting accordingly with Eva's instructions, Negi began to take off the weighted clothes that Gohan had been giving him. Once he released them on the ground, cracks began to ring out from underneath. The group, which included Piccolo and Kotarou as Eva wanted them to witness this as well as maybe get some advice from the Namekian, was gaping at the sheer weight that the clothes were producing, except of course for Piccolo, Kotarou and Gohan. How much weight was the boy teacher carrying? The group of girls wondered.

Asuna was in shock too but she couldn't allow herself to show those emotions in front of Eva. That would make her argument sound. She definitely didn't want that. Proceeding ahead, Asuna went on the attack. Negi avoided the attack as he, momentarily, went on the defense.

Negi let out a small grunt as he side-stepped another downward strike from Asuna, making him shift back through the air to avoid the next attacks. The orange haired girl followed, continuously attacking and not letting Negi get the chance to attack back. She swung her harisen at Negi. The fan flashed passed Negi who was floating back fast, ducking and side shifting away from the swift strikes. With Asuna's enhanced strength and speed due to her Kanka technique, she was able to keep the boy teacher on the ropes for now at least.

However, suddenly, Asuna was knocked out by a devastating side punch from Negi at her gut. Asuna was sent flying, leaving her wide open. The boy teacher then teleported above the orange haired girl and sent her a kick that sent poor Asuna plummeting to the ground.

Negi quickly descended before Asuna could reach the ground as he laid out his knee to Asuna's gut. Asuna spat out some bile as Negi combined his two hands together and gave the orange haired girl a double axe-handle punch to her back, causing Asuna to crash into the ground hard.

"Asuna-san…" Negi cried out.

Gohan clenched his fists tightly. Turning to Eva, he said with a bit of worry in his voice, "Evangeline-san, she can't…"

"Continue until that girl cries uncle brat," Eva interrupted, showing no remorse on her face. "Stopping before she asks is an insult to her."

"But…"

"It's… it's not over yet… Gohan…" panted Asuna as she got up drunkenly. "I can… still go on fighting. I'm not done yet!" Getting herself in a sprinting pose, she dashed towards the boy teacher, ready to land a blow on him. As soon as she reached Negi, Asuna lashed out at him with an up-sideward strike, forcing Negi to side step it. She then struck out sideways, with the boy teacher ducking that and moving to the orange-haired girl's left.

Picking up the pace, Asuna continued lashing out at the boy teacher, only missing as he slowly backed away. Then, with a final stab move, Asuna sent Negi leaping back. Negi took his usual standing stance, watching his opponent catch her breath. This can't be…? Asuna gritted her teeth, annoyed that she wasn't able to land a hit on him.

Going on the attack again, Asuna dashed towards Negi. Suddenly, he phased out of sight making one of Asuna's slashes pass though only after-image. Negi took advantage of the orange haired girl being temporally off balance and appeared behind her planting his foot right in the back of Asuna's head sending the girl stumbling forward. Negi appeared right in front of her and drove his knee up into her stomach once again with incredible force sending her flying back into the railings again.

Upon hitting the railings, Asuna bounced back, leaving her wide open for an attack. Negi, taking advantage of that, appeared behind her and brought his foot around into the orange haired girl's shoulder. He then drove his knee up into Asuna's stomach hard and then brought both fists down on her back. Asuna hit the ground hard. She got to her feet panting slightly. Once she did however, she had to put her guard up when Negi came from the side with a roundhouse kick. Asuna blocked it successfully using her harisen. He's so much stronger. I had no idea, Asuna said to herself. Pushing Negi off, Asuna was ready to counterattack. I can hit once, at least!

15 minutes later…

Asuna panted heavily as she laid on the ground, utterly defeated by Negi Springfield. "Asuna-san…" Negi said.

Gohan clenched his fists tightly. "Asuna-san…"

"Hmph," sounded Eva. "You thought you could protect someone. What a joke. You're more of a hindrance. Like I said, you're nothing but talk, Kagurazaka Asuna."

Asuna trembled in anger. "What did you say!" shouted the orange haired girl. "I am not all talk!"

"Hmph… is that so? Every now and then you'll spout something relevant, but in the end, you're nothing but a young girl with precious little life experience. You were unable to land a single hit on the boya. You're not worthy of becoming the club chairman… You'll just hold the others back. I'm sure you can see that now."

"Uh…" Asuna sounded as she tried to come up with a response to what she said, which of course was mostly true. "I'll admit that I'm lacking in experience and skill, but…" Pointing at Negi, she continued, "He's been training two days' worth every single day in here. Plus he gets trained by Gohan himself. Of course there's bound to be a difference between us!"

"Are you saying that if you did the same training regime, you'd catch up to him?" Eva asked.

"O-Of course I would!" Asuna replied. "I'll not only catch up, but pass him up in no time!"

The Dark Mage chuckled evilly as she adjusted her glasses. Motioning for Piccolo to come up with her, Eva said to Asuna, "How encouraging. Are you saying that you're willing to accept my training as well as that of Piccolo's?"

Gohan shrieked when he heard Eva say that. She was going to do what? "Um, Evangeline-san, I don't think that we should have Piccolo-san involved in this."

"I have to agree with Evangeline," Piccolo stated, ignoring Gohan's comment. "She definitely needs this training." Asuna gulped, facing the prospect of being trained by Eva and Piccolo at the same time. Talk about a hellish proposition.

"This is your last chance to back out," Eva said. "Don't come crying to me afterward."

Asuna didn't respond for a few moments as she began to ponder. However, she didn't like being made a fool, so doing the 'logical' thing, she said, "Of course! I'll do it! Bring it on!"



* * *



A few minutes later…

"Uh… hey… WHERE THE HELL IS THIS!" screamed Asuna as snow fell all around her. As soon as she said that she could do the same training as Negi, she suddenly found herself in the mountains, surrounded by snow and cold. This place was hell as Asuna trembled in shivers.

"Isn't it obvious? It's a snowy mountain range," Kotarou said as he and Negi appeared right next to the orange haired girl. However, these two weren't bothered by the cold as Asuna was.

"Are you all right, Asuna-san?" Negi asked.

"OF COURSE NOT! I-I-IT'S FREEZING!" Asuna cried. "Plus, I'm wearing summer clothes!"

"Nee-chan, you can use the Kankaho, right?"

"That's right Asuna-san, use the Kankaho!"

"Huh? Kankaho? O-Okay," Asuna responded as she brought magic in her left and ki with her right hand. Combining the two elements, she did the Kankaho technique. Once the bright aura surrounded her, Asuna felt different. "You're right! I'm not cold anymore!"

"If you keep using yer power like this, yer gonna run out of gas right away," commented Kotarou. "You'll freeze to death in about 30 minutes.

"What!"

"Anyhoo, Kankaho is the bomb," Kotarou stated. "By activating it, it increases your strength and speed and protects you from physical and magical damage to a certain extent. It also rejuvenates you and protects from heat, cold, and poison. No wonder some call it the ultimate skill."

"Yeah, the both of us have to use our own versions of an anti-cold spell," added Negi. "Gohan-san however doesn't have to do that."

"Really? It's the same for Piccolo-san. I guess they use their ki to help battle against the cold weather."

"Hello! What the heck are you two doing being impressed?" Asuna exclaimed. "This isn't the time for a group discussion! At this rate, I'm going to be dead in half an hour, right!"

"Please calm down, Asuna-san," Negi said. "If you focus your energy of the Kanka, you'll be fine."

"How the heck do I do that!"

"If you can't, you'll die, so stop complaining and do it," Kotarou commented.

"Hold on a minute!" Asuna said. "Why does a junior high school student like me have to face a life-or-death situation!"

"Asuna-san… you're the one that wanted to be trained."

"I know, but…" Asuna trailed as she thought back to how all of this started. She might have said some stuff at the spur of the moment but she definitely thought that Gohan would be training her or something. She had mentioned that Negi had gotten stronger than expected because of the demi-saiyan's training so she thought, in hindsight, that the demi-saiyan would be training her at the resort. So why the hell was she here in this godforsaken piece of land?

"W-Well, you just need to survive for a week to pass this phase of the training," Negi continued.

"When using magic or ki, maintaining an efficient and optimum level of use is the basic foundation for everything," Kotarou added. "I learned a lot from this training."

"Well, if I die, it won't…"

"Please calm down, Asuna-san," Negi said with a smile on his face. "You have nothing to worry about, we're here with you!"

"Well, you are a girl and also a commoner… we'll back you up, Nee-chan!"

"R-Really?" Negi and Kotarou both nodded as the boy teacher went into higher ground.

"Okay then, I'm gonna go make a cave!" Negi said.

"Watch out for avalanches! I'll stay here and give Nee-chan some pointers." Looking at the orange haired girl, Kotarou started to give out some advice for Asuna to use in order to survive this godforsaken piece of land.

Noticing that Negi was creating a cave for them to stay in, Asuna began to wonder what kind of training that these two did in order to survive up high in the mountains as well as the cold temperatures. "So, Kotarou-kun…"

"Hm?"

"You two did this training already, right?"

The hanyou nodded. "Yeah, and it was rough! However, we did it at separate times."

"What do you mean?"

"Well, Piccolo-san was the first one to bring me here," Kotarou recounted his training with the Namekian. "And trust me, this is nothing compared to what he did to me."

"And that is…"

"Well, let's just say that I was trying to survive the cold and his attacks at the same time," Kotarou deadpanned, causing Asuna to sweat drop a bit at the comment. "I didn't realize it then but Piccolo-san is a strict teacher."

"I see," Asuna said, thankful that she wasn't going to go through that training regime… hopefully. "And what about Negi? Why did he come here?"

"It was Gohan-niisan's idea. Well, to be more accurate… Piccolo-san and that chibi vampire. The chibi vampire wanted Negi to learn the basics of maintaining his energy level for her mage training while Gohan-niisan wanted to him to maintain an optimum level of ki as well. He won't say it, but Negi got a lot out of it. I even noticed it during our sparring sessions."

"I guess you're definitely not like the other kids," Asuna commented. "Besides, you're constantly putting your life in danger to further yourselves. It's no wonder I'm getting left behind…"

"What are you talking about?" Kotarou questioned. "You kick butt, Nee-chan!"

"Eh?"

"In that match against Negi, he was trying to knock you out super- fast so that you wouldn't get hurt too badly," Kotarou stated, surprising the orange haired girl. "You kept on dodging, so his attacks kept missing so much that you managed to draw things out to the max. Not a lot of people can avoid Negi's attacks so well these days. Only Gohan-niisan, the chibi vampire, Piccolo-san and me can do so."

"That also means he's much more powerful, so he could go for an instant knockout, right?"

"I guess you could say that," Kotarou replied.

Asuna turned her eyes to the side, a little depressed upon hearing Kotarou's analysis. Come to think of it, Asuna said to herself, he never did aim for my face. Doesn't Negi realize that it ticks me off when he tries to be a gentleman… that part of his personality will never change, will it? Fine then! You just watch me, Negi! And you too Gohan! I'm gonna follow you both and catch up to you two in no time! As result of her pondering, Asuna began to unconsciously unleash more of her Kanka power, giving off the same appearance of that during the fight against Tullece.

She then, finally achieved an optimum level of the Kankaho, surprising the young hanyou. "Whoa!" Kotarou exclaimed. She gets it 30 minutes after we just started! Kotarou exclaimed to himself. Asuna-neechan is amazing! She's more than a quick learner! "Nee-chan, you did it!"

"Really? I did?" Suddenly, the Kanka aura that surrounded her had disappeared, leaving a surprised and cold orange haired girl.

"Oops, looks like you're out of gas," Kotarou commented.

Asuna shivered in cold. "I-I-I can't do this!" Asuna exclaimed. "It's so cold… I mean it's painfully cold! I'll die out here!"

"Asuna-san, Kotarou-kun, over here!" Negi called out the two of them as he motioned them to come up. Meanwhile, two mysterious figures were watching the whole scene with a bit of interest and disappointment.

"Wow! This is amazing!" Asuna commented as Negi showed her and the young hanyou to the cave that he recently built. "How did you dig this cave?"

"I maintained a Sagitta Magica in my hand and used the basic fire element spell along with it," Negi replied as he also made a fire inside the cave.

The three of them surrounded the fire as Asuna tried to warm herself up. "If you use this cave to slowly get used to your training," Kotarou commented, "I'm sure you'll get the hang of it soon enough."

Asuna nodded. "Right! I won't have to worry about freezing to death in here." Letting a loud sneeze, she said, "Oh no, the snow's melting on my clothes… I'm gonna catch a cold…"

"In that case, over here," Negi motioned to Asuna to show that he and Kotarou had made a heated bath just for her. How thoughtful of them!

Asuna then took off her clothes and the bells that Takamichi had given many years ago to relax in the heated bath. "Aaaaaa…" Asuna said with a relaxed look on her face. "This is so nice. A bath inside a snowy mountain cave. Talk about scenic. I was worried how hard this was going to be but if things are going to be this nice, the hellish training on this snowy mountain might be fun. I guess I'll relax here a little bit before trying again. Talk about paradise."

It would be better if Gohan were here, Asuna said to herself which immediately caused her to blush heavily. What am I thinking? I don't want Gohan to be here! He didn't even say or do anything to help me out! That jerk! After this training, I am going to give him a piece of my mind!

Suddenly, Asuna noticed something in the water; a smiling face that began to surface. Curious, Asuna looked deeper into the water until finally… someone came out! "YOU IDIOT!" Asuna screamed in fright as it was Eva that sprang a surprise visit on the young orange haired girl! Eva then proceeded to kick Asuna out of the cave, literally as she crashed through the wall.

Rushing out of the cave in worry, Negi and Kotarou went to check to see what had happened when they saw Eva standing before the orange haired girl, naked no less! "Hwa! Master?" Negi exclaimed.

"Dumb brats! I told you not to help her!" Eva reprimanded the two young fighters. "You think words like 'pleasant' and 'fun' should be used during training? Morons!"

"Asuna-san is still only in Junior High and…"

"That's right, and she's a girl on top of that!"

"Do you really think enemies will go soft on her just because she is a girl?" questioned a voice. Negi and Kotarou turned their heads around to see Piccolo standing before them.

"Piccolo-san!" shouted the two.

"I'm disappointed in you both," Piccolo said as he walked towards where Eva and Asuna were. "I would have thought that you two knew better, especially you Kotarou."

"B-But… Piccolo-san…"

"Silence!" Eva shouted as she summoned two Chachamaru-types onto the scene. "You're both worthless as trainers! Be gone!" And with that, the two young fighters disappeared instantly, leaving behind only Piccolo, Eva and a naked Asuna.

Turning to the two of them in anger, Asuna shouted as she tried to cover some parts of her body, "Eva-chan, time-out! I'm naked!"

"So?" Piccolo deadpanned, obviously not embarrassed by seeing Asuna naked.

"You two can't expect me to be on a snowy mountain without clothes!" Asuna exclaimed.

"Personally I don't have a problem with that," Eva commented.

"I do," Piccolo said. Asuna immediately began to look Piccolo in a light, thanking her savior. "I don't want to be the one to tell Gohan and Negi that she had died due to being naked." Asuna facefaulted. Thanks Piccolo-san, Asuna said to herself sarcastically.

"Anyways, what the hell am I supposed to do without any clothes?"

"I can fix that," Piccolo said as the fingers in his right hand began to glow profusely. Asuna shrieked upon seeing that, thinking that the Namekian was going to kill her. She needed to run away! However, it was too late as Piccolo sent out a strange looking ki beam at Asuna. Upon touching the orange haired girl's body, Asuna began to glow. Within moments she was clothed!

"What… the…?" Asuna sounded as she began to inspect her new appearance. She was wearing the orange and blue dogi, the same one Goku, Goten, Gohan and Kuririn wore. She had blue boots with yellow laces tied around them, orange baggy pants, a blue dogi belt, and an orange tank-top with a normal blue tank-top underneath it. On the back, there was large symbol for the kanji 魔 which meant 'demon' as well as a smaller one at the bottom corner on the front part of her shirt.

Asuna was definitely surprised at her new look as well as did Eva. Turning to the Namekian, she asked, "Why did you give her those clothes? I had a pair myself to give her."

"It's simple. That girl wanted to be trained by you and me so I thought of adding my personal touch in this training regime. The symbol that she has is not that of the Kame school that Son grew up in, but rather mine. Plus, I would be able to control on the amount of weight that those clothes could be given," Piccolo responded. "Also, this girl looks up to Gohan a lot so I thought that it might give her some motivation to train harder wearing similar clothes to that he had worn when he was younger."

"G-Gohan wore similar clothes?" Asuna questioned out loud as she began to inspect her clothes even deeper. It was true that the clothes felt different as they were heavy. Definitely Piccolo's doing. But the fact that Gohan used to wear similar clothes meant something special to the orange haired girl. In a strange way, she felt that a part of Gohan was with her now.

"Hmph, baka," Eva muttered. The Dark Mage then turned her attention at Asuna. "You remember that I have no reason to go easy on you and neither will the Namekian. Do you understand? If you don't put everything you have into this, you'll end up a corpse. In case you croak, you have no family. I'll arrange your funeral for you. Plus, I will take care of the assistant when you are gone so you can rest easy."

"Don't talk like that!" Asuna shouted. "I'm sure Piccolo-san can take care of… him…" Asuna glanced over to see that the Namekian had disappeared. Where did he go?

Suddenly, Asuna heard a familiar voice up above her. "Over here!" Her eyes widened when she saw that it was Piccolo! Launching his arm forward, Piccolo cried out his attack, "MAKANKOSAPPO!" A narrow beam shot out of his finger accompanied by a second beam that swirled around it, acting like a drill.

Luckily, Asuna had dodged it at the last second. Thinking that she was safe for the moment, she noticed another attack approaching except it wasn't coming from Piccolo but rather Eva! Thankfully, Asuna came out of it unscratched. "Hahahaha!" laughed the Dark Mage.

"This isn't funny! You two just tried to kill me!" Asuna cried. "This isn't training! Please! How could I possibly last a week without Negi or Kotarou-kun?"

"Then quit," Piccolo stated.

"Eh?"

"We have no use of a person who can't put any effort into her training."

"I put effort in my training! Just ask Setsuna-san!"

"An ordinary girl should act like one and just enjoy her summer vacation," Eva said, ignoring Asuna's comments. Pulling out a bell, she gave it to the orange haired girl and said. "I'll leave you with this."

"What is this?" Asuna asked.

"If you ring that bell, me or Evangeline will come and rescue you. If you do, that's the end of your training," Piccolo said.

"You can go ahead and ring that right now," Eva continued. "It's only a matter of time. You're nothing but talk after all."

"Don't mock me!"

"Hmph… just remember this… I have no interest in people with your type of personality; the happy-go-lucky types who babble thoughtlessly," stated the Dark Vampire. "You're just like any other stupid, average girl your age. I despise people like you, Kagurazaka Asuna. If I had to choose, I prefer people like Setsuna, the assistant or even Chao Lingshen."

"Well, then… pardon me for my personality," Asuna pouted.

Walking up to the orange haired girl, Eva took away the harisen that Asuna had recently summoned after Piccolo and the vampire had attacked her. "H-Hey, wait! Without that, I can't use the Kankaho!"

Piccolo didn't respond as he floated up into the sky, while Eva looked at Asuna with a look of curiosity. "Are you sure about that?" Eva questioned. "Try and see if you can remember." Following Piccolo's suit, Eva floated up into the sky. "Well, do your best. You'll be ringing the bell soon enough."

"W-Well, without my card, of course I'll have to!" Asuna exclaimed as she tried to chase Eva but was having great difficulty. "Damn! These clothes are heavy! What the hell did you do Piccolo-san! What am I supposed to do?"

Eva ignored the orange haired girl's rants as she came up next to the Namekian. "Are you sure about this?" Piccolo asked.

"What do you mean?"

"All of this, why even do it? Based on my observations, you don't seem to be the type to care for people like Asuna. So why do all this?"

"Heh," Eva chuckled. "I'm curious to see who she really is. After all, I saw what happened during the last moments in the fight against Tullece. I wish to learn more. Plus that idiot is trying to let go of what she finally managed to attain by going through this training. She's trying to lose the peace and freedom she's finally found by leaving the past behind. She's truly a fool." Piccolo didn't respond as the two of them flew across the snowy sky.



* * *



Meanwhile…

Back at the castle, everyone was diligently working in their 'training'. Gohan meanwhile, kept pacing around the place, trying to find ways to relax himself from worry. Clenching his fists, Gohan was getting more and more frustrated. He should have gone with Negi and Kotarou to help out with Asuna's training but he didn't due to Piccolo's insistence. Why was Piccolo so insistent that the demi-saiyan shouldn't come? He wasn't going to get in the way.

"Gohan-kun, you shouldn't be so worried," Konoka said as she went to comfort the demi-saiyan. "Negi-kun and Kota-kun are with her so she'll be fine. Plus Asuna had asked this herself."

"I know but…" Gohan said, turning his eyes away from Konoka. "I can't help but feel useless now. She might need me."

"I know how you are feeling Gohan-kun," Konoka said as she held the demi-saiyans hand intertwined with her own. "But you have trust Asuna in this. I'm sure that Negi-kun and Kota-kun are taking good care of her."

"I hope so." Gohan let out a smile, thankful that Konoka was there with him. However, he had failed to realize that he hadn't let go of Konoka's hand. Seeing Setsuna walking towards them, the demi-saiyan had incidentally let go of Konoka's hand which caused the girl to let out a small sigh. "Setsuna-san!" greeted the demi-saiyan. "How are you doing?"

"Good Gohan-sensei," Setsuna replied as she next to the demi-saiyan. "I have been making improvements in learning the Kaio-ken as you had instructed earlier."

"That's good news Se-chan!" Konoka complimented her childhood friend with a hug that got the swordswoman to blush in embarrassment. "I'm a little jealous that you get to learn such an amazing technique. I wish I could learn that too."

"Don't worry Ojou-sama. You have been making major improvements. I'm impressed.

"Me too," Gohan added. "It only seems like yesterday that you just started to learn magic."

Konoka nodded. "Well, everyone is working so hard, so I have to work hard too. After all, I am the healer of the group."

Gohan and Setsuna nodded in agreement with smiles on both their faces. Suddenly, Gohan sensed some familiar ki signatures entering. He turned his head to see Negi and Kotarou walking towards them.

"Oh! Negi-kun! Kota-kun!"

"Negi-san! Kotarou-san! What are you doing here?" Gohan asked.

"Negi-sensei, what happened? What's going with Asuna-san?" Setsuna asked.

"Well… Master kicked us out for being terrible trainers," replied the boy teacher.

"Really!" Gohan and Setsuna exclaimed. Negi and Kotarou nodded in disappointment.

"Just out of curiosity, is the training really that bad?" Konoka asked.

"Well… when Piccolo-san brought me there, I definitely thought I was going to croak," Kotarou stated.

"I am worried about Asuna-san," Negi said.

"No need to worry Negi-sensei," spoke Chachamaru as she walked towards the group. "The Mistress is strict, but she also has a kind heart."

"But what about Piccolo-san?" Negi questioned. "Kotarou-kun, what do you think?"

"Well…"

"Piccolo-san won't do anything too drastic," Gohan intervened which made everyone look at the demi-saiyan. "Piccolo-san is a strict teacher but he knows when to go soft. If Piccolo-san told you to leave, then it might have been for a reason. Piccolo-san knows what he is doing."

Kotarou nodded. "That's right. After all, I am his student!" Looking at Negi, he said, "Hey Negi, let's get a sparring session going!" Negi nodded as the two of them rushed off to another location to have their spar. Gohan couldn't help but smile at the high spirits that those two young fighters were displaying.

And what he said about Piccolo was true. If Piccolo had a plan, then he must have faith in his former master. Hopefully, Asuna would come out of this much stronger than before. Well, that was if she had survived the training. Please be careful Asuna-san, Gohan said to himself as he followed Kotarou and Negi to make sure that they didn't push themselves too far.



* * *



Author's note: Hey everyone! Hope you all enjoyed the chapter! We are almost to the Mundus Magicus Arc. Can't wait!

READ AND REVIEW! I like hearing from everyone, especially the new people who have joined the following! Well, see ya around! Peace!





*Chapter 50*: Hotel Celebration!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. Dragon Ball belongs to Akira Toriyama and Negima! Magister Negi Magi belongs to Ken Akamatsu.

Author's note: Hey everybody! How you all doing? I'm doing great! Summer is about to come around here in Japan, but man is it hot! I have take an extra shirt to work because of the heat and humidity. It's crazy! Anyways, we have reached to Chapter 50 of Saiyan in Mahora! Yay! To be perfectly honest, I didn't think that I would get this far. It is all thanks to you readers and reviewers out there have made this story what it is. I'm grateful to you all. Thank you!

I want to thank Gokai Entertainment for beta reading this chapter and helping me Kotarou's new arsenal. He has been a great help! So now, let me present to you Chapter 50 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 50: Hotel Celebration! A Visit from Negi's Past!

Seven days had passed in the resort since Asuna had agreed to the Dark Mage's deal on whether she should be chairman of Negima Club (Temporary Name). Everyone was worried, especially Gohan. There were at times that he had felt Asuna's ki slip to almost zero, which made him rush to transport. However, he was not allowed to even be transported. Curse Eva and her magical resort.

Thus, in order to put his worries, he helped Kaede and Setsuna with their training on mastering the Kaio-ken. It wasn't easy but it would that the two girls were getting the hang of it. Once he noticed that, he took Negi to train somewhere remote while the others began to improve their own skills such as Konoka.

"Look Se-chan, this bird is hurt!" cried Konoka as Setsuna had come over to check up on her childhood friend's progress.

"It seems to have an injured foot."

"Hold on, I'll cure you." Pulling out her wand, Konoka began the incantation. "PRACTE BIGI NAR TUI GRATIA JUPITER GRATIA SIT… CURA!" A bright aura surrounded the bird's foot and within moments, the foot was much better! Setsuna was definitely impressed. Amazing, she said to herself. She's truly gifted in the art of healing. She has really improved over these last seven days.

Konoka turned to her friend as she noticed that Setsuna had several cuts on her hand. "Hey, wait! Are you hurt, too, Se-chan?"

Setsuna blinked a few times in confusion until she realized that Konoka was referring to the injuries to her hand. "Oh, this is nothing, really," replied the swordswoman. "It was from the Kaio-ken training with Kaede earlier."

"No, no, no!" Konoka shook her head as she pulled out her pactio. "I'll heal you right now! ADEAT!" Suddenly, a bright light encased Konoka as her clothes had switched to the clothes that she wore during the last day of MahoraFest. Approaching her childhood friend, Konoka forgot to ask about something. "Hey, Se-chan, when did you get hurt?"

"Huh? About 30 minutes ago."

"Oh, no!" cried Konoka. "My artifact can only cure within three minutes of the injury. I'm so useless. I'm sorry, Se-chan."

Setsuna wailed her arms. "Oh, no, that's not true at all!" Then Setsuna noticed a weird look on Konoka's face as she had her finger in her mouth.

Giving her an idea, Konoka grabbed Setsuna's injured finger and put it in her mouth. "Maybe I can make it better by licking it." This course of action of course made the swordswoman blush heavily in embarrassment. Konoka giggled at Setsuna's antics as she parted from her quickly. "Ahahahaha! I'm only kidding! I can cure a little wound like that with magic."

"Please don't do that again, Ojou-sama," Setsuna muttered with a heavy blush although some part of her wanted Konoka to continue what she was doing.

Inspecting Setsuna for more injuries, Konoka commented, "This large injury… I'm still not good enough to heal."

"N-No, really, this injury isn't really all that bad."

"No, no… don't be like that Se-chan. Asuna's training really hard so I have to do my best too!" Konoka stated. "In the future I'm going to be a magical healer who can cure any injury!"

Setsuna smiled at Konoka's statement. Such determination, Setsuna said to herself. It makes me happy to see Ojou-sama looking forward to her future like this. I suppose the credit should go to Asuna-san and maybe Gohan-kun for their positive influence on everyone. Setsuna then noticed something that she had been curious about ever since Konoka had activated her pactio. "By the way, Ojou-sama, about that outfit…"

"It's one of the bonus abilities of the Pactio card," Konoka explained. "You can register on top of the default outfit it comes with. Didn't you know that? Maybe you should register a new outfit too, Se-chan?"

"Uh… I'm… all right…" At her childhood friend's insistence, Setsuna changed into the maid outfit that Chachamaru's sisters wore. And with that, Konoka went on ahead to see anyone who wanted to get their injuries healed. She was very excited at the prospect. Setsuna couldn't help herself but smile at Konoka.

Looking at the sky, Setsuna began to ponder on something else. It had been a few days since she last saw Gohan or Negi for that matter as they had gone out to train. I hope Negi-sensei and Gohan-kun are okay, Setsuna said to herself. It has been a while since I last saw them. I wonder to what they are up too.



* * *



Meanwhile, in another cold location that was far away from Asuna's location…

The vast, icy valleys strung by frozen vines, accompanied by the distant cottage and the torn up castle provided two particular fighters with all the training they needed. Out here they were unbounded by limitations, thanks to the absence of man and animal. The ground shook and trembled before a line of fiery explosions trailed across an open area. Debris flew everywhere as the balls of yellow, fiery energy erupted, like machine gun bullets riddling a wall. The sounds they made were loud, and the force they possessed was incredibly violent. When it cleared, leaving a dissipating cloud of smoke, a figure materialized out of thin air.

Wearing only his dogi pants, weighted training wrist bands, ankle bands and shirt, Negi was hard at work. Pivoting on the spot under the strain of the one ton weights, the boy teacher glared towards the distant ridges of the valley. Glaring with teeth bared, Negi saw a figure appear out of nowhere, hovering several meters above the ground in a jumping stance. The character whom he was fighting was Gohan, wearing his purple training dogi with his jet black hair.

Gohan was only seen for a brief moment before it suddenly flashed out of view. Suddenly, there was a chain reaction of rising energy, followed by the sudden appearance of ki shards. The blue shards appeared out of nowhere and fell to the ground like regular falling objects. But as soon as they struck the ground, they exploded like napalm. The trail of fire charged straight for Negi, the ground exploding with the trail, rubble and debris flying everywhere.

Baring witness to the trail of fire, Negi took a hard stance, watching the wall of bellowing flames heading towards him. With a low growl, Negi flung both his hands out and unleashed a powerful ball of magic energy. The attack grew in size, becoming large enough that by the time the napalm trail hit him, it was forced back by the equaling energy and force of the produced attack. After brief impacts of flame against energy, Negi fired the attack, a powerful blast rattling up the fire and tearing it apart. The energy blast soared skywards, disappearing seconds later. The fiery explosions that had charged Negi before had dissipated, leaving only charred remains of vines and torn up earth.

Growling and looking from left to right, Negi began to seek out the demi-saiyan warrior. When he eventually felt his ki, he was a little too slow to react when a series of golden energy blasts came raining down from the skies above. The rain of missile like attacks, consisting of twelve of these, plummeted straight for Negi at top speed. The boy teacher knew he had to get out before he was mercilessly hammered.

So, powering up using a technique that he had been practicing for a while, he made a break for it, flying straight forward. At the same time, he shifted from left to right as a precaution as the attacks came raining down on him. The attacks tore up the ground, creating a massive explosion that sent dust and debris everywhere. Once he was sure he had gotten away, Negi landed, after which he flipped forward and landed so that he had faced the way he came.

Suddenly, the smoke parted and, shooting out of the black essence was Gohan. With a loud yell, Gohan flew directly at the original, sending a powerful hook across Negi's face. The boy teacher was flung back from the force of the blow, blood spilling out as he flew along. Gohan pursued, grinning with his blue aura wrapped around him.

Getting a grip on himself, Negi pulled himself out of his flight path and began back-flipping across the valley. When he had gained full control over his momentum, he flipped back upright and skidded across the ground. The icy fields allowed him to slide across, friction now unable to stop him. While he was sliding, Negi threw his right hand back and then forward, pitching a blue ball of energy at his opponent. Gohan leapt out of the way, avoiding the attack which struck elsewhere. The demi-saiyan warrior then flew on.

Skidding to a stop, Negi picked up where he left off and sprinted forward at super speed, zipping across the frozen valley and leaping at his opponent. With a yell, Negi hooked right and came at his opponent from his left flank. Gohan predicted this movement and turned, ready to face his student. From here, the two locked in a heated engagement of flying fists and kicks. The flurry of attacks was uncountable. It was intense and fast, shockwaves repeatedly rebounding off of them. Blows struck home, as the fight carried both Gohan and Negi up into the skies, both of them still locked in a furious battle. After reaching an altitude where they were barely visible, they suddenly kicked away from each other before vanishing into super speed.

Shock waves began to ring out, streaking across the skies and ground. More craters were formed, as well as cracks and crevasses. You could see the trails of invisible explosions, but it was impossible to see the two fighters because they were going at such high speeds. It was a wonder how someone can get so strong so quickly. And in spite of all the damages, they never brought the fight even close to the castle.

After a super speedy battle that raged on for several more minutes, it was soon brought into an almost climactic finish. Appearing out of thin air, Negi powered up an attack. His right hand lit up with a blue ball of energy, surrounded by golden electricity. "RASTEL MASKIL MAGISTER! VENIANT SPIRITUS AERIALES FULGURIENTES! CUM FULGURATIONI FLET TEMPESTAS AUSTRINA! JOVIS TEMPESTAS FULGURIENS!" Bringing it about, he threw it forward while flying backwards through the air. The attack soared down in a blue flash. Suddenly, Gohan appeared, a bit battered and bruised with a bleeding lip, but was relatively okay. When he saw the attack fly towards him, he powered up. A field of aura appeared around him, the energy ball striking but shattering on impact. It was knocked aside like it was nothing. Now that the path was clear, Gohan prepared to launch another assault. Throwing his right hand forward, he unleashed a barrage of blue energy balls that flew at Negi at very high speeds.

The boy teacher also threw his left hand forward and unleashed his own barrage, these ones being blue energy blasts, regular by standard. He continued firing, even if he was ruthlessly pounded by Gohan's attacks. Gohan was also bombarded, but continued flying at his counterpart, firing off attacks mercilessly. In the skies you could see one figure approaching another, streaks of gold and blue flying through the air toward either side like an exchange of missiles and bullets. It was not to last.

Seconds later, Gohan vanished, disappearing into thin air. The battle worn Negi growled and looked around, attempting to find his opponent. Suddenly, he felt a sharp pain jab into his back when he was sent plummeting by a down-ward hammer fist strike from the demi-saiyan warrior. Negi fell like a bomb, unable to stop and spiraling out of control. Within moments, he made contact, forming a huge crater and sending dust into the air. The earth shook with his landing.

Shaking and trembling in the crater, completely exhausted, Negi staggered back up, one eye shut with the other one open. Through a blurry vision, he looked over to the edge of the crater. There, he saw Gohan land, arms crossed and glaring down at him. Then, without hesitation, Gohan let out a grin. "Amazing Negi-san! You almost pushed me to the limit of my base form. Another few minutes of fighting and I would have had to transform into a Super Saiyan."

Negi bowed in appreciation. "Thank you Gohan." However, the boy teacher was struggling to stay balanced. He felt like falling forward and lying on the ground but he knew that he couldn't do that. Not in front of Gohan, someone that he finally felt that he could let inside in his inner circle sort of speak. Collecting his remaining energy, Negi forced himself to stand up firmly in front of the demi-saiyan. "Gohan, let's go for another round."

Gohan flinched at this, surprised to see Negi so determined. He had noticed that boy teacher had been improving greatly much to his surprise. The fact that the boy teacher wanted to continue after such a rigorous training session was surprising. His Saiyan blood was telling him to continue to fight but Gohan knew otherwise. They needed a break. Plus, Negi needed to get healed before seeing everyone else again for a BBQ that Haruna had planned to have at the resort.

Jumping down to Negi's level, Gohan patted the boy teacher's shoulder. "I think we should stop for now Negi-san," Gohan said with his father's signature grin on his face.

"Why?"

"Because we have been going at it for a while now; plus, we have to go to that party, remember?"

Negi widened his eyes. "That's right! I forgot! I can't believe that you remembered Gohan."

"Well… just the thought of meat and food is enough for me to remember," Gohan said with a bit of saliva drooling at the side of his mouth. "Now, let's get going for the food, I mean, party!" Negi nodded in agreement as the two of them went on the special magic circle to go the castle.

Once they arrived they noticed that almost everyone from Class 3-A was there. Sayo, Kazumi, and Chisame had even come here. Negi was the first to greet everyone with Konoka quickly coming over to him to heal his injuries. Due to him being a gentleman, Negi couldn't refuse the offer. Gohan giggled at the scene as he also appeared. "Hello, everyone!"

"Gohan-kun/sensei!" greeted the girls.

"Yo Gohan-niisan!" shouted Kotarou as he tried to land an attack on the 'unaware' demi-saiyan. Of course, that failed miserably as Kotarou was in Gohan's way to the BBQ. You don't want to get in the way of a Saiyan when he was hungry.

"Nice try, Kotarou-san," Gohan muttered as he went to the table to grab almost everything that was in display. "Mmmm! Delicious!"

Chisame couldn't help but sweat drop at the fact that Gohan was eating so much food and at such a rapid pace. "What the hell is his deal? Does he know that we have to at least wait for Kagurazaka?"

"Gohan-kun has a ferocious appetite Chisame-chan," Kazumi commented. "When he gets like that, there is no stopping him. You must have seen him eat a couple of times."

"Yeah, but why? I mean, he practices martial arts; shouldn't he be worried about his weight?"

"According to Saiyan autonomy, they must consume large amounts of food in order to satisfy their large metabolism," Chachamaru stated. Chisame let out a sigh as she remembered that Gohan was half-alien. It seemed so strange that a person like Gohan was part of an alien race.

"Speaking of Asuna-san, she should be returning any time now," Setsuna commented. "To be honest, I'm concerned about her well-being. I'll go get her."

"I'll come too Setsuna-san," spoke up the demi-saiyan after finishing an entire roll of meat. "I'm worried about her too."

"We'll come too!" Both Negi and Kotarou cried out.

"No," Gohan stated, surprising both the young hanyou and the boy teacher.

"Why not Gohan?" Negi asked, getting a curious look from Haruna as well as Chamo.

"Yeah why not?" added Kotarou.

"Because you two need your rest, especially you Negi-san," Gohan commented. "We have been training for very long periods of time. Your muscles need time to recuperate. Plus, I think there are some people that wish to learn from you."

"From who?"

"Umm… Negi-sensei…" Negi turned around to see Yue and Nodoka standing before him. "We have finished 78 hours of study just like you asked us to."

"What! Really?"

Yue and Nodoka nodded. "Y-Yes! I have!" Yue said.

"I haven't finished the practical applications but, I've finished the studying part," Nodoka added.

Negi brought forth a bright smile. "I'm really impressed," he said. "Then I guess while we wait for Asuna-san, I can teach you some things."

"Thank you Negi-sensei!" replied the two girls.

Gohan let out a smile. Turning around and walking towards the magic circle that led to where Asuna was at, he motioned for Setsuna to tag along. Soon enough, the two of them found themselves in a thick fog in which they couldn't see anything farther three feet ahead of them. Gohan and Setsuna looked at each other and knew another way to search for someone; by looking for their ki signatures.

Once they found Asuna's ki, Gohan and Setsuna climbed up to see Asuna standing before Eva and Piccolo. They had noticed that Asuna was wearing an outfit similar to that of Goku's. Plus, Gohan had noticed that it was similar to the one that he had worn during his training with Piccolo.

Eva then threw the orange haired girl's pactio card at which once Asuna caught it immediately summoned, pulling out not her harisen but her sword. Panting, Asuna let out a small smile. "Seven days!" she said. "I made it through! Any complaints?" Eva and Piccolo responded in silence which caused Asuna to get a little annoyed at their lack of response. "Well, say something, will you?"

Piccolo's eyes moved towards the Dark Vampire to see how she would respond. But the chibi vampire was silent. Piccolo went forward to say something but he was interrupted. "Why?" Piccolo turned his head to see that it was Eva who had spoken.

"Evangeline…" muttered the Namekian.

"Why didn't you give up?" Eva asked the orange haired girl. "There was no reason for you to go to these lengths."

Asuna let out a sigh. "I don't know why."

"Was it for that boya and the assistant?"

Asuna blushed a bit as she thought up her response. "Well… yeah."

"Hahahahaha!" Eva laughed.

"But… that's not all," Asuna said as she Shundo in front of the Dark Mage, patting her head. "I figured in order to say friends with dummies like you, I knew I couldn't bring myself to just give up, no matter what happened. Did you know, I don't hate you at all Eva-chan?"

Eva gritted her teeth. "Arrgh! Let go of me!" She then tossed Asuna like a rag doll which caused Asuna to do several flips in the air and landed on the ground hard.

"Ouch! That hurt! How can you treat a half-dead person like that after all that training?"

"Shut up, you idiot!"

Gohan, Setsuna and even Piccolo smiled at the scene. Gohan let out a sigh of relief. It would seem that his faith in Asuna as well as that of Piccolo was true. He had noticed that Asuna was definitely different as it would appear that she had grasped the Kankaho to a greater extent. Now it was time for her to put her knowledge to the test. As he was about to suggest for him to train the orange haired girl, Eva laughed out loud, getting confused looks from everyone.

"Fine then!" Eva said with an evil grin on her face as she took off her winter jacket, revealing herself dressed in a Lolita outfit with the words 'Master' written vertically. "Fine, I'll take you on as my disciple like the boya and train you myself! With Piccolo's help, I'll build you up into a monster worth of serving me… I'll make you a great warrior, the future mid-level boss of evil!"

"Eh?" Asuna sounded as a sweat drop appeared on her face. "H-Hey, wait a second! I didn't agree to any of that!"

"Too late now! I won't accept any excuses! You will see this through to the end!"

"I don't want to be a mid-level boss of evil! That's so not cool!"

"No more complaints! Furthermore, while being my disciple, your attire will always be black, Gothic-Lolita clothes!"

"NOOOOOOOO!" Asuna screamed in shock upon hearing that statement. "I don't like frilly clothes! Spare me!"

"Shut up! It's your Master's order!"

"Nooooooooooooooooooo!" Gohan, Setsuna and Piccolo stood by as they watched the interesting interaction between Asuna and Eva. It sure was going to be interesting the next few days of training.



* * *



A few days later (in the real world)…

"Fwo fwo fwo," the headmaster chuckled as he read the request for a new club presented by Asuna, Konoka, and Setsuna. "A British cultural study club, eh?"

"Uh… y-yes," Asuna responded nervously as she worried that after all the efforts that everyone had done in order to get ready for Mundus Magica, that their application might be denied.

"Hmm…" the Headmaster said as he stroked his long beard in thought upon reading more into the application. "It seems you intend on studying more than just British culture. Am I right?"

"Well umm…" Asuna began to think that maybe it would be better that they came out clean with it and said its true purpose. "Headmaster, about the…"

"Well," interrupted the Headmaster, "I suppose they say that young kids need to see the world." Grabbing his seal stamp, the Headmaster stamped for approval on the formation of Asuna's club. The three girls thanked the headmaster and hurriedly rushed to see the others to tell the good news.

Within moments, everyone from the group had heard the news. And then, within a few minutes, everyone appeared on the rooftop of Mahora Academy. "All right line up and count off from the right!" Eva commanded.

Everyone nodded as they began to count down from one till they reached thirteen people. "All right! Your Negima Club (Temporary Name) has been officially approved by the Academy!" Eva stated. "I'm sure that, as an official Mahora Academy club, there will be great advantage to you in traveling both domestically and internationally for research. Are you happy, brats? If you are, call out!"

Everyone looked at each other with smiles on their faces. "YES!" They all shouted. You could see that almost everyone was dressed in their battle gear. Asuna was wearing a Lolita outfit just like Eva had asked her to. Setsuna her maid outfit, while Yue, Haruna, Kaede, Ku Fei, Konoka and Nodoka wore the same outfits they wore during the last day of MahoraFest. Negi, meanwhile, was dressed in his green suit and Kotarou sported an outfit similar to that of Piccolo's. Gohan, in the meantime, was dressed in his father's signature clothes of the orange and blue dogi.

Kazumi was definitely impressed at the outfits of the group as well as the photo that she just recently took. "I have to say… you have a pretty gallant-looking party going here," Kazumi commented. "I'm thinking that there's no way an ordinary person could defeat you!"

"Not quite Kazumi-san," Gohan stated. "Everyone has still a long way to go."

"Including you Gohan-kun?"

The demi-saiyan nodded. "I still have areas to improve on. Plus, I still need to get stronger for when Tullece returns."

"Don't worry about him Gohan-kun," Haruna said. "If he comes around again, we will be prepared, especially me! I felt a little useless the last time so I pushed myself to the limit. I realized that the more I master my artifact, the deeper it gets."

Gohan let out a small chuckle. "That's what training is all about."

"True, but then again, Asuna's really improving under the personal training from the Demon Queen of the Dark," Haruna said, motioning towards Asuna.

"Thanks for the compliment Paru but I've got lots to learn," Asuna said. Gohan smiled brightly which caused some of the girls to get curious on why the demi-saiyan was smiling so brightly. "What's the matter Gohan?"

"Nothing," Gohan replied. "I'm just impressed at everyone's resolve. To be perfectly honest, I thought that after the training we have done so far that you guys would think that you had reached your peak. But when you all mentioned that you still need to improve, it made me very happy. As I said to Negi-san and others, there is always room to improve yourself because there is always guaranteed to be someone stronger than you out there."

"Then let's keep training!" Konoka suggested. Everyone agreed and cheered at the prospect while Chisame contemplated on why the hell she was here. While she pondered on the reasons, she gave a quick glance at the demi-saiyan and his family trademark grin. Blushing at the thought that one of her reasons was to get closer to the demi-saiyan was preposterous.

Meanwhile, Eva looked at the interaction with interest as she and the boy teacher stood next to each other. "Honestly, they're acting like a bunch of overexciting kids," commented the Dark Mage.

"Regardless, just like Gohan, I'm happy everyone is being so positive and motivated," Negi added.

Looking at the boy teacher, Eva asked, "When do you leave?"

"It's planned for August 12th."

"A bit over two weeks, eh?" Eva responded with an evil grin on her face. "If we push it, we can squeeze in another three to four months' worth of training."

"Eh?"

"You're planning to visit the capital, right?"

Negi nodded. "Yes, I plan to see what information I can gather in the capital city of Megalomesembria; maybe a few trips to the surrounding tourist areas. I don't seriously expect to find my father during the summer vacation."

"Well… the mainland is developed and fairly safe," Eva commented. "As long as you don't leave the capital, you shouldn't run into any danger. Hopefully, they won't need their training. That's probably why you look so calm about this trip right now."

"Well… it's hard to get into the magical world, but there shouldn't be any dangers as long as we stay on the surface."

"Heh… well… Everyone should enjoy the trip to the Magical World and treat it like a sightseeing vacation."

"I agree," Gohan said as he came to check up on Negi and Eva. "We don't want to endanger anyone. Speaking of which, Negi-san could you tell me more on…" Suddenly, a ringtone was heard which caused everyone to stop talking as they turned their attention to the location of the sound. It appeared to have come from Gohan's cellphone.

Gohan quickly answered his phone. "Hello?" Within an instance, the demi-saiyan shouted, "Videl-san!"

"Videl?" Asuna, Konoka, Haruna, Kaede, Ku Fei, Kazumi, Setsuna and even Chisame began to focus more attention on Gohan's conversation as they began to wonder on what the two were talking about.

Gohan, meanwhile, couldn't help feel this sense of dread coming from behind him. He needed to talk somewhere else. "I'll be right back," he said as he moved away far away from the group so he could talk privately with Videl.

The girls began to contemplate on why Videl called him or even for that matter, had his cellphone number. "Why did Videl-san call him now?" Konoka questioned.

"Gohan-sensei did mention that he had received many missed calls while he was training at the resort," Setsuna commented.

"But what is so important that she would call him so many times?" Asuna wondered jealously.

Then everyone noticed that Gohan had hung up on his phone and let out a sigh. Walking towards everyone, the demi-saiyan was approached by everyone on why Videl called. Letting out a sigh of defeat, the demi-saiyan said, "Videl-san called to see if I was still coming to the party."

"What party Gohan-kun?" Kazumi asked.

"The preview gala for Mister Satan's new hotel, in honor of his win against Majin Boo," Gohan replied.

"But didn't Goku-san defeat Majin Boo de-gozaru?"

Gohan nodded. "It's okay though. My Dad doesn't mind it. But we all have been invited to the party."

"THAT'S GREAT!" cheered everyone which of course was not Gohan's intention.

"But wait…" Gohan tried to say but he was drown out by the chattering of the girls as they all began to talk on what outfits they should bring. Kotarou and Negi had even entered into the conversation as well. Gohan let out a disappointing sigh. I should have told them that the party invitation was my family and my friends, not them, Gohan said to himself. But I can't tell them that they weren't invited. They would get so mad. Oh well, hope Videl-san doesn't mind the extra company.

However, Gohan had failed to realize that more people were about to come to this event as two little mischievous girls had heard everything that Gohan had mentioned about the party, among other things.



* * *



Meanwhile…

At the infamous Tokyo Narita International Airport, a flight coming from England had just arrived at Terminal 1. Within the arrival passengers, there was a small girl who was wearing a witches' on her head. Letting out a sigh, she said out loud, "He keeps saying he's coming back and never does!"



* * *



The next day…

Gohan was up earlier than usual. He didn't sleep much throughout the night as he was nervous on bringing so many additional people. He didn't have the heart to tell them no and after discussing with his parents, Gohan decided to allow his friends from Mahora to come. To be perfectly honest, it was going to be very personal for the demi-saiyan as he was going to meet everyone that he hadn't seen for a while.

Dressing in a beige suit, Gohan walked out of his dorm supervisor room and out of the girl's dormitories of Mahora Academy. Upon exiting, he saw something that he didn't expect. It was the club group as they were waiting for Gohan to come out. Gohan blinked a few times to make sure what he was seeing wasn't a mirage. "Uh… guys… is that you?"

"Who do you think Gohan?" Asuna commented which Gohan let out a sigh. Yup, it's them alright, Gohan said to himself.

"Thank you for inviting us Gohan," Negi said. "I hope we won't be a bother to you and the others."

Gohan cleared his disappointed look off his face and showed his father's signature grin to the boy teacher. "Why would you think yourself a bother Negi-san? Dad and the others like you. Goten was just telling me on the phone yesterday that he can't wait to see you and Kotarou-san."

"Really?"

"Heh. I can't wait to show Trunks on how much I have improved," Kotarou commented. "Maybe we could get a sparring session."

"I wouldn't expect too much Kotarou-san," Gohan responded. Then he heard the roaring engines of a Capsule Corporation Airship that was enough to carry lots of people. It was big and yellow but what was interesting that it had Mister Satan on the side. Gohan couldn't help but chuckle upon seeing that.

The aircraft landed and immediately the back door, opened. Within the shadows, a figure appeared before the group. "Ossu!" greeted the voice as they had recognized it to be Son Goku with his usual grin on his face. He was wearing his usual orange and blue dogi but with the Kame symbol on his shirt this time around. "How've you been?"

"Goku-san!" greeted the group.

"It's been awhile hasn't it?" Goku said as he inspected everyone. "You have all improved greatly since the last time I saw you."

"But I wonder about their other skills," spoke another voice, this time coming from Goku's wife, Chichi.

"Hi Mom."

"Good morning Chichi-san," bowed everyone in greeting the wife of the Saiyan hero of Earth. Chichi smiled at the display that everyone was showing. She had expected a bit less of them because they were still teenagers, but it seems that everyone has improved on certain areas since the last time she was here. Well not everyone.

"Hi Chichi," Asuna said with a smile on her face.

"It's Chichi-san, Asuna-san," Chichi reprimanded. "I'm surprised that you are even here. I thought that you would be taking summer remedial courses."

An angry tick mark appeared on Asuna's head. "Th-Thank you for the vote of confidence," Asuna said angrily.

"Negi-kun!" screamed a voice from Chichi's behind from whom everyone recognized. Out of Chichi's shoulder sprouted a mini version of Son Goku… Son Goten. "You're here!" The little demi-saiyan warrior went rushing to greet the boy teacher.

"Goten-kun," greeted Negi as the two shook hands and had a small spar too. "It's good to see you."

The chibi demi-saiyan put on a bright smile before being reprimanded by his mother. "Goten-chan! What did I tell about greetings? You can't go fight everybody you see."

"Sorry Okaa-san."

"Hahahaha," laughed Goku at the scene. "Well, it's good that everyone is here."

"Hey, don't forget about us," spoke a voice. Gohan and the others peered back to see Kuririn, Yamucha, Puar, Oolong, Kuririn's wife Artificial Human No. 18, and Marron.

"Kuririn-san! Yamucha-san!" greeted Gohan. "It's good to see you."

Yamucha put a smile. "It's a been a while Gohan," spoke the former desert bandit. "Kuririn told me about your job as assistant teacher as well as a ladies man." Gohan flinched a bit and immediately glared at Kuririn, who was chuckling. Yamucha appeared next to the demi-saiyan. "You know, I can give you some pointers if you want. I can also teach you on se…"

Suddenly, Yamucha's ear was being pulled by no other than Chichi. "I will not have you teach my Gohan-chan bad things," reprimanded Goku's wife.

Yamucha wailed his arms. "O-Of course not, Chichi-san!"

Everybody laughed while another figure appeared from the seats. His infamous sunglasses were glaring at the sight of a specific object as he walked towards everyone. "Woo-hoo!" Everyone turned their attention to approaching figure who was none other than the famous martial arts teacher, Muten Roshi.

"Hi Muten Roshi-sama," Gohan greeted but Roshi ignored the demi-saiyan as he went to greet the girls, especially Kazumi.

"Nice to see 'the both' of you," Muten Roshi said, pointing at Kazumi's breasts. Putting his hands to his hands, Roshi pretended that he was in between those breasts of hers. A trickle of blood began to drop from his nose as he motioned, "Puff Puff!"

Suddenly, out of nowhere, Roshi was hit hard by a frying pan. "Muten Roshi-sama seems as healthy as always," Chichi said angrily as Roshi fell to the ground. Everyone shrieked a bit in fear as they heard about her frying pan of death but never had they seen it before. Gohan and Goku were the exception of course.

Oolong, sighing, looked at his perverted partner in crime in disappointment. "Yup, and as lecherous as ever," said the talking pig while Roshi was seeing stars.

"So is everybody ready to go?" spoke at the front part of the aircraft. Peering out was Videl as she was the pilot of this aircraft. "Ah Gohan-kun, there is an empty seat right next to me if you want it."

"Okay," said the demi-saiyan as he walked to the front. As he walked to the front, he however didn't get to see Videl's glare at the girls. Some of the girls that were vying for Gohan's affections, of course, didn't take very kindly to that glare. Despite that, they didn't do anything in retaliation as they thought they would have a good opportunity during the party.

Once everybody took their seats, Videl lifted the aircraft into the air and off they went. However, little did they know that they would be followed by another aircraft and a small witch on a broom.



* * *



A few minutes later…

At the new hotel for Mister Satan, the banquet was being prepared as the chefs and waiters laid out the food for everyone to eat. Mister Satan inspected everything as he wanted everything to be perfect. As he grabbed a piece of food that was to be tasted, Satan said, "Hmm, how's it taste?" After chewing it, a bright smile appeared on the World Champion's face. "Yum."

"Satan-sama!" Mister Satan turned around to see the head manager of the hotel as well as the event before him. "Your guests have arrived."

"Excellent," Mister Satan said. "Treat them like VIPs, got it?"

"Of course," responded the head manager. "However, there is a slight problem on the number that you told us were coming to this event."

"Why? Did something happen with some of the guests?" Satan asked.

"Well, not exactly. It seems one of the guests had brought along his friends as well," the head manager stated. "Plus, there is an incoming aircraft from the Yukihiro Conglomerate here as well. A delegate from a family appears to want to participate in this event as well."

Satan shrieked when he heard that a delegate from the Yukihiro Conglomerate was here! The World Champion began to ponder on what he should do. He had stated that this would be a private event for those who participated in the defeat of the evil Majin Boo. However, a visit from the Yukihiro Conglomerate could really boost the advertising of the hotel. Plus, he could get a big sponsorship from them. He would be set for life!

Clearing his throat, Satan said, "Let them in. After all, this is supposed to be a grand party. Tell the cooks to prepare more food."

"Hai, I understand," the head manager said as he went to give out the new orders of Mister Satan.



* * *



Meanwhile…

"Wow!" exclaimed some of the girls as they got a clear view of Satan's new hotel. This hotel had almost everything that you could think of. It had its own lake, hot springs, a patio at the lake, a luxurious garden with the biggest bush being the face of Mister Satan himself. It was a grand hotel that could satisfy anyone's ego.

"This place is impressive," Negi commented as he watched some of the girls go ahead of him to see more of the hotel.

"It sure is," Gohan added.

"I don't know about you guys but this hotel seems like it was built to satisfy his enormous ego," Asuna stated as she knew more about Satan than any of the other girls from Mahora. After all, she saw him during her small trip to Gohan's memories. "If you ask me, he shouldn't have to build such a grand hotel for himself. There's even a gold statue of him at the front."

"I wouldn't worry about him too much Asuna-san," Gohan said with his father's signature grin on his face. "Mister Satan may be sometimes a bit egotistical but he is a good guy. After all, if it wasn't for him, the Earth wouldn't have been saved from Majin Boo."

Asuna blinked a few times. "Really? Hm… I guess I could cut him some slack." Glancing around, Asuna noticed that someone was missing from the group. "Hey, have you seen Kotarou-kun?"

"Kotarou-san went to see Trunks," Gohan replied, "which reminds me… Negi-san, let's go. I want to show you to some of my friends."

Negi nodded happily as the two rushed to where everyone was at. Asuna couldn't help but smile as everyone was having a great time. Setsuna and Konoka were walking around together with smiles on their faces. Kaede and Ku Fei were trying to find ways to ask Mister Satan for a practice match. The Library Club, which consisted of Yue, Haruna and Nodoka, enjoyed resting at the lake. Chisame, meanwhile, was intrigued by the fat pink blob known as Boo. Of course, little did she know that this was the good part of the entity known as Majin Boo. But she didn't need to know that of course.

Suddenly, Asuna heard a chuckle that she could recognize from anywhere. "Ho ho ho!" Asuna flinched and immediately turned around, thinking that this said person couldn't have possibly followed them to here. "My, what a nice hotel!" It was Yukihiro Ayaka!

"I-Iincho! What are you doing? This event is supposed to be a private party for Gohan and his friends!" Asuna exclaimed.

"What about a private party?" Ayaka said with a smile on her face. "I'm just here to enjoy the new hotel of Mister Satan. After all, I am part of the Yukihiro Conglomerate and came here as their representative to see it for myself. Ho ho ho!"

"We're also here!" screamed some voices that Asuna dreaded to be not true. They had belonged to Yuna, Akira, Aiko, Fuka, Fumika and Makie as they were all dressed up for the party too.

"Asuna, how dare you not tell us about his party?" Yuna said, pointing at the orange haired girl. "It seems like you wanted Gohan-kun all to yourself!"

"That is not true!" Asuna responded with a blush on her face.

"Ho ho ho! You can't escape that fact Asuna-san," Ayaka said with a smile on her face. "You don't have to lie to yourself anymore."

"But…"

"Who cares?" Makie yelled. "How dare you plan to go with Negi-kun and the others on a personal trip to Wales? Asuna, you traitor!"

Asuna flinched. "Wh-Where did you hear that? I-I don't know what you are talking about."

"Don't lie to us Asuna!" Yuna continued. "You were planning to go to England without telling us, weren't you? I thought you would be a rival that wouldn't play dirty! How could you!"

"Now wait just a minute…"

"I have to agree with them Asuna-san," Ayaka said. "How cruel can you be, Asuna-san? You have me provide you with information while you won't inform me of a major event!"

"Iincho, it's not like that…"

"Others like Honya-chan and Paru are going, aren't they?" Makie said. "Why are we being left out? You're just mean, Asuna!"

"It's not like I was trying to leave you out of it," Asuna responded. "Listen, we are going to a dangerous place. We have been training since the school festival had ended. The reason we didn't everyone is that it was going to be quite dangerous, even for us." Ayaka raised her eyebrow when she noticed the look on Asuna's face.

The girls were about to protest some more before Ayaka stopped them. "Hold on a minute!" she said. "I know that we all want to go with them but we have to face facts people."

"What do you mean?" Yuna asked.

Ayaka let out a sigh. "I know this might be uncharacteristic of me but I think we should let them go." The girls were about to protest some more but Ayaka quickly silenced them. "When Asuna-san shows a face like she did before, it must mean something important."

"Iincho…"

"I do have more to say, Asuna-san…"

"Yes?"

"This summer, I will vacation in England. Just a personal preference," Ayaka stated with Asuna face-faulting. "Maybe I'll run into you again over there, just like today!"

"You haven't given up at all!" Asuna exclaimed.

"Heh, I never said I wanted to join your club. It's not like you can stop me from taking a personal trip to England!" The girls cheered in appreciation and even more when Ayaka mentioned that they were going to take her personal jet.

Asuan face palmed herself in disappointment. She never learns does she? Asuna said to herself. Speaking of which, I should check up on Negi and Gohan to see what they are up to.

Once Asuna left, Ayaka let out her laugh once more. "Ho ho ho! It seems like she fell for it."

The girls blinked a few times in confusion. "Fell for what?" Yuna asked. "What are you talking about?"

Ayaka trembled in excitement. "It is true that we are going to England, but… I also want to be part of the Negi love club~!"

Yuna and Akira couldn't help but face fault. That's our Iincho all right, Yuna said to herself. Back to her old self.

"So what do you have planned on getting into the club?" Makie asked.

"Well, I heard from a good source that we have to do a certain thing in order to get in…"



* * *



A few minutes later…

Gohan and Negi stood at a nearby beach close to the new hotel as they enjoyed the view of the ocean. "This is nice," Gohan said as he enjoyed a breeze that was coming through.

"I have to agree Gohan," Negi added. The two of them looked at each other and couldn't help themselves but laugh and smile.

"There you are." The two of them turned to see Asuna running towards them. "I've been looking for you two."

"Is the food ready?" Gohan asked. Asuna shook her head which immediately caused Gohan to let out a disappointed smile.

"Don't worry Gohan. I'm sure that they will be ready soon," Negi commented.

"Thanks Negi-san."

Asuna smiled at the interaction between the two teachers. "I'm glad."

The demi-saiyan warrior and the boy teacher both blinked their eyes a couple of times in confusion. "Glad of what Asuna-san?" Negi asked.

"For a minute there, I thought that you wouldn't be able to have any fun once we came here."

Gohan widened his eyebrows. "Really?"

Negi scratched his cheek in embarrassment. "It's true Gohan," he said. "I sometimes don't know how to have fun." Gohan and Asuna both laughed which of course made the boy teacher pout.

Up on a nearby ledge, Haruna, Yue and Nodoka were all watching the scene with interest. "They all seem really close," Yue stated.

"You think?" Haruna and Nodoka said with a hint of jealousy. Nodoka was jealous of Asuna's relationship with Negi while Haruna was slightly jealous of Asuna's relationship with Gohan.

Yue nodded. "Don't know if their relationship is romantic in nature, but…

"It means they're all over each other!" Haruna, Yue and Nodoka all widened their eyes. They thought that one of them was a bit too forward. They looked up to see a small girl wearing a modern witches' outfit. "I've come all this way to find him totally flirting with another girl! He's such an idiot!" Jumping into the air, the girl went on the attack.

"FORTIOUS LA TIUS LILIS LILIOS…" Negi, Gohan and Asuna all felt a sharp increase. "NEGI!" All of them looked up to see a small girl ready to burst into the scene… literally. "ANYA FLAME BUSTER KICK!"

All of them dodged the attack. Gohan and Asuna immediately went into the battle positions. "Is this an attack?" Gohan said with a stern look on his face.

Negi shook his head. "No, I think it's…"

"Heh," chuckled the girl. "You were able to evade me. Seems like you're keeping up with your battle skills." Removing her witches' cape, the girl revealed herself. "You're still puny and dumb, Negi!"

"Anya?"

"What!" Gohan and Asuna said, surprised that Negi knew this person and was being so informal as well.

"Anya, what are you doing here?" Negi asked. "Aren't you a fortune-teller in London?"

"What do you think? I'm here to take you back home," Anya replied. However, she noticed that her robe had started to catch fire. Quickly running over to land, she tried to put the fire out. Except that it got worse with her hair and butt catching fire. Luckily Gohan put it out with some water.

"Why are you here, Anya? Seriously," Negi asked once more, thinking that Anya couldn't have come all this way just to do that.

"I'm here to take you back home!" Anya exclaimed. Grabbing hold of Negi's arm, she said. "C'mon, let's go home!"

Negi flinched. "Go home? Why!"

"Why? It's summer and you haven't even visited home yet," Anya replied. "Your sister Nekane's sad, so I'm here to haul you back."

Gohan, Asuna and Negi widened their eyes in surprise. "What?"

"Let's go! Come with me!"

"Whoa! Wait a sec!"

"I went to Mahora Academy but you weren't there. However, I saw that you boarded an aircraft and followed you here!"

"Wait, Anya-san!" Gohan said, stopping the small girl from going any further. "Negi-san has a lot to do before he can go back home."

"That's right," added Asuna. "Right now, he's our club advisor and we're at a private party. Can't you wait a little longer?"

Anya, of course, gave off a jealous stare at Asuna once she noticed the different 'assets' that Asuna had to offer. She knew then the real reason why Negi hadn't left before. However, she began to inspect the other person, Son Gohan. Negi had told her sister about him but she didn't care much about him since he appeared to be a weakling, according to her eyes. Maybe Negi also felt compelled to protect such a weak mundane, wondered Anya.

Bowing in appreciation, Anya said to both Asuna and Gohan, "Pleased to meet you both, Asuna and Gohan. Thanks for looking after Negi."

"No need to be so formal," Asuna said with Gohan nodding in agreement.

"Nice to meet you Anya-san," Gohan said with a bright smile on his face.

"Don't worry! I'll take care of Negi from now on. Later!" Within a second, she pulled Negi and her jacket along, running away from both Gohan and Asuna. Asuna sweat dropped at Anya's sudden action.

Anya looked back with a grin on her face as she felt she was leaving Asuna, her enemy, in the dust. However, she bumped into someone and fell butt first on the ground. She looked up to see Gohan standing before her. The small girl's eyes widened in surprise. When did he get the jump on me? She asked herself.

Gohan bent down and offer his hand to support. "Anya-san, I'm sorry but Negi-san has been invited to this party. You can't take him."

Anya was about to respond when one of the managers from the hotel appeared. "Everyone! The food is ready!"

Anya blinked a few times. "Food?"

"Anya, you must be tired from your long trip from Wales," Negi commented. "At least stay for the party."

Gohan nodded in agreement. "You definitely should. I heard that there is going to be an all you can eat buffet!" Gohan shouted excitedly. Asuna couldn't help but sweat drop as she wondered what Goku thought when he heard about that too. Anya pondered on the subject for a bit before agreeing to come with them to party.



* * *



A few minutes later…

"Thank you for traveling such great distances to be here today," Mister Satan said in front of everyone as they all had taken their seats. Each person was seated with their family members or close friends. Gohan, Negi and Kotarou were seated at the same table with Anya taking a seat next to the boy teacher.

"We are here to honor those who fought and vanquished the evil Majin Boo as other invited guests! Please enjoy yourselves," Mister Satan continued. A few murmurs were heard as some of the girls were a bit confused on why Satan mentioned that part of Majin Boo.

"Hey Negi, isn't that Mister Satan?" Anya asked as she was wondering for a while why his face was familiar.

The boy teacher nodded. "Yes he is. He is actually a close friend to Gohan's family."

Anya widened her eyes in surprise. "Really?" She then began to take a closer look at the demi-saiyan. He doesn't look like much, Anya said to herself. But why does Negi hold this guy in such high regard? He looks like a complete weakling to me!

Suddenly, everyone began to hear voices approaching the area. "There! Over there!"

Mister Satan turned around to see a group of reporters coming straight at him. "Who are you?" asked the World Champion.

A blonde reporter began with the questioning. "Mister Satan! Your thoughts on the opening of your hotel built to commemorate Majin Boo's defeat."

The reporters were restless as they wanted to get an exclusive interview with the Champ. "Explain yourself, steward!" Satan yelled.

The head manager bowed his head in disappointment. "I said 'no press today' but…"

"I wish he'd start this soon. I'm weak with hunger," Goku stated as no food had arrived yet.

"What's the hotel name?" asked another reporter.

Satan shook his head. "I don't know!"

The head manager cleared his throat. "The name is…" he said, causing all of the reporters to rush over to where he was at. Unveiling a curtain, he displayed the name of the new hotel. "The Mister Satan's World-Saving Defeat of Majin Boo, Super Gorgeous Hotel!"

Satan shrieked. "What?" Embarrassed by the name, he tried to cover it as much as he could from being seen or having its picture taken. "No, stop! Don't look!"

But of course, the press thought differently at them as they began to give compliments to the World Champion.

"How appropriate, Mister Satan!"

"It's wonderful!"

Mister Satan blushed. "You think so?" The reporters nodded as they began to feed more compliments, enhancing his already large ego.

Videl couldn't help but face palm herself. "Ugh, I've a bad feeling about this."



* * *



Meanwhile…

On the upper level of Earth's atmosphere, two space pods tore through the sky at lightning speed. It was like seeing two meteors coming down. The closest city to these pods began to panic and run away in fear as the two pods crashed through, tearing up the city. Explosions rocked the city as the pods went on their way to a landing spot. A new threat to Earth was approaching.



* * *



Author's note: Hey everybody! I hope you all enjoyed the chapter. I decided that as my 50th chapter, I should have the Dragon Ball OVA as the basis of the chapter. However, it turned out to be way too long. So, I separated it into two chapters. Hope you all enjoy this one and the next one.

READ AND REVIEW! I can't stress that enough. Anyways, I'll see ya around! Peace!





*Chapter 51*: Negi's & Kotarou's Time to Shine!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. See chapter 1 for details.

Author's note: Hey everyone! How you all doing? I'm doing great. Except the only problem is that the rainy season has started which means... no sun! It's been cloudy and rainy this whole week. So depressing. Anyways, enough of my ranting.

Thank you all for your support in the last chapter in celebrating my 50th chapter. It's been a long time, especially with the breaks and trying to update this as much as I can. But, I have been thinking about something. If I am able to finish my chapters quickly enough, I might be able to update twice a week. It's not definite but I'll let you know if it will happen.

I want to thank Gokai Entertainment for beta reading this chapter. He is awesome! So now, let me present to you all Chapter 51 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 51: Show the Results of your Training! Negi's & Kotarou's Time to Shine!

Back at the new Satan hotel, everyone was eating and engaging in their conversations. "So yummy," Anya said with a satisfied look on her face.

"Anya, you sure do love eating!" Negi said with a smile.

"What did you say, Negi?" Anya said angrily. However, her anger quickly dissipated once she saw Gohan finish his fifth plate. Plus she noticed Goku's, Vegeta's, Trunks's, and Goten's plates reach almost the same level as the demi-saiyan. They all seemed so strange and particular especially Goku and Vegeta. Why was someone wearing a martial arts dogi here anyways? Wasn't this a party?

After finishing his sixth plate, Gohan asked Anya, "So, how is your training going, Anya-san? Negi-san tells me that in order to properly be a mage you have to do some outside training."

Anya flinched in surprise. "W-Wait, how do you know about this?"

"I told him," Negi deadpanned.

"What are you doing Negi?" Anya whispered angrily. "You know that you could turn into an ermine, right?"

"It's okay Anya. Gohan is very dependable," Negi said. Gohan nodded as he went for his seventh plate. "So how is it? Your training, that is?"

"My training's going great!" Anya said. "At first, it was hard, but I've become friendly with the townspeople. If you ask for the fortune-teller behind Regent Street, people will know."

"That's nice!" Gohan said as he went for another plate.

The girls of Class 3-A began to spy more and more on the conversation between Negi and Anya as they learned that Anya was Negi's childhood friend. Of course that didn't sit too well with Ayaka, Makie and some other the girls. "This is interesting," Haruna stated.

"What is?" Ayaka asked, curious like some of the other girls.

"After observing Negi-kun's attitude for a while, don't you realize?" The girls shook their heads. "When he's with her, he cuts loose. He's relaxed. The only other people he's like that with are Takahata-sensei and Kota-kun. And recently, he began to do the same thing with Gohan-kun. With everyone else in 3-A, he's formal. I just realized that. Negi-kun is maintaining a wall of emotional separation with all his students."

Wall of separation! All of them thought as they began to ponder ways on how to break that wall of separation. Because of that, they didn't pay attention to the next part of the conversation.

As Gohan went for another plate, Anya looked at the demi-saiyan strangely. "How the hell does he keep eating like that? And the others as well? They seem to be so slim. How can they eat so much?"

"Well…" Negi was unsure on how to respond. Usually, he would try to find some good excuse, but since this was his childhood friend who was a mage as well, he might as well tell her. However, someone else beat him to the punch.

"They are Saiyans," Kotarou said. "They are super strong."

"S-Saiyans?" Anya repeated. Gohan was about to say something about not to reveal too much but after realizing that Anya was a mage and good secrets, it seemed like a good idea. Plus, she was Negi's childhood friend.

Negi nodded as he began to tell her all the Saiyans present. "That person over there, wearing the martial arts dogi is Son Goku-san, Gohan's father. The little look alike next to him is his son and brother to Gohan, Son Goten-kun. Over there, wearing a type of armor is Vegeta-san who is a Prince. And the small purple haired boy is his son, Trunks-kun."

"They are all really strong," Kotarou added. "They can transform into incredible fighters called Super Saiyans!"

"T-Transform?" Anya repeated. "You are pulling my leg! There is no such thing. Plus who are you?"

"Well, I'm…" Kotarou stopped talking once he sensed something. However, he wasn't the only one. Gohan had stopped eating and so have others like Setsuna and Asuna. Negi had as well. His face turned into a stern one, surprising Anya.

"Negi, what's wrong?"

Negi ignored Anya's question as he looked at Gohan. "Gohan…"

The demi-saiyan nodded. "I feel it too."

Anya blinked a few times in confusion. "Feel what? What's going on?"

Then suddenly, almost everyone went rigid. No. 18 grabbed hold of her daughter Marron. "I sense a powerful 'ki' approaching," she stated.

"I hope it doesn't lead to trouble," Kuririn added.

Goku stood up from the table. Turning around to face everyone, he said, "Yosh! Let's go." The fighter nodded as they also stood up as well. Vegeta had a stern look on his face as it would that he had recognized the ki signature. Setsuna, Konoka, Asuna and the other members of the Negima Club stood up also.

"Asuna-san, what's going on?" Ayaka asked as she stood up once she saw that Negi was also leaving.

Asuna turned back to the Class Rep with a smile on her face. "Just some club business that we have to take care of." With that, she left, leaving the non-members of the Negima club behind with Mister Satan and some of the others. Ayaka knew that they had to get their plan into action soon.

Everyone rushed to the front of the hotel as suddenly two figures landed on the aircraft that was used to pick up everyone at Mahora Academy. They were both short. One had a big round face with no hair or anything; very alien like. The other one, however, had a hair style similar to that of Gohan's. Plus he was wearing Saiyan armor. But the thing that caught everyone's attention was that this person had a monkey tail!

"That tail!" Gohan stated sternly. Everyone knew full well what the tail meant.

"It can't be!" Setsuna said.

"A Saiyan?" added Asuna.

"Tarble!" spoke a voice behind everyone.

They turned around to see that it was Vegeta who had spoken. "Ehhhh!" Did Vegeta know this person?

The mysterious Saiyan spoke and had changed his facial expression upon seeing Vegeta in front of him. "Nii-san!"

Everyone's eyes widened in complete surprise as they repeated what they just heard, "NII-SAN?" Vegeta had a brother? Asuna began to wonder if this person was like another Vegeta.

Jumping off from the top of the aircraft, the mysterious Saiyan now known as Tarble went to greet his older borther. Anya whispered to Negi, "Negi, what is going on?"

"Shh!" said the boy teacher. "I'm sure that Tarble-san will explain everything soon."

"Nice to see you, Vegeta-niisan!" greeted Tarble.

Letting out a disappointed sigh, Vegeta turned away from his younger brother and folded his arms. "Didn't our father send you to a remote star because you couldn't fight?"

"A Namekian told me you returned to Earth after defeating Freeza," Tarble explained. "A terrible brother duo named Abo and Cado are terrorizing my planet. I proved no match for them. Please help us!"

"They're strong, huh?" Goku said as he popped out from behind Vegeta's shoulder, getting a surprised look from the Prince of Saiyans as Goku was still eating even now.

"Super strong," responded Tarble.

"This sounds good."

Wondering what kind of battle power the Saiyan hero had, Tarble clicked on his scouter to make a measurement. After the measurements came in, he said in a disappointed voice, "Excuse me, but I don't think you have the battle power."

"Don't believe your Scouter," Vegeta said. "Battle power can easily change."

Tarble blinked a few times in confusion. "Eh?" What did Vegeta-niisan mean by that? He wondered.

"I'll show you," Goku said as he walked by the younger brother of Vegeta as he prepared to do something amazing.

Suddenly, in a flash of blinding light, Goku powered up. Balling his fists, Goku let out a shrill cry of anger and pain as his golden aura exploded around him. "I don't believe it!" Tarble exclaimed as Goku's battle power was increasing at such an alarming rate.

Anya couldn't believe it either! Something strange was happening as she could feel gusts of wind coming from Goku. She felt the earth shake a bit. She was ready to take Negi and flee, thinking that something bad was going to happen. However, she noticed that Negi was perfectly calm and so was everyone else as this was a daily occurrence. But that didn't matter. "Negi, let's go!"

Negi turned to his childhood friend in confusion. "Go where?"

"Out of here!" Anya said. "This is bad! We have to get out of here!"

"Cool your jets chibi girl," Kotarou said. "Goku-san is just transforming into a Super Saiyan."

"Super… Saiyan?"

Suddenly, in a whirling wind of ferocity and an outstanding display of flashes, Goku transformed, his hair spiking up, standing on end and flashing gold, at the same time his eyes turned jade green, hovering in his sockets. Tarble's scouter broke due to the sudden increase of battle power as a galling wind went up, stretching to about the radius of a martial arts sing before it subsided, leaving him standing in a pure, powered up state of a Super Saiyan.

Tarble and Anya couldn't believe what they were seeing. A man had just dyed his hair blond and was emitting incredible energy. "A-Amazing…" muttered Anya.

Exhaling his breath, Goku went back to his normal state. "See?" he said.

"That should be plenty!" Tarble said excitedly. "Please help me! They've followed me here!"

"Pathetic as always," spoke up the Prince of Saiyans, albeit the older one as he walked up to where Goku and Tarble were at. "Never mind. I'll handle them. It'll be a good after dinner workout."

"No, Vegeta. Leave this to me," Goku said, raising his hand out to signal that he wanted to fight. "I can hardly wait. It's been too long." Asuna couldn't help but sweat drop at that comment, thinking that Goku just fought during MahoraFest which was just a few weeks ago.

Vegeta thought differently and raised his hand over Goku's. "Kakarotto, this is me and my brother's problem."

"Don't be that way."

"No!"

"Oh, come on!"

"No!"

"Let me, Papa!" Trunks said, raising his hand.

"Me, too!" joined his partner in crime, Son Goten.

"I want to join!" added Kotarou.

"I think I'll join, too," Kuririn said.

"There's no reward," No. 18 immediately responded, causing poor Kuririn to be disappointed. He, unlike the others, had a strong wife.

"Me, too," Gohan said as he raised his hand too.

"If Gohan is joining, so am I," Negi said as he also raised his hand.

Anya flung her eyes wide open. "What!" Negi, you can't be serious, Anya said to herself. You are a weakling. You can't do anything without my help. Then Anya heard the others participate as well. Looking at Gohan, she continued to say to herself, it must be because of him. I have to get Negi away from him. But he is so stubborn. Hopefully, with this many people, Negi won't have to fight.

Goku sighed. "But there's only two of them," he said. "We don't want to be bullies. We'll draw lots. Grab onto me."

"Draw lots?" Everyone repeated in confusion.



* * *



A few minutes later…

Using his Instant Transmission technique, Goku had teleported everyone along to a farm. Well, more specifically their farm. Anya cling to the boy teacher as she was a bit frighten by the whole prospect of teleportation of so many people. But when she noticed the light, she and others opened their eyes to see a large field of radishes planted. "Whoa!" everyone said.

"Cool!" Trunks and Kotarou both said at the same time.

Walking over to the radish field, Goku began to explain the rules. "Me and Chichi grew these radishes. Go ahead and pull one for yourselves. The longest one is the winner." As he said that, Goku pulled out a radish which turned out to be average size.

"A radish lottery, huh? How fun," Kuririn commented as he went to pull as well. "All you do is grab the stalk base and pull straight up." However, the former monk was having great difficulty in pulling one up.

"Must be huge!" Trunks said, thinking that with all the effort that Kuririn was putting in, it must be big. Goten, Kotarou and Negi thought the same thing. However, their minds were changed once they got a good look at Kuririn's radish.

"Puny!" It was definitely puny. Kotarou, Negi, Trunks and Goten couldn't help but face fault. And so everyone began to pull out a radish that wanted to participate. Gohan's was on par with what Goku had earlier. Vegeta's was fat in side terms. Muten Roshi pulled out one that looked like a woman's figure. Goten, Trunks, Asuna, Setsuna, Kaede and Ku Fei all pulled average looking ones.

"My turn," said the young hanyou as he pulled one out. And luck for him, it was huge. "Yes! It's huge!" Kotarou said excitedly, thinking that he may have won the contest.

"Well Negi, you're up," Goku stated. The boy teacher nodded as he went out to search for a radish. Anya mentally prayed that he wouldn't pick up something bigger than what Kotarou had pulled up.

"Here I go!" Negi said as he pulled out a radish, albeit it was tiny at first. Kotarou began to cheer while Anya let out a sigh of relief. However, her sighing was premature as there was still some to Negi's radish as it appeared to be longer than anyone else's.

Negi cheered that he got the longest with the club congratulating the boy teacher. Anya pouted in disbelief. She was going to have to get in there with Negi.

"I said the 'longest' so I guess Negi wins," Goku stated.

Suddenly, the alien that came with Tarble grabbed the boy teacher's hand and said, "Good luck!" Negi nodded in agreement.

"By the way, Tarble," Vegeta said, "who is this with you?"

"Yes, sorry about that," Tarble responded. "This is my wife."

Vegeta's eyes flung wide open and so did everybody else's. "Your wife?"

The small alien bowed in appreciation before Vegeta as she said, "How do you do, Onii-san? I'm Gure. I'm honored."

Vegeta bowed in response as well as this was the tradition when meeting the wife of your relative. "N-No, the honor's mine." Everyone was definitely surprised by these sudden turn of events as they didn't expect Vegeta's brother to have a wife. Muten Roshi of course made the comment that Saiyans always seem to pick out strange women which of course led to him being beaten up by both Bulma and Chichi.



* * *



Back at the Satan Hotel…

Everyone that had stayed behind at the hotel was enjoying their meals. Ayaka had begun to plot with the other girls on how to get into the club as Eva had instructed them to since she was the honorary advisor to the club. Suddenly, without notice, everyone felt a shock! It appeared that two additional Saiyan pods had arrived on Earth and crashed into the aircraft.

Lucky enough, Goku and the others appeared right at the same time that the hatches to the pod began to open up. Out of the pods came out two aliens that almost looked identical to each other, except that one was red and the other was blue. They both were wearing Saiyan armor and to be perfectly honest, a little intimidating to some of the girls that were there.

"You caused us trouble, Tarble," spoke the blue alien named Abo.

"Show yourself," spoke the red alien known as Cado.

Vegeta smirked. "They don't look like much," commented the Prince of Saiyans.

"They're all yours Negi," Goku said as he patted Negi on the shoulder.

The boy teacher looked at Goku with a smile on his face and gave a nod to the Saiyan hero. "Right." With that, the boy teacher walked ahead, ready to face the challenge that was laid before him.

"Good luck, Negi!" Kuririn cheered.

"Be on your guard!" Setsuna added.

"Go take care of them, Negi-kun!" Haruna said as she joined in the cheering as well.

Anya was shocked at how relaxed everyone was allowing a boy of ten years old to fight a battle. Wasn't there anyone that was going to stop this match? She quickly turned to Asuna and asked, "How come no one is trying to help Negi? He is going to be slaughtered!"

"You haven't seen Negi fight, have you Anya-chan?" Asuna stated.

"Well… no… but still…"

Suddenly, Negi's childhood friend felt a pat on her shoulder. Looking up, she saw the demi-saiyan, Son Gohan, smile at her. "Negi-san will be fine. He has been training really hard. This should be a good test for him," he said.

"I agree," added Goku. "Speaking of which Gohan, don't think that because there are two of them, there should be two of us?"

Gohan pondered on that idea for a while with Trunks and Goten pleading desperately to join in with Negi once they heard Goku's proposition. Anya even contemplated the idea on helping Negi. After all, she really thought that Negi was going to need all the help he could get. But the demi-saiyan knew who he was going to ask.

Walking up to a certain person, Gohan patted his shoulder. "Kotarou-san," Gohan said to the young hanyou. "My Dad says you can go fight with Negi-san."

Kotarou grinned like crazy and nodded. He then rushed towards where Negi was at. "Negi, wait for me!" The boy teacher slowed his pace down as the two of them began to walk towards Abo and Cado.

"What?" Abo questioned as he began to look at his scouter, measuring their battle levels. "They're kids with little battle power."

"They're mocking us," added Cado as he was a little pissed that among all those strong warriors, they would send two little kids.

"Let's go pat them on the head." As Abo said that, he crackled his knuckles. He and Cado went to meet face to face with Negi and Kotarou.

Meanwhile, the Prince of Saiyans had been wondering about something for a while. Noticing that Abo and Cado were wearing the same armor as that of Freeza's army, he asked, "Tarble, are those Freeza's men?"

Tarble nodded. "Remnants. They were on another planet when you destroyed Freeza."

"Wait, I remember now. They ranked with the Ginyu Special Force back then."

"They're even stronger now," responded Tarble. "As strong as Freeza was."

"Freeza, huh?" sighed Goku. "In hindsight, not much of a foe. Perfect for the kids." Gohan nodded in agreement while Anya and Tarble were a bit surprised by Goku's statement. Were Negi and Kotarou really that strong?

"Come to play house, little boy?" Abo said as he went to pat Kotarou's head while Negi was in front of Cado. "Play nice now."

However, Kotarou began to float up and putting up a little resistance. Abo was struggling to push him down. Kotarou grinned as he pulled his right fist back. "I sure will."

Negi, meanwhile, bowed politely like any good martial artist. Cado thought for a second that he was going to have an easy time with this boy but once Negi got himself in a stance, his battle power suddenly rose to an extent that it caught the red alien by surprise.

Then without hesitation, the two boys punched their opponents hard causing them to fly upwards. Once they were up in the air, Negi and Kotarou quickly used Shundo to appear above and land another devastating blow to the two aliens. The two aliens crashed hard into the ground, leaving half of their bodies in the air while the other in the dirt.

Negi and Kotarou landed perfectly and looked at each other with pleased looks on their faces. Everyone then decided to take a seat and watch the spectacle as if it were a sports match. Anya was just in disbelief at how relaxed everybody was. However she was even more surprised at the display that Negi just showed. "Wh-What did Negi just do?" she asked out loud.

"That's called Shundo," Setsuna stated. "Negi-sensei has been training for a while now. He has a good teacher."

"Who?" Anya asked, curious to see whether or not Negi's master would train her as well.

Setsuna then pointed to the demi-saiyan as she said, "Gohan-sensei is his teacher."

Anya's eyes flung wide open in surprise. "What! That guy! He looks like a weakling, let alone a martial arts teacher!"

Suddenly, Anya received a punch to the head from Asuna. "Don't say bad stuff about Gohan."

Anya was about to retaliate when the two aliens propped up from their tombs, panting. They were pissed. "You asked for it!" They yelled angrily at the same time. Then, without hesitation, the two of them then vanished using super speed.

Negi and Kotarou did nothing as they remained in their standing position, watching the two aliens approach them. Abo and Cado broke apart, flanking and coming in from all sides of both Negi and Kotarou. This caused them to take evasive action, as well as a precaution. Negi shot at Cado just as the two closed in. He hammered the guy's face in with a powerful left hook, while Kotarou sent a right, side kick up into Abo's face just as he was coming in with a punch.

Negi and Kotarou downed them all effortlessly, but they eventually came back with more. This time, after recovering from the blows, they attacked them at the same time. They surrounded their opponent and began pounding them, sending punches and kicks at them from all sides. Negi and Kotarou dodged and blocked every single attack that came at them, spinning round and round constantly while shifting through the air.

Abo and Cado put full strength into this burst mode, hammering away at Negi and Kotarou. They shifted through the air. The whole group below could see the fight raging on above, since they weren't moving in super speed.

After their failed assault, Abo tried a new one as the two aliens went on separate directions. He charged Kotarou, intent on another engagement while Cado met with Negi. Kotarou met his assault with a strong defense. He blocked the two punches first and then the kick, before their fight was taken into high speeds. Abo and Kotarou began exchanging blows and defense techniques.

Meanwhile, Cado flung himself at Negi, fists raised. Negi sensed the approach of the alien. Cado then concentrated on his assault. Throwing his right hand out towards Negi, Cado unleashed a powerful ki blast. The blast ripped through the air at high speeds straight for the boy teacher, without a hint of stopping. Negi glared at it as it approached him. Just as it was about to hit, Negi brought his right hand down and threw it up, striking the blast and sending it skyward. The effortless block of the attack deflected it, with absolutely no damage made. With an infuriated yell, Cado flung himself forward and flew straight at Negi, fists held up and ready to strike. Negi charged in kind and locked with Cado in a furious battle. Fists and kicks flew, with Cado and Negi yelling out with every attack they launched.

Meanwhile, Abo was on the defensive, blocking the first flurry of kicks and punches Kotarou sent his way. They shifted through the sky, Abo constantly moving in order to keep himself in the game. He caught Kotarou's fist in an arm lock and kicked him across the face. He then pounded Kotarou's face, mashing it up pretty good before releasing him and sending an upper cut into his gut. Kotarou, shaking his head and wiping away the blood from his lip, growled and charged Abo just as Abo came in with a punch. Kotarou leapt back, avoiding the blow attack. Abo came up with him with a swift, uppercut turned into a hook, face shot. Kotarou ducked and backed away again, avoiding that attack.

Abo then brought his left hand back down again in a chop, only to miss again when Kotarou leapt away. Just as Abo was launching another hook, Kotarou grabbed his fist in his palm, holding Abo in place. With that, Kotarou brought his knee back and threw it up and forward, cracking Abo right in the chin. The blow staggered Abo, sending him rearing back and falling.

Kotarou then took the opportunity and grabbed Abo's leg. With a quick, slight bit of effort, Kotarou pitched him. Abo was sent flying but he quickly stopped his momentum and flipped mid-air. Just as he did, Kotarou shot out from the skies behind him, the young hanyou making a hook charge and tackling the blue alien. Abo was sent flying forward.

With Negi, he saw Cado yelling as he came up to meet him. Negi was prepared as he used Shundo, surprising the red alien as he glanced around for the missing boy teacher. However, he didn't realize that Negi was above him using Bukujutsu. Fist cranked back, Negi sent his magic energy coursing into it. Just as Cado finally spotted him and was looking up, Negi threw a straight, powered up punch straight into Cado's stomach. "OKA HOKEN!" The impact was incredible, but that didn't stop Negi. As he drove in on his punch, Negi unleashed a series of seventeen magic arrows that he had been saving up. "SAGITTA MAGIKA SIRIUS RUKIS!" The seventeen magic arrows pushed Cado through the skies at an incredibly fast rate before exploding. Cado was sent flying even faster, his momentum losing its rate and his lack of sense sending him plummeting. Spotting the boy teacher diving after him, Cado growled and spun through the air. Glaring angrily at the boy teacher, Cado dashed towards Negi as the two of clashed once again.

Everyone that was watching was definitely impressed by the skill level that both Kotarou and Negi were showing, especially Anya. "Wh-Wh-What… i-is… going on?" stuttered Negi's childhood friend. "How could Negi do all those moves? I haven't seen these in my advanced tutorials!"

"Negi-san has been training really hard lately," Gohan commented.

"And he sure is producing results," Goku added. "You and that little vampire have been doing really well."

Anya flung wide open when she heard Goku mention the word 'vampire'. There could be only one vampire that would be strong enough to be teaching that kind of magic. "Excuse me, are you talking about Evangeline A. K. McDowell?" Anya asked.

Gohan nodded. "That's right. Why?"

Anya started to freak out a bit. "Isn't she the Maga Nosferatu?"

"Right," Yue replied. "The 'Puppet Master' 'Dark Evangel' 'Evil Sound' 'Disciple of Catastrophic Noise.' That's Eva-san."

Anya freaked out even more. "Of course!" she exclaimed. "She's the legendary evil master! Negi's father finally defeated her! She's the legendary evil mage!"

Gohan blinked a few times. "So?" he deadpanned.

Anya began to tremble in fear. "This isn't right! How could Negi be training under such a person? She's the demon of the dark!"

"Well, Eva-chan has been nice lately," Konoka stated.

"She used to be a scary person," Nodoka added as some of the girls walked over to where Gohan and Anya were, "but she's changed her ways." Asuna, Gohan and Setsuna couldn't help but sweat drop. I'm not sure about that, they all said to themselves.

"You sure?"

Gohan smiled. "From what I learned, most of her powers were sealed after she battled Negi-san's father, the Thousand Master," explained the young-scholar-in-training. "She took a liking to his son, Negi-san, and took him under her wing."

"I see…"

"Plus he's got my son as his teacher too!" Goku complimented as he put his arm around the demi-saiyan.

"Th-Thanks Dad," Gohan said with a slight blush on his face.

"Well, if Negi's become powerful, I'm okay with all this," Anya said. "After all, he's the pupil of the famed Dark Mage."

"And don't forget about Nii-chan!" Goten added. "He's a pupil of Nii-chan too!"

Anya glared at the little demi-saiyan angrily, still thinking that Gohan was a weakling. However, she knew that she was directing her anger at the wrong person. Once she felt a shockwave, she and everybody else looked up to see the battle was still going on. This is ticking me off! Anya said to herself as she watched Negi land a few blows on Cado. I've been looking for a master and waiting to learn how to kick booty! I finally thought I was stronger than him! It's not fair that he's so strong! He's always one step ahead of me, the dummy.

As the four finished their clash, they pushed off from each other. Abo and Cado were panting and so were Negi and Kotarou but not as much as the two aliens. "You kids are pretty good," Abo complimented.

The young hanyou smirked. "You're not bad yourselves," Kotarou said. Negi nodded in agreement as this was becoming a good way to test what he had learned so far.

Abo knew that these kids were just toying with them. He somehow felt that they were holding back a bit. Well, two can play that game! "Cado!" Abo said to his partner in crime. Cado knew what that face meant. Time to deploy our true skills.

Suddenly, Abo and Cado moved together getting a surprised look from both Negi and Kotarou. But from behind Cado, two Abo appeared! Negi and Kotarou widened their eyes at these sudden turn of events as another Cado was brought forth! They had cloned themselves! "Romper Room is over!" yelled the four aliens as they went on the attack.

"Negi, don't worry, these should be clones so once we hit them, they should disappear," Kotarou assessed. Negi wasn't sure about that. He could feel the same ki signatures from the four aliens. This was definitely no cheap imitation. They contemplated their next move.

Their decision was taken from him when Abo and Cado went ahead and attacked them straight on with a lightning fast punch, separating the two boys. However both of them were able to counterattack with a swift roundhouse kick to the face. But that happened only to one copy as Negi and Kotarou fought their own opponents.

Kotarou dashed towards Abo's position. Right before his eyes, Abo had disappeared and reappeared in front of Kotarou and punched him in the stomach, then reappeared behind him to send him another blow, making him tumble down to the ground. Then, the second copy of Abo took the opportunity to land a hurtful blow to Kotarou's back, sending flying to the ground and creating a large crater.

Kotarou quickly got up. Kotarou growled loudly and rocketed forward towards the two. Kotarou shot his fists; punching, kicking and blocking. Kotarou even sent blasts at the two Abo's but nothing was working. He needed time to ponder. While Kotarou was pondering, he had failed to notice where one of the Abo's was as he came behind Kotarou. He sent a powerful punch right into Kotarou's chest, sending him flying.

Kotarou grunted and was able to stop in mid-air. Once he did however, he had to put his guard up when Abo came from the side with a roundhouse kick. Kotarou blocked it successfully using his right forearm and pushed off Abo. Abo then received a fist right in the face which sent him flying backwards. Kotarou quickly followed, but not before being attacked by Abo's second copy.

Meanwhile, Negi was having a tough time too as Cado was attacking him relentlessly. Negi was able to block each attack successfully. However, Negi got hit from behind by Cado's copy's ki attacks. He let out a yell of pain as the blast had hit him hard in the back. Negi clenched his teeth. Negi took action as he dashed towards the second copy's position and give him some fast combinations of punches and kicks. Cado 2, in the nick of time, was able to parry those attacks and give some of his own combination attacks towards Negi. Both of them were locked into a clash of fists and punches. Negi hoped that the first Cado copy would stay out of the clash. That was a big mistake.

Cado had reappeared behind Negi, without him noticing and hit him hard with an axe kick to the head. Negi flew back. Cado then teleported in front of Negi and executed a quick elbow strike, but Negi was able to quickly recover and blocked it quickly with his two hands, in a cross formation. Both of them proceeded to give a series of various punches, kicks, and techniques to knock themselves down! After blocking a series of punches and combination attacks from Cado, Negi pushed him back with a light, invisible wave of energy. Stopping just a few feet away, Cado approached again, fist held back and ready to attack. To which, Negi used the opportunity to his advantage, pulling his own fist back and sent a power punch across his opponent's face. This sent the red alien flying with a yelp of surprise and pain. Just as Negi was pulling back his fist, the second Cado copy came down from nowhere and struck him in the back with a kick. Negi plummeted with a painful yell.

Negi then joined with Kotarou as he too was sent plummeting by one of Abo's blows. The two crashed into the ground. Abo and Cado laughed at the boys' predicament. Negi and Kotarou quickly got up, ready to go for round two. Luckily, Gohan was able to stop them before they went in without thinking things clearly.

"Want some help, Negi-san, Kotarou-san?" the demi-saiyan asked.

"That's okay, Gohan-niisan," responded Kotarou.

"We can do it ourselves," Negi added. "Besides this is our test. It would be bad if we asked you for help."

"Oh, come on. All I was going to say was use the power-ups you acquired during your training. I think it is about the right time to unleash it," Gohan explained at which Negi and Kotarou both widened their eyes in realization. They immediately knew what Gohan was referring to.

Piccolo smirked upon hearing Gohan's comment. "It's about time," he muttered.

Negi and Kotarou both walked away from Gohan as they prepared their power-ups. The two boys let out a war cry, summoning upon incredible energy that even surprised the Mahora girls. "What!" They all yelled.

"What is this sudden boost de-gozarou?" Kaede questioned.

"I have never felt this before! What are Kotarou-kun and Negi trying to do?" Asuna added.

Kotarou proceeded to a move set that was particularly interesting to everyone. Suddenly, a fierce black aura sprang around the young hanyou. The girls thought it was the Kaio-ken for a second but they realized that it looked different. It also felt different, almost as though a wild beast was trying to gnaw at them.

Negi, meanwhile, exhaled as he put his two hands, palms out, to the side. Asuna's and Setsuna's eyes began to widen by second as they started to realize what Negi was trying to accomplish. "With ki in my right hand and magic in my left," Negi stated as he combined the two elements together to create an ultimate skill. "KANKAHO!" A bright aura surrounded the boy teacher as he and Kotarou got into their respective fighting stances.

The Mahora group was shell shocked, especially Asuna. "H-H-How does Negi know the Kankaho?" she questioned out loud.

"He's been practicing real hard on it," Gohan responded. "Although, it is not quite at the same level as yours, Asuna-san but it is still quite powerful. Negi-san and I realized that it could be done when you and Takamichi-san showed the Kanka during the Mahora Budokai. Negi-san had already been experimenting with the elements of ki since I have been training him on it and when he unleashed the Kamehame-Ha for the first time. Combined with his knowledge of magic, we decided to see if we could combine the two elements together. It wasn't easy and there were a lot of failures but Negi has been able to master the Kanka to a certain degree."

"Certain degree?" Setsuna asked.

Gohan nodded. "Because the amount of power that it requires and the lacking innate ability that Asuna-san has with the technique, Negi-san can only keep it up for at most, one minute."

"One minute?" The Mahora group exclaimed.

"That's not a whole lot of time for Negi-kun, especially against these guys," Haruna commented.

"Don't worry. It will be enough for these guys," Gohan stated.

"But what about Kota-kun? Why does he have that strange aura?" Konoka asked.

"Because he was trained under the Jyuken arts during our training together," Piccolo stated. "He learned that from a man named Kandou Jan. However, that boy hasn't fully grasped the technique to its fullest extent. It's not something I can really help him with but he seems to be increasing his understanding of it from what I can tell slowly but surely."

Anya was trembling. She couldn't believe that such beings could exist in this world. Who were these people?

Abo and Cado grew tired of waiting. "So are you two coming or should we come to you?" taunted the aliens. Negi and Kotarou didn't respond. "Well in that case, we'll come to you!"

Negi and Kotarou were ready for their perspective opponents. The two of them went in separate directions so as to not get involved in each other's fights. Negi backed away as the two Cado's ganged up on him. In a split second, the two aliens charged, attacking at the same time. Negi made haste, becoming quick on his feet and using all his concentration. He began blocking the attacks sent at him from both Cado's. They put further pressure on him, forcing him back and back, not letting up. Their punches flew, forcing Negi to block, parry and avoid each and every attack while backing away. After a few seconds of being locked in this excessive pounding, Negi broke away from the fray, kicking off and leaping back. He landed lightly, kicking off again flying up as one of the two charged at kicked out at him, only to find he was gone. Tracking Negi, the two Cado's shot after him.

They zipped through the air and reached Negi in three seconds flat, attacking once more. The first Cado punched out, only for Negi to spin and move out of the way and fly in a different direction. The second Cado followed and struck down at him with a hammer strike. Negi blocked that and pummeled it with an upper cut, elbow, punch and then finally a kick. He knocked the alien away, before being attacked by the first one again. After an intense exchange of punches, kicks and a share of blocks and dodges, Negi managed to catch one of the Cabo's in a lock, grabbing him by the head and kneeing him. Then upon realizing that the second one was approaching, Negi turned around and pummeled him with two hooks and a straight kick up into its chin, knocking it back.

Then, leaping up high and gaining altitude, Negi brought up his two hands and threw it forward, unleashing a powerful, blue blast of energy. It skimmed through the air, striking both Cabo's and exploding. It sent them falling for the ground, where it crashed, forming a crater and sending dust flying.

Kotarou meanwhile, was facing his opponents on the ground, engaging in a furious bout with both Abo's. Grabbing the arm of his first attacker, he spun him round and threw him into the second one, sending both of them flying. They fell for a good thirteen stories before separating and flying back up. Kotarou readied himself as he prepared to use one of Jyuken's techniques.

A large black wolf-dog erupted from Kotarou. A fierce dark ki surrounded it in a blaze. The creature was not entirely solid-looking yet and was more astral in appearance due to Koatarou's lack of mastery. The wolf-dog howled then charged at Abo. It bared its fangs viciously as it moved at high speeds towards Abo. Abo could not move as he was completely terrified by the beast, its glowing red eyes mesmerizing him on the spot. A huge explosion occurred when the beast finally impacted with its intended target.

Because of Negi's and Kotarou's quick actions, Abo and Cado were soundly defeated as they lost their clones in the process. Abo and Cado recovered and glared hatefully at their opponents. How could their butts get kicked so badly, especially two kids? How disgraceful! Cado knew it was time to use their ultimate weapon. "Abo, we have no choice now!" Cado said. Abo nodded in agreement.

The two took off their scouters as they put themselves next to each other. Negi and Kotarou landed on the ground as their power-ups had dissipated. Doing a certain pose, both Abo and Cado cried out, "MERGE!" Suddenly the two aliens were engulfed in a large pink tornado. The two boys' eyes widened a bit but were flung open when the tornado had dissipated. Instead of two aliens, there was one really big and fat alien! They had fused together to create a new warrior!

This new alien was large having spiky appendages which scaled his body. Plus, he had protruding appendage similar to that of Majin Boo. He was also purple this time around. Negi and Kotarou were a bit shocked at the new appearance, plus the massive increase in power. They needed to power-up as well. "Kotarou-kun, can you power-up again?" Negi asked.

The young hanyou shook his head. "Not right now," he replied. "I need to rest for a few more seconds. What about you Negi?"

"I can't either," Negi responded. "The use of the Kanka is very taxing. I need at least 30 minutes for my body to recover in order to use it again."

Kotarou chuckled with a grin on his face. "I guess that means more training for us then. We definitely need to improve the times on when we can use our techniques."

Negi nodded in agreement. "But first, let's defeat this guy!"

"Right!"

The new alien named Aka grinned evilly. "We'll see about that!" With a sudden burst, the purple alien went on the attack. He appeared above Negi and Kotarou, launching an attack aimed towards the ground. However the two boys were able to dodge it at the last second. Aka smirked as he went into super speed. He disappeared completely for a few moments, surprising the two boys.

Then Aka appeared in front of Kotarou and the next thing Kotarou felt was indescribable pain in his gut, dozens of hits within a matter of seconds landing there. His legs were grabbed, and the next thing he knew he was tossed and thrown into Negi. His vision was blurry, but he didn't need it to sense Aka phasing in front of his path, slapping Kotarou across the face and sending him the opposite direction.

Negi quickly got up from being thrown at, not even taking another breath as he phased out of sight and moved right behind Aka. He raised his hand and out came a large ki ball, but Aka was already turned around and grabbed Negi's hand. He then immediately gave a crushing knee strike to Negi's chest, causing Negi to be breathless for a moment.

Kotarou, sensing that Negi was in trouble, stepped in front of him and raised a hand to block the punch, but only an after-image reached him. He looked up into the sky, where Aka had reappeared, hovering overhead. Kotarou scowled, shooting into the sky after Aka. Aka launched a kick, but Kotarou's image passed right through him. Aka turned, seeing that Kotarou was hovering overhead. Kotarou flew at Aka, launching a flurry of punches that the fused alien managed to dodge with ease.

Kotarou then threw a kick. Aka raised one arm and blocked it easily. Pushing Kotarou's leg back, it was his turn to go on the offensive, Kotarou barely managing to dodge the flurry of punches and kicks Aka sent at him. Kotarou and Aka started trading blows evenly, both blocking or dodging whatever the other threw at them, though Aka did it with considerable more ease than Kotarou. Aka then landed an axe kick on Kotarou's head, sending him flying to the ground once again.

Aka was about to unleash a devastating attack before he was struck by a ki blast to his side that sent him flying. Getting up, he saw that it was Negi as he had unleashed a Kamehame-Ha wave at him. Glaring up, Aka saw Negi bring his left fist about and, with a yell, threw a hook at his face. Aka received the powerful blow, but his head only moved slightly. Aka grinned after removing his assailant's fist, leaving Negi stunned. Taking his lapse in attention as an advantage, Aka brought his left fist up and threw a punch at his opponent. The blow landed clean on across the boy teacher's face, Negi letting out a yell of pain as he was knocked senseless and staggered before he was knocked flying.

The purple let out an evil laugh. "Ha ha ha ha! You can't win!" Aka yelled. "Those boys were no match for me!"

"I wouldn't be too sure of that," spoke a voice confidently. Aka turned to see that it was Gohan with a grin of confidence on his face. "Those two boys are much stronger than you think."

"What makes you so certain of that?" Aka questioned.

Gohan pointed up which made Aka confused. He moved his head towards the direction of where Gohan was pointing at to see Kotarou approaching him, engulfed in light blue aura. "GEKI WAZA NAMI NAMI ZAN!" Kotarou used his arms in place of the Chinese sabers he had yet to earn through training, delivering several chops in place of slices at his opponent. This didn't make much difference though as the blows almost felt like being cut.

Aka was knocked back senseless. He immediately glared at the young hanyou only to find himself staring at a certain young boy teacher. Three orbs of lightning magic materialized around his right hand. Using the same move he defeated Takamichi with during the Budokai, Negi drove his fist into Aka's stomach. "RAIKA-HOUKEN!" This shot Aka across the garden, ruining Mister Satan's face.

Negi and Kotarou panted a bit as they went into their fighting poses once again. Gohan grinned. "Even though you have much more ki than them, there are always other ways in winning a match," Gohan stated. "Perseverance is one of them."

Aka got up, glaring hatefully at the two boys. How dare they land such blows on him! "I'll teach you not to underestimate me!" A green aura sprang up around the giant purple alien, catching everyone a little by surprise. Then Aka opened his mouth, absorbing the green aura that he recently brought from. Out of his mouth, the purple alien cried out his attack, "WAHAHA NO HA!" Within a moment, he fired a green energy sphere from his mouth.

Negi and Kotarou prepared themselves to block the attack, however Gohan suddenly appeared in front of them. "Gohan/-niisan!" Clenching his fists, Gohan let out a war cry as he blocked the villian's green ki sphere with just a kiai shout.

Anya was in disbelief. She watched as Gohan just reappeared in front Negi and Kotarou without any delay and so fast too. Plus, he dispelled the attack with just a shout. Perhaps Gohan was really strong after all.

Aka was pissed. "You won't find the next Wahaha no Ha so easy to deflect," he said as he prepared his next attack. Clapping his hands together, Aka produced another Wahaha no Ha. He then lifted the green ki sphere up to his mouth. "SUPER WAHAHA NO HA!" Breathing deeply, he blew at the ki ball to shoot several, compact, powerful ki sphere bullets! The ki bullets went everywhere and were attacking everything in sight, including the hotel!

Negi and Kotarou quickly rushed to deflect some of the ki bullets away from unsuspecting and innocent spectators such as Ayaka and the others. But tried as they might, they couldn't deflect all of them! The ones that weren't being deflected were damaging the hotel, creating huge debris that could hurt everyone. Gohan and the others knew what to do.

Setsuna pulled out her sword and cried out her attack. "Shinmei-ryuu secret technique: ZANKUSHO-SAN!" She sent a series of ki bullets at the falling debris but it wasn't enough as she noticed that a large one was heading for Konoka! Gripping her sword tightly, she cried out her next attack, "Shinmei-ryuu Secret Technique: ZANGANKEN!" Unleashing a powerful ki blast, it effectively destroyed the debris.

Konoka smiled in gratitude to her childhood friend. "Se-chan!"

Another piece of debris was heading towards them but it was cut in half by a huge shuriken that was the size of a human being. Grabbing hold of it was Kaede who simply smiled. Ku Fei landed one of her Kung Fu katas at another piece of falling debris while Asuna cut some as well. The Z senshi participated as well, with Kuririn and Yamucha taking off their clothes to reveal their dogi underneath. Kuririn unleashed his Kienzan while Yamucha used his Sokidan. Goten and Trunks did their share as well as they protected Tarble and Gure from the blasts.

However, one of the blasts landed closely to where Videl and Asuna were at, which knocked them down. A few ki bullets were approaching their position but luckily, they were saved by the demi-saiyan hero, Son Gohan as he unleashed his attack. Putting his hands together above his head, Gohan cried out, "MASENKO HAA!" A large ki beam shot out, destroying the ki bullets before hitting Asuna and Videl. Videl and Asuna smiled in gratitude at the demi-saiyan for saving them.

Aka, meanwhile, was pissed. His attacks weren't working! "Damn!" Angered, he created a huge fire Wahaha no Ha in an effort to completely destroy everyone. But Goku and Vegeta weren't going to allow that as they went into super speed.

Coursing through the sky, the two Saiyans made their way towards Aka. Goku grinned as he wanted to be the one to have a shot at the evil purple alien. Pointing to somewhere, Goku said to his rival, "Vegeta, what's that?" The Prince of Saiyans of course fell for it once he noticed that Goku used his Instant Transmission technique to appear in front of the growing flaming Wahaha no Ha. Cupping his hands together and putting it to the side, Goku transformed into a Super Saiyan and called out his signature technique, "KA… ME… HA… ME… HAAA!"

Unleashing a large ki beam at the fire Wahaha no Ha, Goku effectively destroyed Aka's ultimate attack! Then the Saiyan hero dashed to Aka and gave a devastating punch to the gut that knocked the alien out. Once the danger passed, Goku breathed a sigh of relief. "Kakarotto," Vegeta said as he landed next to the Saiyan hero, "that wasn't fair."

Goku chuckled. "Sorry." Then Kuririn and Yamucha landed next to the Saiyan hero which a curious look from him. "What's with the dogi?" Kuririn and Yamucha responded by chuckling.

Mister Satan, meanwhile, was in disarray. His hotel had become a pile of scrap as the battle with Aka had destroyed his hotel. "My hotel…" cried the World Champion.

Then Mister Satan received a pat on his shoulder. Looking up, he saw it was Videl with a stern look on her face. "Papa, you should see this as a lesson of humility from God," she stated.

Mister Satan began to get teary-eyed. "Videl."

"Start over?" Videl said with a smile. Satan nodded his head in agreement.

"You can rebuild it, Mister Satan," Goku added.

Kuririn nodded in agreement. "Why not ask Shen Long for help?" he asked.

Mister Satan's eyes widened in surprise. "Wow, I didn't think of that!" But of course, Videl had something to say about that.

"Papa, you promised." Everyone let out a laugh at the scene as this conflict felt so small compared to their past adventures. But they came out with many things in mind, especially at the progress that Negi and Kotarou have made. This was only just the beginning for the boy teacher and the young hanyou.



* * *



Meanwhile, in a sector of outer space…

On a distant planet, far from the vicinity of Earth and the Solar System, was a series of buildings that looked alienese. And within a certain building there was a room that was filled with activity and machinery. Aliens of many sorts were working hard at the computers, getting data and such for their new master. One of the aliens which was yellow and had elongated head spotted something as he turned his head back. "My lord," he said, "We have lost contact with both Abo and Cado."

The strange creature grinned slightly as he played around with a wine glass filled with an exquisite drink. "I see," he responded. "Where did Abo-san and Cado-san land?"

The alien servant typed away and began his search on the last known location of Abo and Cado. "The signal was coming from a planet called Earth," deduced the alien.

The creature stopped playing with his glass. "Earth, you said?" The long head alien nodded. "Interesting."

"Should we send a search party, my lord?" asked a fat alien that was covered with spikes as he was standing next to the creature.

The creature grinned even more. "No, let them be," replied the creature. "After all, Abo-san and Cado-san were once part of my father's decaying empire. It's only natural that they would lose to such weaklings. By the way… what is the status on Tullece-san?"

"According to the travel log on his pod, it says that he will be arriving here on this planet within two days."

"Well, be sure to welcome him," the creature said as his tail hit the floating chair that he was sitting on. "I hate to lose such a valuable ally. After all, he did give everyone fruits from the Shinseiju to enhance our abilities. I would hate for him to go against me. I wouldn't want to waste his talent as a Saiyan servant for my new empire."

Everyone in the room nodded. "Yes, sir!"

The creature let out an evil grin. "My lord." The creature turned his head around to see a figure standing before the room. The mysterious figure was encased in darkness due to him blocking most of the light that was behind him.

The creature smiled. "Ah, you have returned… Fate Averruncus."



* * *



Author's note: Hey everyone! Hope you all enjoyed the chapter, especially the little surprise at the end as well as the battle with Negi and Kotarou. Having Negi use the Kankaho has planned from almost the beginning especially when RyumaOmega commented on it a long time ago. Thanks dude. However, I had to place a limiter on it because if not Negi would become too powerful. It's always nice to have a technique where there are some consequences to it. Kotarou's arsenal comes from the GekiRanger. Gokai Entertainment came up with some of his techniques.

As for the ending part, you'll just have to guess who the mysterious creature is. I won't reveal much since I left some major hints in there. Hope this clears some of the criticism of Chapter 4.

READ AND REVIEW! I love hearing from everyone! See ya around! Peace!





*Chapter 52*: Off to Wales and Mundus Magicus!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. See chapter 1 for details.

Author's note: Hey everybody! How are you all doing? I'm doing great! Summer is finally here and there haven't been much clouds in the sky which means the end of the rainy season, hopefully.

Anyways, I'm curious about something. How come there hasn't been much reviewing? There are a lot of people putting this on their story alert/favorites so there should at least be more reviews than what have been coming out lately. I like to have my work appreciated very much so please REVIEW!

I want to thank Gokai Entertainment for beta reading this chapter. He has been a great help! Now, let me present to all of you readers, Chapter 52 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 52: The Negi Crew Departs! Off to Wales and Mundus Magicus!

One day had passed since the mysterious planet had last heard from Abo and Cado. Within that same day they were listed KIA (Killed in Action) by the new Emperor who had recently left due to some business. Everything was going normal for the two aliens that were in the flight control tower. A humanoid alien was playing an alien version of shogi with his brown/green friend with a scale-like armor until the radar in the control tower was going off the hook. "Something's coming!" spoke the humanoid alien.

"Is it Kureeza-sama?" asked the Omicronian.

"It couldn't be. He just barely departed." The humanoid-looking alien went ahead to check on the signal as did his partner.

The Omicronian began to study where the signal was coming from. "It's a round pod. That's a combatant," he said.

The humanoid alien's eyes flung wide open when he realize who the signal belong to. "The signal belongs to Tullece-sama!" He needed to do something fast, otherwise the Saiyan might kill everyone here. After all, he was in personal favor with the Emperor.

"That's strange," said the Omicronian. "I thought that he was supposed to come in a few days, not right now. Could something have happened?"

Grabbing hold on the microphone, the humanoid alien shouted, "Hey this is the flight control room! Tullece-sama is about to arrive! Fall out to greet him at once!"

Within moments, a party of three soldiers gathered themselves to greet the approaching Saiyan pod. Two of them were four-armed, pig-like-nosed, purple aliens while the other one was another humanoid alien, albeit a bit weaker looking than the first one that was introduced. As they waited, the Saiyan pod immediately crashed into the soft pad, allowing it to absorb most of the destructive impact.

The three soldiers went into standing position, waiting to greet the Saiyan for when he got out. However, there was no sign of movement coming from the pod. "I-Is something the matter?" questioned the humanoid alien. "He's not coming out."

The darker purple four-armed alien pressed the button on his scouter to check to see if this was really Tullece. It was indeed in fact Tullece except that something was wrong with him! "Hey, his life sign readings are awfully low," commented the darker purple four-armed alien.

"What?" The two other aliens commented as they went to check Tullece's condition. And true enough, Tullece was in pretty bad shape. He was on life support now! His injuries had gotten worse ever since he left Earth.

"He's using his life support equipment!" exclaimed the darker purple four-armed alien.

"This is bad! Hurry and carry him to the treatment room!"

Within moments, Tullece was taken to the Treatment Room where he was placed inside a medical machine, a large container that immediately filled itself up with some form of liquid. Tullece was immediately put into the tank and hooked up with a breathing apparatus and other various wires. This allowed the operators of the machine to monitors the recipient's vitals from outside the tank. Due to the special healing liquid, it usually would take about 5 hours for the person to be healed but because of Tullece's extensive injuries, he was inside the chamber for one whole day.

The doctor monitoring the Saiyan's vitals noticed that Tullece had fully recovered. "There," he said as he began to drain the liquid from the tank as well as the wires and breathing apparatus that Tullece that had on. "You are healed. You may open your eyes." And slowly, Tullece opened his eyes. The scar that Gohan had left on his face was completely gone so where the others that Asuna had left on him.

Even though the Saiyan looked completely rejuvenated, there was still a problem for him as a certain part of him was missing. "Unfortunately, I was unable to regrow your tail," stated the doctor on the Saiyan's missing part.

"No matter," Tullece said. "It will grow back in due time." As he got out of the tank, Tullece couldn't help himself but look at his rejuvenated body. He also noticed a massive power increase due to his innate Saiyan genes. The evil Saiyan grinned as he was back in action once again, ready to wreak havoc upon the universe.



* * *



A few minutes later…

"Tullece-sama, as mighty as you are, you were put through quite a bit of trouble, weren't you?" questioned the alien doctor as inspected what remained of Tullece's armor. "If this super strong rubber protector was left in tatters, you were lucky to return to us in one piece."

Tullece couldn't agree more even though he didn't say out loud. He was definitely thankful for the armor as he was putting on a new set. This time though he was wearing a black body suit to go with the chest armor plate of dark gray. "It would take quite a bit for this to end up like this," continued the alien doctor. "What in the world happened on this planet Earth?"

Tullece didn't answer as he recalled the fight on Earth and his humiliation at being hit hard by Gohan's attacks. That brat was sure going to get it this time! "Is Kureeza-sama around?" Tullece asked the doctor.

"N-No, he has departed."

"He's already tired of this planet, is he?"

The doctor gulped as he was a little nervous around the Saiyan. Even though they worked for the same Emperor, Tullece was different than Kureeza's regular soldiers. He would usually torture an entire race, even kill them just to achieve his goals. Then he noticed that Tullece was almost finished in dressing himself. "U-Um, Manudara-sama said that once your treatment was completed, he needed to speak to you, and to report to the Training Room."

Tullece frowned his eyebrows as he finished putting on the armor plate. "Hmph, you tell him that I said, unfortunately, I don't have anything to talk to him about." With that, the Saiyan walked out of the dressing room.

The doctor blinked a few times in confusion. "B-But…" How was he supposed say that to Manudara now? The doctor then noticed on the table that Tullece left behind. It was red glassed scouter. Chasing after the Saiyan, the doctor said, "Tullece-sama, um, you forgot your Scouter."

"I don't need it. You can have it," Tullece immediately responded, leaving behind a confused doctor. I'll head for Earth first thing in the morning, Tullece said to himself as he walked through the hallways of the medical building. This time, I'll blow them to smithereens for sure. No, before that, I'll go to Planet Minerva…

"Yo, Tullece!" spoke a voice. Tullece looked up to see a Hulk-like alien in front of him. He, of course, had green skin and long black wavy hair. Tullece didn't expect to see this guy so soon. Didn't he tell the doctor to tell this clown to buzz off? "Word is you got your butt kicked. Who was it that caused the supposedly invincible Saiyan such agony?"

"Get lost, Manudara," Tullece stated as he walked by the Hulk-like alien. "I don't have time to listen to your worthless drivel."

"Now, just listen," Manudara said, putting his hand on Tullece's shoulder. Tullece frowned his eyebrows even more as he didn't liked to be stopped but Manudara was confident of himself. "Kureeza-sama is upset with you, going off by yourself like that especially for so long."

"If he's not here, he can't gripe about it," said the Saiyan. He immediately looked at Manudara's hand and glared at the Hulk-like alien. "Now, remove that filthy hand of yours."

Manudara gritted his teeth in anger. He hated this part of Tullece. Why was Kureeza so insisted on having this Saiyan around? Breathing deeply, Manudara calmed himself down as he continued to speak to Tullece. "Still, Kureeza-sama is a magnanimous person, even more so than his father."

"Should I care?"

"You should Tullece," Manudara replied. "After all, he seems willing to forgive you, since you discovered something quite sensational."

"What?"

"He was thrilled that he might be able to gain eternal life and youth."

Tullece's eyes flung wide open once he heard Manudara say that comment. "Say what! Then, you mean Kureeza-sama departed for…"

"Hmph, that's right… Planet Minerva." Tullece clenched his fists in anger. Damn! Tullece cursed to himself. He was listening in to what I was saying on the Scouters? I have to beat him to it, or I'll be working for that bastard forever!

"You apparently wanted to use the Calicem Crystallinum to gain eternal life, but you'll have to give up on that now," continued the Hulk-like alien. "Once Kureeza-sama has his wish granted, he plans to exterminate everyone on that pathetic planet."

Then Tullece had no time to waste then. "That bastard!" The Saiyan ran across the hallways and far away from Manudara.

"Hey, Tullece!"

Tullece continued to run until he was close to the landing platform, ready to take a pod spaceship to Planet Minerva. However, the good doctor was there waiting for him. "T-Tullece-sama!" he called out.

The Saiyan stopped himself once he noticed that the doctor was holding onto the scouter that he had left behind. "Give me that! I'm going to need it after all!" Tullece continued to run and quickly entered a pod. He entered the coordinates of where Planet Minerva was located and took off, leaving behind a pissed off Manudara. "I won't let you do it! They belong to me!" shouted Tullece as his ship coursed through space at lightning speed.



* * *



Nine days later…

On Earth, the appointed date had finally come. It was August 12th, the day for when the Negima Club was to depart for England and to the Magical World. Everyone was getting ready for the trip. Negi was packing more things than he needed as he wanted to be cautious even though Chamo had mentioned that it might have been going overboard. Gohan, meanwhile, prepared his usual things in his Capsules.

"Many, I can't believe these days passed by so quickly," Gohan muttered as he recounted what happened after their trip to the ex-destroyed Satan hotel. Ayaka and some of the girls wanted to try to steal the badges that Eva had made for the club. Gohan, Negi and Kotarou were unsure why Ayaka and the others were so adamant in taking the badges from the girls but the girls in the club knew why. It was suggestion done by Evangeline to see how much they have progressed in their training. Luckily, no one's was taken.

After that came the dates that Gohan had promised some of the girls as he took out Setsuna, Haruna, and Yuna. Even Asuna was taken out on a date, due to her passing the final exam as it was her reward. Gohan went with Setsuna to visit some nearby temples that Gohan wanted to get a good look at. He had been very interested in the rich culture that each temple contained while Setsuna explained some of the temple's purposes. Over all, it was good date for both them. However, Setsuna wanted to get, maybe, a kiss from the demi-saiyan but of course that didn't happen as Gohan was a bit dense when it came to dating women. She would try again later though as she promised herself to be a bit more forward with herself the next time they would go out.

With Haruna, they went to the ComicFest in Tokyo that they do during the summer time. It was a great experience for Gohan as he got to learn more about manga, especially Dojinshi. He learned that certain artists either can make parodies of existing manga or even make issues themselves without going to a major publishing company like Weekly Shonen Jump and others. However, he also learned that certain artists like expand the existing manga by doing relationships either between men or even women. One time, he accidentally looked into one of the 18+ mangas that were in display and let's say that it was something unexpected for the demi-saiyan warrior. Other than that episode, Gohan had a great time with the manga artist.

Now, with Yuna, things were a bit awkward for the demi-saiyan. The reason was that every time he saw Yuna's face, he couldn't help but remember her confession during his little trip to the future. He pondered on whether the Yuna of this current timeline still liked him like that. It would be best to figure that out. So he took Yuna out for a lunch date which of course her father was there in the same place with a woman. What a coincidence! Yuna started to get a bit jealous of the new woman in his father's life and started to follow her around while pulling Gohan along for the ride. Later, after a few minutes of spying, Yuna and Gohan learned that the woman that was with her father was actually a good friend of his and Yuna's mother. It was indeed quite an adventure for Gohan but despite that, he didn't get the chance to ask Yuna. Maybe after his trip from Mundus Magicus he will ask her in a proper date.

Asuna's date was interesting to say the least. It was awkward for the both of them as they walked around Mahora as they were finally alone. Gohan couldn't help but remember the kiss the two of them shared at the Mahora Budokai while Asuna was nervous in general. It was like her date with Takamichi all over again, except she felt that maybe Gohan had feelings for her as well. It was nerve wrecking for both of them! Luckily, the two of them had been spotted by Negi and Kotarou with them deciding to join the demi-saiyan and the orange haired girl. It did ease up the tension between them but both of them let out a sigh of disappointment that their time alone was ruined. However, when they did that, they both blushed at the same time. Overall, they had a lot of fun just relaxing.

Gohan let out a sigh as he finished reminiscing. He had a lot of fun during those days up until today. The only regret that he had was that he wished had been a little less nervous during his date with Asuna. Maybe, once the trip was over, he could have a proper date with Asuna in the near future. Gohan smiled at that thought. "Yosh! Then let's get ready then," Gohan said excitedly as he grabbed his Capsule pouch and put it in his pocket. And with that, Gohan left the room.

As he walking through the hallways, Gohan wanted to see how everybody was doing. As he walked towards where he sensed Negi's ki signature, he heard a voice. "You're all rarin' to go, Gohan-sensei."

Gohan turned around to see Chisame, leaning against a column. "Chisame-san!" The demi-saiyan greeted. "What are you doing here?"

"I heard about what happened to Negi-sensei's village six years ago."

Gohan's eyes widened. "You did?"

Chisame nodded. "He was saved by his father, who he thought was dead," she said. "Now, you and him are going to the Magical world to look for him, right?"

"…Yes."

"Are you sure it's safe?" Chisame asked.

Gohan wasn't sure how to answer that question. Truth be told, he never had been to Mundus Magicus so he couldn't tell if it was safe or not. However, he knew the answer. "I might not be the best person to ask that question Chisame-san," he said. "But, if there is any danger to any one, I will be sure to protect them with my life."

Chisame blushed a bit on Gohan's confidence. Within a second though, she chuckled. "Feh… what a bunch of weirdos," she said. "Getting dragged into a selfish 10 year old's business. Training like crazy to prepare…"

"Still…"

Chisame sighed. "Sorry about that. I was a bit harsh there. They're coming with you two of their free will. Negi-sensei would of course want to go alone, wouldn't he?"

Gohan couldn't help but nod. "It is true. Negi-san would have gone by himself if he truly wanted to, leaving us all behind." Gohan's sad mouth turned upright. "But then again, I would definitely find him and help him the best I can. After all, I made a promise with him that he we would help him find his father and I never break a promise."

Chisame smiled at Gohan's determination. "You know that it is not your responsibility to protect him all the time or even that matter go with him at all?"

Gohan blinked a few times in confusion. "What do you mean Chisame-san?"

"Do you really need to follow through your promise of helping him? Does he really have to find his old man? Can't you two just have fun with the people here? Why expose yourselves to danger?" Gohan was unsure on how to respond to those questions as it seemed more like questions pointed at Negi himself. Chisame sighed once again. "Don't overthink about it too much, Gohan-sensei. I just wanted to know that's all."

"Well… you could ask Negi-san yourself you know, especially since you are coming with us?"

"In your dreams," Chisame immediately responded.

"What do you mean?"

"The only reason on why I helped everybody else during MahoraFest was because everyone's goals happened to coincide with mine. I have no reason whatsoever to participate in this new venture."

"I see. I understand," Gohan said with a disappointed look on his face.

"What? You look disappointed, sensei."

"Well, to be perfectly honest, I had hoped you would come with Chisame-san," Gohan said, surprising Chisame completely. A blush appeared on her face. "But, you're right. You don't have to come with us if you don't want to." Gohan started to walk ahead, leaving behind a blushed Chisame. "Enjoy your summer break, Chisame-san. We'll meet again."

Chisame stood still as she began to ponder on what she should do now. Originally, she was going to stay in Mahora and not get any more involved with these people. But after hearing Gohan mention about how he had hoped that she would come. "Oh man, they should have just minded their own business," she muttered to herself as she went the opposite direction.

Meanwhile, Gohan continued to walk around the resort, noticing how everyone was getting ready in their own way. He coincidentally had run to Konoka, Setsuna and Asuna as they were finishing up packing their own things. Konoka went and hugged the demi-saiyan tightly while Setsuna and Asuna were a bit nervous and jealous at Konoka's forwardness. But they were satisfied once Gohan had mentioned that they all looked cute. Right around that time, one of Chachamaru's sisters had asked for Gohan to come along. The demi-saiyan of course obliged.

After a few minutes of following Chachamaru's sisters, Gohan found himself at the edge of the castle with Eva walking towards him. "How do you like the view, assistant?" she asked.

"It never surprises me," Gohan said. "After all the time that I have spent here training, the view is still amazing as always."

"I'm glad that you like it."

Gohan smiled. "Now that the day has finally arrived, what is your honest opinion on our group capabilities, Evangeline-san?"

"I give them a passing grade," Eva responded. "You should all be fine. There are discrepancies in strength and experience, but I doubt even the official Knights of the Magical World have this much talent. Everyone will be prepared for the random thugs and magical beasts. In fact, you guys won't be in danger unless you meet the real deal. So I wouldn't worry about them too much."

"I'm glad," Gohan said with his father's signature grin on his face. "I hope this trip turns out to be just another relaxing vacation."

Eva smirked as she closed in on the demi-saiyan; getting a curious look from him. "Well then, this won't be needed then."

"Needed for wha–" Gohan was suddenly interrupted when Eva pulled the demi-saiyan down to her level and kissed him directly on the lips. It was a long kiss which involved some tongue action that Gohan was a little unprepared for. After a minute of kissing, Eva let go of the entranced demi-saiyan.

"See you when you get back," Eva said as she left Gohan behind.

Gohan was flustered and blushing like crazy. He couldn't believe what just happened. Why did the Dark Mage do something like that to him? Could she possibly have an ulterior motive of trying to motivate him or something? Luckily, Gohan didn't have to ponder for long as Asuna and Negi called out for him to come along. Gohan snapped out of his funk and went rushing to join with the others as they all went to Narita International Airport.

Once they had arrived, Negi, Gohan and Asuna went ahead to pick up the plane tickets for everyone. Each person in the club received one, however there was one problem. There was an extra ticket. "It seems Chisame-san isn't coming," Chachamaru commented.

Everyone bent their heads down slightly in disappointment. "Oh well," Asuna said. "She'll have a fun summer, for sure."

"What do you mean, Chairman?" Everyone turned their heads around to see Chisame standing before them. Chisame had come to join them. All the girls went to greet Chisame while she tried to stop them from doing something stupid according to her eyes.

Gohan looked at Chisame in confusion as he thought that she wasn't going to come. Chisame needed to say something to this 'idiot'. "I didn't say I was coming yet, did I?"

"Then why…"

"I've gotten tired of the internet lately," Chisame responded. "I don't have a specific reason. You really didn't answer my question the other day anyways."

"Chisame-san…"

"Well, I heard it won't be dangerous. If something does happen, you'll save our butts, right?"

Gohan nodded with a confident smile on his face. "Yes, of course! That's a promise, Chisame-san!" Chisame smiled at the demi-saiyan's determination. Soon, the both of them were called by everyone that they needed to get to the gate quickly if they wanted to get a spot for the boarding line. Gohan and Chisame looked at each other and nodded with smiles on their faces. They proceeded to follow everyone else to the gate where their flight to England was awaiting for them and then afterwards, Wales and then Mundus Magicus.



* * *



After a day of traveling…

The Negima club had finally arrived in London. Everyone was in awe, including the demi-saiyan Son Gohan. It was his first time that he actually came to another country that wasn't for fighting an enemy. He had been in different parts of the world due to fighting against enemies like the Artificial Human Cell and the evil Majin Boo. This was becoming a good experience for him.

However, everyone knew that they didn't have time to visit everything in London as they had to catch a train ride to Wales. But on the way there, they had encountered some people that they never thought would be able to meet up with them.

It was Ayaka and her group which consisted of Ako, Akira, Natsumi, Chizuru, Madoka, Misa, Shiina, Yuna, Makie, Fuka and Fumika. Almost the entire 3-A class had come to England! Gohan couldn't help but face palm himself. This is going to be a long trip, Gohan said to himself. And sure enough, it was going to be one.

After taking a train to Wales, everyone had finally arrived in Negi's village. They all stood atop of a grassy hill overlooking over a small village. Everyone was in awe while Ayaka was in tears of joy. Asuna wondered why the Class Rep was so touched by seeing this but of course she knew the answer to that. Gohan was definitely impressed at the sight as well. It reminded him a bit of his home near Mount Paouzu. Seeing Negi standing by himself, Gohan walked over and asked, "So, what's up, Negi-san?"

"Nothing Gohan," replied the boy teacher. "I left here just a short while ago, but it seems to be ages ago. It feels unreal."

Gohan chuckled which got a confused look from Negi. "Of course it would. We've gone through quite a lot," he said, wearing his father's signature grin on his face.

"That's right," Asuna said as she joined the two. "C'mon Negi, cut loose a little! Be a kid!" Negi nodded in agreement before he heard a familiar voice.

"Negi!" Everyone turned their attention to the direction of the voice to see a long blonde haired woman running up the hill towards them. She was wearing a long skirt and blouse as she continued to run up the hill. "Negi!" she cried out again. Everyone wondered who this woman was, but Negi and Anya knew for sure who it was.

A big and bright smile appeared on Negi's face once he had spotted the woman. "SIS!" Upon saying that, Negi ran towards his sister's arms, even though they were technically cousins.

"NEGI!"

"BIG SIS!" He jumped into his sister, Nekane's arms, losing himself to childish behavior. Some of the girls awed at the scene while Negi twirled around his sister like a doll. "Sis, how are you? You're doing well?"

"What about you, Negi? No colds? Are you eating healthy?"

Asuna smiled at the scene. "He can be a regular kid sometimes," she commented. Gohan, who stood next to the orange haired girl, couldn't agree more.

Turning his body towards his students and friends, Negi introduced everyone. "Sis, let me introduce you to everyone here. These are my students and friends."

"Oh my… there's a lot of people here."

Negi scratched the back of his neck while chuckling. "This isn't the entire class, either," Negi commented. "Ah, Big Sis," the boy teacher said as he grabbed Nekane's hand and brought her to Gohan, who was a little unprepared, "this is Son Gohan. The person I told you about."

Gohan stepped forward and bow in greeting to Nekane. "It's a pleasure to meet you, Nekane-san," he said. "My name is Son Gohan and I'm his assistant teacher. Negi-san has told me a lot about you. You should be very proud of him," Gohan said as he ruffled the boy teacher's hair.

Gohan offered his hand to shake with Nekane since they were in a culture where greetings were done through a handshake. However, the demi-saiyan was completely caught by surprise when Nekane hugged him instead of shaking his hand. "Thank you so much for looking after Negi," she said, nearly breaking into tears. "He means so much to me. It is good to know that someone like you was looking after him." Gohan smiled as he returned the hug.

A few moments later, Gohan pulled back from Nekane's hug. Displaying his father's signature grin on his face, he said, "Negi-san is incredible person. I am very glad to have met him as well as help him in his journey. You have a great younger brother." Nekane nodded in agreement as the girls all went to greet her as well.

After a few minutes of chatting, Nekane took everyone to their appropriate lodging where they were served lunch. She asked a few chefs to help out with the preparations since it was large group and also, she had heard about Gohan's ferocious appetite, so they were going to need a large amount of food for their guests.

Of course, none of that prepared her for what she was bore witness to. Gohan was eating so many plates while the girls were eating normally as if they had been accustomed to it. Nekane and everyone else that wasn't part of Negi's group were gaping at the sight.

The chef then declared an eating contest for the demi-saiyan after he finished his tenth plate. He promised that he would keep serving the demi-saiyan until he gave up. He, of course, surrendered after Gohan finished his 20th plate. However, the demi-saiyan continued to eat until the other chefs had surrendered as well. Nekane and everyone else had their eyes popping out in shock while Gohan looked at his huge stack of plates. "Oh man, that was some good food," the demi-saiyan commented.

"He ate enough food for thirty people."

"More like a small kingdom," Nekane said, surprised that someone like Gohan would eat so much and not get fat at all. Was it because he was a martial artist like Negi told her?

Gohan looked at Nekane's reaction and immediately blushed in embarrassment. "Sorry about that, Nekane-san," the demi-saiyan said. "I was just hungry since the plane wouldn't give me additional food."

"Of course they wouldn't," Asuna muttered. "You would have emptied out all of their trays and no one would have been able to eat."

Nekane chuckled. "It's okay, Mr. Son. I just have never seen someone eat that much before."

"You'd be very surprise Big Sis," Negi stated, referring to of course, to Son Goku and his rival, Vegeta.

After the meal was over, Negi gave everyone a tour of where he lived and the academy at which he studied. Everyone was in awe at everything that they saw. Ayaka, however, was beaming with joy at seeing Negi's past. Some of the girls knew why the Class Rep was like that. Later on, Negi had told Nekane that he had something to discuss with her which was most urgent.

Later that night, Negi told Nekane what he had planned to do. "By God! You're going to the Magical World?" Nekane fainted right there, catching Negi by surprise. Within moments later, Nekane had woken up. "Why are you going all of a sudden?" she asked.

"I'm sorry, Sis. I want to find Father," Negi said determinedly.

Nekane was shocked but she knew that when Negi was like this, there was no use in trying to change his mind. He was very stubborn. "I understand," she said. "You're still 10, though. You should wait until you get older. It's too dangerous for you."

"But…"

"Don't worry, Nekane-san," said a voice. Negi and Nekane turned their attention towards the direction of the voice to see that it was Son Gohan who had spoken. Leaning against a column and with his father's signature grin on his face, Gohan said, "I'm going to help him."

"Gohan!"

"Mr. Son!" Nekane said. "Negi had told me that you were strong but you would be no match for what lies ahead at the gate to the Magical World. You can't possibly be prepared for what is in the Magical World!"

"Then I'll help him," spoke another voice. This time around it was a much older man wearing a wizard's robe and had a long white beard. Gohan was curious as to who this mysterious person was, but he soon found out once Negi spoke to the old man.

"Grandpa!" Negi greeted. "I'm back! It's been a while!"

"In China, they say 'If one has not met a man for three days, observe carefully'," the old man commented. "You've grown up so much. Konoemon has told me quite a bit. I hear you've been quite bold! Did you run into troubles?"

Negi chuckled nervously. "Uh, Grandpa…"

"I know," interrupted the old man. "This day has come earlier than I expected. Are you willing to see this through?"

Without hesitation, Negi immediately responded, "Yes!"

The old man chuckled slightly. "You can face the future without dwelling on the past," the old man said. "Not like anyone will blame you. You're still a kid."

"I can't… I can't do that…"

The old man chuckled at Negi's stubbornness. "You're stubborn. It's not always an advantage, you know. You may want to learn to relax." Motioning for everyone to follow him, the old man continued to speak, "Fine, come with me." Gohan, Nekane, Negi and the old man passed through one of the buildings and proceeded down a flight of stairs. Then all of them had reached upon a set of doors that looked very intimidating.

Negi gulped as the old man explained to him, "After that incident, everyone in your village was carried over here." The old man opened the door and once everyone took a peek inside, Negi's and Gohan's eyes flung wide open. There was a whole mass of people, except that they were petrified. Gohan realized who they were as these were the people that Wilhelm and other demons had attacked six years ago. He clenched his fist.

Negi looked at the first pertried person and said, "Grandpa… Stan… it's me… Negi. It's been 6 years already. You're still the same. If you and my sister didn't help me, I'd be… I'd probably be turned into stone like everyone else in the village." I would have never met Gohan, Asuna-san, or anyone else in Class 3-A, Negi said to himself.

Spotting another familiar petried person, Negi called out, "Uncle! Mr. Stan, Uncle… take a look! I've grown quite a lot since then! I'm here thanks to you. I just wanted to tell you that." Gohan was impressed. Any normal person would have broken down crying or something, but not Negi, he was different. He had definitely grown up ever since he met the boy teacher so many months ago. Gohan patted Negi on the shoulder, letting him now that he was here with him.

"I wanted to show you this," the old man spoke up, "so you can move forward from the past. I don't want you to have to suffer more burden."

"I know," Negi responded. "I can't handle the burden all on my own. It's pointless."

"You got that right, Negi-san," Gohan said. "After all, you have us to share the burden with. You have matured a lot."

"Dummy! He hasn't matured!" exclaimed a voice. Everyone turned around to see that it was Anya who said those comments. Plus, she had brought along Asuna, Setsuna, Konoka, Nodoka, Yue and Chisame to the chamber. Pointing at Negi, Anya continued her rant, "You haven't changed at all!"

"Anya!" Nekane said, surprised to see the young girl here.

"Anya, how dare you bring people here?" the old man commented.

"Think about it, Grandpa!" Anya said, ignoring the old man's comments. "These people are here to help Negi. We all have the right to see this!" The girls were quiet upon seeing this sight. Even Konoka, who was always cheery, was quiet. Gohan had expected this reaction. It's not every day that people like them see something like this in their lifetimes.

Anya continued to prod around the place. "This is such a dreary place, as usual! Those frozen in cool poses… maybe we can sell them on the Internet! There's more than 200 of these!" commented Anya.

Asuna was starting to have a problem with Anya's attitude towards this whole situation. "I don't think that's right, Anya-chan."

"Asuna, you like older guys, right?" Anya asked. "What about this bearded one? You should have him in your room!"

Asuna clenched her fists in anger. "That's enough!"

"He's handsome, too."

"Anya-chan!" Asuna was about to give a piece of her mind to that girl, especially disrespecting the people here in this room. However, she stopped when Negi pulled her arm.

"Asuna-san…" Asuna turned her head to see Negi telling her not to go and fight Anya. Pointing to where Anya was at, Negi said, "That over there… that's Anya's mother." Everyone moved their eyes towards where Anya was at and noticed that she taking real good care of a petrified woman. After having seen enough, Gohan motioned everyone to come outside as he didn't want everyone to get really depressed about it.

While outside, Negi spoke about Anya. "Anya found out about that place before I did. She went down and found her mother like that. She avoided the incident because she was living in the school dorm."

"I see," Asuna responded. "I need to ask though. Negi, are you all right?"

"What?" Negi replied. "What do you mean?"

"I mean seeing that room and all…"

"I'm fine," replied the boy teacher. "I was prepared for it. Looking at Anya's strength, I have to be just as strong!"

Gohan grinned. "True." Everyone nodded in agreement with the demi-saiyan.

"Besides, that room is my starting point. I recognized that today," Negi explained. "I'm glad I saw everyone in my village. I have to work hard so I don't disappoint Mr. Stan!"

Suddenly, the boy teacher found himself under the arm of Gohan. "And don't forget about us, Negi-san. It is not only you that has to work hard, you know. We are all in this together."

Konoka nodded in agreement. "If I work really hard, maybe I can bring them back," she said. Gohan smiled at the young girl's determination and so were the others. With that commitment set, all of them went to bed as they had to get up early the next day for their trip to the magical world, Mundus Magicus!



* * *



The next day…

Gohan got everything ready. Putting on his Kame uniform underneath his travel suit, Gohan let his room to meet up with everyone outside. It was very foggy at Negi's village, perfect for the Negima club to leave behind the non-club members in the village. The Negima club then met up with Donet McGuiness, a friend of both Yuna's father and the headmaster of Mahora Academy. She was going to be their guide to the entrance of the magical world. Negi turned around and said goodbye to his sister. With that, the Negima Club was ready to depart.

A few minutes later, everyone started to put on mage robes that Donet had given to the club at the lodge. Gohan felt a little uncomfortable with the robe. It didn't give him much mobility. He wondered if Negi could teach him how to use it properly. As everyone finished putting on the robes, Donet gave out her instructions. "Be sure to follow me," she said. "Don't get lost."

"All right, Donet-san!" Konoka replied happily as she was very excited to get to finally see the Magical World.

"Umm, I have a question," Yue said. "What happens if we get lost?"

"We won't reach the Gate unless we perform the rituals in order," Donet replied. "If you get lost, you'll wander for a few hours in a daze then end up at the back entrance of the village."

"That sucks," commented Haruna as they continued to walk forward while Asuna stayed behind a bit.

"I'm sorry, Iincho and Makie-chan!" Asuna said. "I'm leaving."

"What are you sorry about?" Asuna flinched. She turned around and saw Ayaka standing before her. What was with this girl and her dedication to Negi?

"What are you doing here?" Asuna asked. "Um, uh, well, no, I was going to say, you're not planning to follow us…"

Ayaka smiled. "Of course! I'll walk through fire and follow Negi-sensei until the end of the planet!"

"Gyah!" Asuna shrieked.

"That was a joke, you idiot!" Ayaka screamed angrily. "I don't break promises!"

"Oh!"

"I can't be with you, Asuna-san. Just make sure Negi-sensei doesn't get hurt, or you'll have hell to pay. All right?"

Asuna nodded as she gripped her hand in confidence. "You betcha!" she said to the Class Rep. "I may get torn up, but I'll bring him back in one piece!"

"You're not going to be injured, either!"

"What am I supposed to do?"

"I want everyone to be safe and sound!"

Asuna smiled, trying to relax Ayaka's anxiety. "It's supposed to be a very safe trip; safter than I thought at first."

"I hope so," Ayaka replied. "I just have a bad feeling…"

"Don't worry," Asuna said. "You'll be wrong, as usual."

"Asuna-san! What are you doing?" The demi-saiyan called out. "You'll be left behind!"

Asuna was about to say more to the Class Rep, but Ayaka would hear none of it. "Now go," she said, motioning for the orange haired girl to get going.

"Thank you, Iincho," Asuna stated. "I'll tell you everything one day."

"I'm counting on it. I'll be waiting for everyone to get back," Ayaka as she and Asuna waved goodbye at each other once more. Asuna ran happily towards Gohan as the two of them went to try to catch up with the rest of them. Ayaka sighed. "Have a safe trip, Negi-sensei… Asuna-san." With that, the Class Rep went back to the lodge. However, little did she know that some of her classmates proceeded to follow Negi and the others.

Meanwhile, back with the Negi crew, they continued to walk through the fog while Donet had a magic circle in front of her to guide the way to the Gate. "Um, Donet-san?" Yue said.

"Yes?"

"About where we're going, can normal people wander in?" asked Yue.

Donet shook her head. "That's impossible," she replied. "The Gate is 'nowhere.' It is in a 'different world.' Common folk can't reach it. But there have been people who get spirited once every ten years or so by accident. The likelihood is as good as winning the lottery, though." Gohan couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief. He thought that because some of the girls came all the way to Wales, they would try to follow them. Good thing there wasn't anyone in the class that had the devil's luck. Or so he thought.

Either way, they had arrived at the appointed location. Everyone awed at what was ahead them. Before them lied a large collection of rocks, or henges some archeologists would call, in a circular formation. The composed stones had a variety of sizes. It was similar to the infamous prehistoric monument, Stonehenge. "Impressive," Gohan muttered.

Then he noticed a crowd of people waiting in front of the center part of Magical Stonehenge as Konoka called it. "Donet-san, I see many people over there," pointed out the demi-saiyan.

"That's not a lot actually Gohan-sensei," Donet stated. "There are only a few gates in the world. The Gate opens once a week at most. Sometimes, only once a month."

"I see."

"Once a week, eh?" Kazumi commented. "No wonder there's not much activity."

"It's an isolated country," Chisame added.

"Either way," grinned Kotarou, "I'm looking forward to this and seeing the magical world! Can't wait to see what kind of opponents there are!" Ku Fei nodded in agreement.

"Kotarou-kun, we are not here to go out and fight someone," Asuna reprimanded the two martial artists. "We are here to look for Negi's father, got it?" Ku Fei and the young hanyou nodded obediently.

"By the way, why is the Gate not open yet de-gozaru?" Kaede asked.

"There's still an hour left," Donet replied.

"Good plenty of time to eat breakfast!" Gohan said with a big smile on his face as he sat before a huge array of plates. Asuna couldn't help but face fault. Gohan really did like to eat. Kotarou and Ku Fei decided to join as well, opening up their snacks.

Anya flinched once she noticed that Kotarou was eating the sandwiches. "Kotarou, that sandwich…" However, Anya had accidentally bumped into someone. Bowing in apology, Anya went over there to give Kotarou a piece of her mind. However, little did Anya know that the person that she had bumped into was none other than Fate Averruncus. The white haired boy took a glance at Negi and the group and proceeded to walk forward, ready to begin the next phase of their plan.



* * *



Author's note: Hey everyone! Hope you all enjoyed the chapter! Fate and Tullece make their appearance once again! It's been 43 chapters since we last saw Fate and 6 chapters for Tullece. As for the mysterious creature, I'm sorry to say that it is not Coola. He is long dead. His name is Kureeza and there are some hints of who he is. If you have read Toriyama's other works, you would know who this guy is. Much more on him in later chapters!

READ AND REVIEW! I can't stress that enough. One minute out of your busy schedule is all that I ask. I love hearing what people think of the new developments in the story!

See ya around! Peace!





*Chapter 53*: A Fateful Encounter!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. See chapter 1 for details.

Author's note: Hey everyone! How are you all doing? My week was good. Spain won the Euro Cup which I am very happy about. I showed off my Spanish jersey at combined meeting with the Japanese teachers with a suit and everything. It was awesome.

Anyways, I am super glad that people have started to review again. I'm super, super happy! :) Keep it going! I love hearing from everyone! And also, thank you for reviewing!

I want to thank Gokai Entertainment for beta reading this chapter as well as improving on Kotarou's known arsenal. He has been amazing to work with! Thank you! Now, let me present to you all Chapter 53 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 53: A Fateful Encounter! The Return of Fate Averruncus!

"The Celts have believed in the existence of another world in the bottom of lakes, stonehenges, the other side of the ocean. It was considered a beautiful world, inhabited by faeries and the dead," Yue explained. "Unlike the more common perception of heaven and paradise, the dead in the 'underworld' in Celt mythology have physical bodies as if they were alive and continue to live. It was thought that the living could enter the 'other world' in the flesh. It was, in other words, 'another world.' It's a similar concept to the 'other world' presented in the Chinese Tougenkyou or the Dragon Castle from Urashima Taro. It's like an ideal paradise linked to the physical world. There are many mythical 'paradises' that include Agartha, Arcadia, Avalon, El Dorado, and Tir Na Nog. This is an interesting subject, but I'll leave it for now. Where we're headed to – the Mundus Magicus – is similar to this 'other world.' Furthermore…"

"Yue, they're not listening," Nodoka interrupted as she noticed that Yue was giving such a rich backstory to this adventure that no one had the decency to even listen to some of it. Curses! Either way, Yue and Nodoka proceeded to join up with Negi, Gohan and the others as Donet was giving them final instructions.

"Everyone, gather around this circle," Donet instructed. "The Gate should open in a few minutes."

Negi clenched his fist in excitement. The gate, the boy teacher said to himself, portal to another world… my Father was active in battle in the world beyond this Gate. My Father was active from around my age to about 15 years old. There's no reason for me to hesitate! I'm going… to the Magical World, to my Father's world.

Gohan chuckled to himself once he saw the look on Negi's face. He was about to say something to the boy teacher before his senses were tingling. His eyes widened a bit when he felt this… this energy. Something about it felt so familiar. "Gohan-sensei, what is it?" Setsuna asked as she noticed the stern look on Gohan's face.

"This energy… this ki signature… I've felt this before," Gohan replied. "Ever since we arrived, I have had this feeling of dread following us. I feel evil surrounding this place."

"Really? I don't feel anything," Setsuna commented. Gohan wasn't so sure about that. He did feel something, something very strong. He knew that Setsuna had the ability to detect ki signatures like him and even though he would trust her judgment sometimes, she wasn't as skilled as him. He tried to zero in on the ki signature but couldn't sense anything. Worried, Setsuna decided to ask Donet. "Ms. McGuinness, is there any danger here?"

"Danger? Not possible," Donet replied. "This may look like a field, but this place has more security than your average airport. If anyone was able to sneak in here, they would have to be a powerful mage. They couldn't be an ordinary human."

"I see," Gohan said. "Maybe with the heavy magic in this area, my senses are just trying to adjust themselves. It's probably that. I wouldn't be too worried Setsuna-san."

"I… agree Gohan-sensei," Setsuna said and as Gohan looked away, Setsuna began to glance around as well. My triple strength danger detection does not pick up anything unusual, Setsuna said to herself. I don't think there's any problem.

"It's time," Donet said as everyone cheered in excitement. They watched as the sun began to rise followed by the ground lighting up ever so brightly. The Negima crew was quickly reminded of the last day of MahoraFest and the brightness of the World Tree.

Everyone began to make comments about what it will be like once they reach the other side. Gohan and Negi couldn't help but think this wasn't a vacation but rather a school trip as they tried to keep everything orderly.

Then suddenly, the brightness formed itself into a column of light that shot out into the sky, like a ray beam. Within seconds, everyone that was in the circle was gone and transported to somewhere else entirely! Everyone in the club was completely surprised at the speed in which they arrived in. "Transportation is quick!" Haruna commented.

Kazumi agreed. "Yup. I wonder if we can use this in the real world."

"Everyone," Negi said, grabbing everyone's attention. "If we go there, we can avoid all the hassle of entry."

"Seriously!" Haruna exclaimed as she took Yue and Nodoka with her to get their first glimpse of the Magical World.

Konoka was about to go with them but Asuna stopped her. "Konoka, wait!" Konoka turned around, curious as to why Asuna wanted her attention. "Konoka, help me out with the paperwork. We have reservation as guards."

"Yes!"

Anya scoffed. "You country bumpkins!"

"Negi-sensei, you have to pick up your staff and luggage," Donet said. Negi noded as he and Gohan went to check in at the customs desk.

Meanwhile, Haruna, Yue, Nodoka, Chisame and Chachamaru went up to the viewing deck and boy, were they impressed with what they saw. Before laid a city unlike anything they have seen before. There were flying ships, flying animals, flying almost everything. It was like straight from a fantasy story. Haruna clenched her fists in joy. "I love it!" shouted the manga artist. "It's fantastic! I'm so glad I came! I wanted to see something like this!"

"It's more like Hong Kong than Manhattan," Yue commented.

"It's not too… different from reality," Chisame said which shocked Haruna to the core.

"What! What are you on? Chisame-chan, look! What are you talking about? Look at the whales flying!"

"It's like reality, except with flying whales."

"Why are you so cold, you cynical girl! You have no dreams! You're too young for that!"

"That's my personality. Got a problem with it? Look at the city. Nothing romantic about it. Like the real world, it's just another complex place to live."

Meanwhile, Gohan and Negi had arrived at the desk, ready to pick up their belongings. "Mr. Springfield and Mr. Son, your staff, sword, and other weapons are stored in this sealed box," spoke the attendant with a smile on her face. Gohan was a bit confused as he noticed two women behind the attendant giggling to each other. Shaking off that feeling, Gohan continued to hear what the attendant had to say. "You cannot unseal this box until you leave the Gateport. It's been sealed with powerful magic."

"They're all in this box?" Negi asked.

The attendant nodded. "Megalomesenbria requires a carrying permit for weapons. Be sure to get your permit. But, excuse me, Mr. Springfield, can I shake your hand?" Negi nodded as he shook the attendant as she had admired his father, Nagi Springfield. Gohan grinned, remembering about how Negi was quite famous back in the magical world.

However, things were about to get hectic. "Negi-sensei! Gohan-sensei!" screamed Donet. "We have stowaways at the Gate! Your students!"

Gohan's and Negi's eyes flung wide open. "WHAT?" They both exclaimed as the two of them rushed towards the gateport and sure enough, there were four of his students there. Makie, Yuna, Akira, and Ako were surrounded by the guards.

"Negi-kun, what's going on?" Makie asked as she had tears in her eyes. All of them were very confused on what was going on.

"Makie-san!" Negi shouted.

Gohan shrieked when Yuna was with the group too. "Yuna-san! How did you… how did you get here?"

"Gohan-kun, we have no idea what's going on!" Yuna explained. "I'm sorry, we promised but we wanted to come along with you all."

This was an absolute nightmare for Gohan and Negi. How did this happen? Negi wondered to himself. Now Makie-san and the others will learn about magic! This is all my fault! What do I do? Negi was about to ask Gohan's advice on what they should do, but suddenly Negi felt a jolt to his senses and a big one at that.

It was an incredible ki signature, something that he hadn't felt since he last saw Tullece, the evil Saiyan. But this energy, he had felt it before. I don't know how, but Makie-san was able to infiltrate. That means others can, too. Even in the real world, accidents and problems crop up despite extreme preparations.

Negi turned to the demi-saiyan and noticed that he too had sensed something. A nervous sweat appeared on Gohan's face. They needed to act quickly before something bad happened. Speaking in English, Negi said, "Guard, how many guards are here right now?"

"What are you talking about?"

"Call all available guards! We have an emergency!"

"Uh… yeah, but…"

"Hurry!" Gohan screamed. The guard nodded as he went ahead to call in for more help.

"Asuna-san, come here and protect Makie-san! Kaede-san, Ms. McGuinness, head to the port of entrance! Kotarou-kun and Nodoka-san, to the terrace! Anya, you have your portable staff? Help me create a magical barrier," commanded the boy teacher. Turning his head, he looked at the demi-saiyan. "Gohan."

"On it."

Up high above, a mysterious figure was intrigued. "He can sense me?" questioned the mysterious person. "I thought it would be impossible, especially when we have equipped ki blockers for people like Gohan-kun. However, with his blood… nice way to say hello!" Then without hesitation, the mysterious figure threw a stone spread right through Negi's body, hitting him in the shoulder.

Everyone stood still for a millisecond as they watched in slow motion on Negi getting attacked. Negi coughed out lots of blood before he fell to the ground with thud. Gohan and everyone else's eyes flung wide open at this sudden turn of events as the demi-saiyan clenched his fists angrily. "NEEEEGGIIIIIIIIIIIIII-SSAAAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNN!" yelled Gohan furiously, allowing himself to transform into a Super Saiyan! Huge of amounts dusts pushed off the demi-saiyan. Furrowing his eyebrows deep in anger, Gohan began to search out Negi's attacker. He was so going to pay for this!

The mysterious figures above that were hiding were surprised at seeing the demi-saiyan warrior transform into a Super Saiyan. Could it be? One of the mysterious figures wondered.

Setsuna, meanwhile, began to give out commands as she noticed that Gohan was not in the right mood to be talking to. "Ku! Bring Konoka-ojou-sama here! We don't have a lot of time." The Chinese martial artist nodded as she went to fetch Konoka.

Asuna went upon to check on Negi's condition, shocked at seeing so much blood. She hadn't seen this much blood since seeing Gohan's condition during the battle against Tullece. "He's bleeding profusely!" Asuna yelled as she tried to stop the outpour of Negi's blood. They needed to close up his wound quickly!

Setsuna gritted her teeth as she began to contemplate her next move. Screw the consequences; they needed Gohan's help now. "Gohan-sensei…" The demi-saiyan didn't respond. "Gohan-sensei!" Gohan immediately snapped out of his state as he reverted back to his normal state. He turned his head back at Setsuna once he heard his name being called. "Gohan-sensei, we need your help!"

Gohan inhaled some air to calm himself down as his anger almost got the better of him. He gave a nod at the swordswoman. "Right!" Turning to Kaede, he commanded, "Kaede-san, protect Makie-san. Kotarou-san, protect this area. Where is Konoka-san?"

"Right here," Konoka said in a low voice as she was in shock upon seeing Negi's condition. Gohan gritted his teeth upon seeing Konoka's face. They needed to act fast if they were going to save Negi!

"Setsuna-san, talk to her! We need her to heal Negi-san right now before the three minutes are up!"

The swordswoman nodded as she went to her childhood friend. "Ojou-sama," she said but Konoka didn't respond. Grabbing hold of her shoulders, Setsuna shook her and shouted, "Ojou-sama, stay sharp! We need your help! This wound could kill Negi-sensei. Where's your artifact?"

"I know, but, Se-chan… my pactio card's still confined."

Gohan's eyes widened. "Of course," he said. "All the cards and weapons are inside that box!"

Konoka began to panic. "What can I do?" she asked. "In three minutes, my power won't be enough to save him!"

Gohan turned to Setsuna. "Can't we open that box?" he asked.

"That's impossible Gohan-sensei! It's been sealed, so it's now spell-resistant!"

"Dammit!" Gohan cursed out loud. Just great, Gohan said to himself. The one time that I don't bring along Senzu beans this shit happens! Dammit, what happened to being prepared for anything?

"Don't worry," spoke one of the guards. "Help is on the way. They're sending our best medics. He'll recover."

"I'm sorry, but it will be too late," Gohan said, clenching his fists. Upon sensing something, Gohan quickly rushed in front of everyone. They're here! Within that moment, a powerful lighting attack came down upon them.

The security guards were immediately killed by attack and one of them had been petrified not into stone but into metal. Luckily, Gohan had formed a shield around the girls and the injured Negi Sringfield using his ki.

"The security!" Anya shouted as she was about to rush to check on their condition.

"Stop right there, Anya!" Gohan shouted. Anya stopped running as she was surprised at the tone that Gohan just used. "It's useless. They are already dead."

"What!"

"Indeed, they are. It's been a while, Shinmei-ryuu warriors. Inugami Kotarou, Negi Springfield and friends. And you too Gold Fighter, or should I say, Son Gohan," spoke a voice. Gohan turned his body towards the direction of the voice, looking sternly at the speaker. "Negi-kun, your powers seems to have improved somewhat, but I merely had to attack you once to win. There's nothing more pathetic than mediocrity. Don't you agree with me, Gohan-kun?"

Everyone turned around to see the last person they expected to see after such a long time, Fate Averruncus! And this time around, he had a group along with him. A swordswoman, a tall bulky figure with yellow vest/armor with a metal hat, blue skin, machine earplugs in his ears and eyes that looked robotic, and two mages behind the white haired boy. It was not a sight to see right about now for anyone.

"You!" Kotarou shouted as Setsuna posed herself in fighting pose as did the young hanyou and Kaede. However, they were stopped from going any further by none other than the demi-saiyan warrior, Son Gohan.

Gohan furrowed his eyebrows in anger. "Fate… Averruncus."

"Indeed it is," Fate said as suddenly the bulky figure went on the attack. Dashing towards Gohan, the metallic looking man gave a devastating punch that even Gohan couldn't follow. The demi-saiyan warrior spat out some bile due to the force behind the punch as he was sent flying and crashing against the wall. The metal man opened his mouth and sent out a powerful ki beam at Gohan's position, causing a great explosion.

"GOHAN/-KUN/-SENSEI!" screamed the girls. Kaede, Setsuna, and Kotarou went on the attack to avoid having Gohan suffer any more damage from this metal man but they too were attack from the other warriors that were with Fate. They too were soundly defeated. Asuna, Anya, and Ku Fei couldn't believe what they were seeing. How could the three next powerful warriors besides Gohan be defeated so easily? It's as if all the training they did was for nothing!

"Who the hell are you!" Asuna shouted angrily. "What the hell do you want! Why did you follow us here!"

"Heh heh heh," chuckled the metal man. "We did not follow you at all. It was just coincidence."

"Just a coincidence?"

The metal man was about to continue to speak but was stopped by Fate. "There is no need to go into details, Rilldo-san," said the white haired boy.

"That's General Rildo-sama to you boy," General Rildo said. "Don't forget who your superior is. After all, if it wasn't for Doctor Miu-sama's generous upgrades, you wouldn't have been any match for that boy. I scouted his energy readings earlier. He is much stronger than he appears."

"I am aware about that," Fate responded with a cold look at Rildo. Rildo grinned, brushing off the killing intent that Fate was trying to send at him like it was nothing. He did enjoy toying with the white haired boy a bit. After all, he was his favorite subordinate. However, the mission leader this time around was Fate. Why? The Machine Mutant could not help but wonder.

"Anyways, as General Rildo-san was just saying, this was just a coincidence. People at your school are serious about your safety. And about keeping your secrets," Fate explained. "Even I had no idea you would be here. Too bad everything led to this anyway. My reason for being here has nothing to do with any of you. Consider it an unfortunate accident. I never thought Negi-kun would sense our presence here. I had no option. I couldn't allow him to call for backup. Just so you know, there's no help coming. I've isolated this area from the outside world."

Asuna cursed under her breath at their predicament. Where was Gohan when they needed him? He couldn't have been knocked out that easily, right? Then Asuna noticed something, a signal that Negi was trying to give to her. "Negi-kun! Your friends mean nothing to me. They might as well be trash," Fate commented. "I can't think of a good reason to eliminate you, but I might as well. This is perfect. General Rilldo, if you please retire everyone."

"Of course, Fate," General Rilldo said. "Now witness the great power of a Machine Mutant. I will turn everyone into metal! METAL BREA–" But before he could launch his signature attack, the good General Rilldo was sent flying by an unknown punch. Everyone, including Fate, had eyes widened when they noticed a figure standing within the mist.

"Heh, you know that was not a nice cheap shot you gave to me. You could have at least let me take off this suit. It's hard to move around, you know?" The mist dissipated to reveal the demi-saiyan, Son Gohan in his Kame uniform!

"What!" Fate said. "How did you…"

Gohan grinned. "I wouldn't worry about me Fate so as much yourself."

Fate seemed confused by what the demi-saiyan meant by that when he suddenly felt a punch directly at his face. Looking up, he saw Negi, gravely injured but still a lot of fighting spirit. "You'll have to go through me first!" Negi shouted as he pulled out the spear from his body. Gohan grinned as he stood next to boy teacher. The two of them brought forth their blazing auras.

"Interesting," Fate said as he rubbed off the small amount of blood that came from his lip. "So you both want to die so badly. That's problematic for me. As you can see, my companion gets himself a bit riled up when he is punched in the face like that."

"What do you mean?" Gohan asked. Upon that, the entire Gateport began to shake violently. It was an earthquake was coming through the area. Gohan gritted his teeth. This is impossible, Gohan pondered to himself. I don't think there should be any earthquakes at the Gateport, unless… Gohan focused his ki senses and was in for quite a shock.

"Heh heh heh, that actually hurt a bit," spoke General Rilldo as he rose up from his recently destroyed tomb. "To think that someone would actually land a punch on me. Quite impressive, boy. Just to let you know that you won't be getting out of here alive. You and the bleeding brat."

"We'll see about that," Gohan said determinedly.

"How can you all possibly win?" Fate asked. "You have no weapon and are outmatched. What chance do you…" Then Fate sensed something. Looking over where the sealed box was, Fate saw that Asuna had punched the seal open, effectively breaking it due to her magic cancelling abilities.

Grabbing ahold of hers and Konoka's pactio, Asuna tossed the pactio to Konoka. "ADEAT!" They said, summoning upon their artifacts. Asuna was dressed in gothic-lolita outfit that Eva may have given her. It revealed a lot of her panties and her shoulders were bare skin. Gohan blushed at how Asuna was dressed, thinking that she looked kind of cool in that outfit. Either way, it was definitely not the time to inspect each other's clothing. They needed to save Negi!

"Konoka-san, take care of Negi-san!" Gohan commanded as he grabbed hold of the boy teacher. "We don't have much more than 30 seconds left!"

"His wounds are too serious Gohan-kun!" Konoka stated. "I need to be able to touch him." Gohan nodded and was about to bring Negi to her before he saw a blur pass by him. His eyes widened when he realized who it was. He needed to act fast! Reaching into his orange vest, Gohan pulled out a card and went into super speed.

Konoka was about to rush over to where Negi was at when suddenly she met face to face with Fate Averruncus. "Excuse me, Princess." Calling upon his stone magic, Fate prepared to unleash his petrification spell upon Konoka. "BREATH OF STONE!"

Setsuna let out a curse as she was a bit too late in activating her pactio. "OJOU-SAMA!" Setsuna cried out. Falling on to her knees, Setsuna began to tear up as she believed to have failed everyone. "Dammit!"

"SIGNA!" All of the mist that Fate had created started to congregate into a single cloud. Then, that cloud was pulled like a vacuum cleaner sucking in steam. Everyone eyes widened when the cloud had disappeared entirely. In front of Konoka stood Son Gohan, except he was doing something interesting as he was holding a sword; the Zeta Sword!

Konoka was cowering in fear as she had thought that she had been turned into stone. But once she felt her heart beat, she knew that she wasn't a stone figure. She moved her eyes to see the demi-saiyan warrior standing before her. "Gohan-kun!"

"Are you all right, Konoka-san?" Gohan asked. The healer nodded. "Good. Asuna-san, bring Negi-san here, now! Setsuna-san, protect Konoka-san at all costs!"

The swordswoman and the orange haired girl wondered where the sword came from, but right now was not the time to ponder. They nodded as they followed Gohan's commands. "Right!" Within moments, Asuna brought Negi over to Konoka while Setsuna watched her rear. "Negi, Negi!" Asuna said. "Stay strong!"

Gohan grinned that things were starting to head the right direction. He then turned his attention at Fate, who had curious look on his face. "Abeat," Gohan muttered as he closed his eyes while he put away his sword and his pactio card.

Gohan then opened them sternly as he clenched his fists and got himself in a horse stance while he collected ki within his body. Taking a firmer stance, the demi-saiyan glared harder at his opponent, eyes flickering. Suddenly, the ground around him began to crackle with a fiercer display of golden, electrical currents.

Suddenly, golden electricity consumed Gohan and began flickering around him, shooting outwards and connecting with the walls and pillars of the Gateport. The currents moved up and down them, as well as across the ground as the field of power expanded and then contracted. With its concentration into Gohan's body, the demi-saiyan felt his power rise again, and finally, it hit him. He was ready. Bringing himself into a strong stance, Gohan reared his head back and let out a tremendous cry of power, a shock wave exploding out of him, cracking the ground beneath him and sending dust everywhere. The earth began to shake even more as Gohan gritted his teeth and then, with a flail of his arms, the demi-saiyan cried out. "HYAAAAH!" A bright light surrounded the demi-saiyan, causing most people to cover themselves from the light.

Everyone uncovered their eyes to see something different about Gohan. A blazing white aura surrounded the demi-saiyan as there were several cracks on the tiles surrounding him. His jet black hair had become spikier than before but Fate noted something else was different about him. It was his eyes. No longer did they carry the meekness that Gohan usually had. It was the eyes of a seasoned warrior, ready to fight at a moment's notice. "You have improved Gohan-kun," Fate complimented. "However, you are still no match for me."

"We'll see about that!" Gohan was about to charge at Fate when suddenly, General Rilldo came in front of the demi-saiyan, catching him by surprise.

The Machine Mutant had an evil grin on his face. "Interesting power up you just did. I wish to see more."

Gohan gritted his teeth. "I don't have time to waste on you! KAIO-KEN!" A crimson aura sprang up and surrounded the demi-saiyan. With a yell of rage, Gohan shot forward, the ground from which he took off from crumbling.

It surprised General Rilldo a bit when he saw Gohan hurl himself straight at him at an incredible rate. Just as he was backing away and raising his hands to defend himself, Gohan came in with a powerful hook that he sent across the Machine Mutant's face. General Rilldo was blind sighted and knocked senseless by the blow, which sent him staggering back.

Gohan followed up that attack with a knee. He rammed the blow straight into Rilldo's stomach before bringing himself up with a straight shot kick to his chin. The Machine Mutant was knocked back through the air, recovery at this point impossible. Gohan quickly turned around to face against the white haired boy, except he wasn't there anymore!

"Oh no!" Gohan quickly turned around to see that Fate was once again trying to stop Konoka from healing Negi. "Oh shit!" Gohan needed to get there quickly but it would be too late for him. He wouldn't be fast enough to reach Fate in time.

Asuna brought forth her sword, ready to cancel Fate's petrification spell. But the white haired boy knew better than to go up against Asuna and her magic cancelling abilities, so he did an afterimage in front of the orange haired girl and went above their position. Even Setsuna would react too late to this kind of attack. "Goodbye," Fate said as he prepared to unleash his spell.

"KON KON SHOU!" A ball of energy was immediately hurled into the white haired boy's stomach, sending him flying into the wall. "Don't forget about me, Fate!" The attacker turned out to be Kotarou as he was engulfed in a blazing black aura and in his Jyuken fighting stance. "I have improved a lot since the last time we met!"

"We'll see about that," spoke a voice behind Kotarou. Luckily, Kotarou was able to block the incoming attack from Fate but not without consequences as he was sent flying momentarily. Stopping his momentum by exerting a large amount of ki, Kotarou glared at his opponent.

With a bellowing roar, Kotarou flew straight at Fate, aura flaring wildly. Faster than the white haired boy counted, he was slammed straight across the face by a powerful jab, making him reel back in shock and from the pain he felt of the blow. After which, Kotarou dropped low and rammed several uppercuts into his stomach before, bringing his right leg back and slamming a powerful blow under Fate's chin.

Fate was thrown skyward, hurling out of control. The young hanyou gave chase, powering up and shooting after him, leaving a crater and a dust cloud behind him. Managing to stop his flight several moments later, the white haired boy readied himself and brought his right hand forward. A powerful, blue sparkling energy ball appeared, illuminating him and his opponent in his sights. Kotarou continued flying straight at him full speed. Then, Fate unleashed his attack. The magic energy ball shot straight for the young hanyou.

Kotarou was ready for it. Bringing his right hand up, he back slapped it out of the way, still flying forward. Then, with a clear sky to strike, he super speeded the rest of the way up to his opponent and appeared behind him. Fate stood expressionless when he saw Kotarou suddenly appear behind him. Flipping backwards, Kotarou kicked Fate straight in the back, sending him plummeting towards the earth like a meteor.

Fate dropped, and when he did, it was fast. Within seconds, he crashed, landing on his hands and knees and forming a crater beneath him. The entire area shook from the very force of impact, and when it finally stopped shaking, Fate was looking up.

"Inu Inu Dan!" A large black wolf-dog, now more solid and robotic in appearance covered in a blaze of fiery black ki suddenly attacked Fate out of nowhere. With its giant paws, it struck at Fate, sending the white haired boy slamming up against the walls. The summoned beast howled at its small victory. Kotarou grinned as he landed on the ground and looked at this handiwork. "Take that Fate! Told ya I improved!"

"Really?" spoke a voice behind Kotarou once again, causing the young hanyou's eyes to flung wide open. "I really couldn't tell." Kotarou turned around to see Fate standing before him, uninjured and with no scratches whatsoever, except the nifty little bruise that Negi gave him earlier.

Kotarou trembled a bit. "Th-That's impossible. H-How were you able to avoid that or for that matter, come out unscathed?"

Fate stood expressionless. "That doesn't matter," he said as he brought forth his hand forward, a large magic energy sphere appearing before it. "It's time for the dog to die." His hand then suddenly exploded as a powerful magic blast shot out of his grasp, aimed directly at Kotarou. However, Gohan appeared before the blast and brought his right hand about and slapped it away. With a yell, he sent a punch across Fate's face. His right fist connected right in between the white haired boy's eyes, sending him flying.

"Gohan-niisan…"

"What the hell are you doing Kotarou?" Gohan screamed, surprising the young hanyou. "If you have to time to attack someone, use that time to protect Negi! Setsuna-san and Asuna-san can't hold out much longer!"

"But Gohan-niisan…"

"NOW!" The young hanyou nodded as he rushed towards where Negi, Konoka, Setsuna and Asuna were at. Gohan let out a sigh as he turned his attention back to the fight. Putting his arms in the air for defense, Gohan felt his body strike down when the opponent had reappeared. It was General Rilldo! Gohan gritted his teeth as the two of them began to clash fists.

Meanwhile, Asuna and Setsuna were trying to ward off the mysterious swordsman but it was deeming a bit hard for them. The mysterious swordsman had definitely upgraded his skills. The swordsman was about to land a blow on Asuna but luckily, Kotarou came to the rescue as he knocked him away. "Kotarou-kun!" Asuna said.

"How is Negi?" Kotarou asked.

"Konoka has just started the healing spell!"

"How long will it take to complete?"

"I'm not sure. Why?"

"Cuz that swordsman is coming back for some more action!" And soon enough, the swordsman came crashing in as Kotarou blocked a slash that was aimed at Asuna's head. "Leave Nee-chan alone! Your fight is with me!" Kotarou yelled as he pushed back the swordsman. The mysterious swordsman couldn't agree more, a grin on his face.

He shot at Kotarou at top speed, pulling his sword back and preparing to strike. Kotarou was ready for him. Crouching into a defensive stance, he pulled back, avoiding the first strike. The mysterious swordsman came at him with swift, quick, and deadly slash attacks, his sword cutting through the air easily. It was as if he was punching out at the young hanyou. The swordsman honed in on his assault, throwing all sorts of strike techniques. Kotarou had to leap back after one particular strike.

With a burst of energy, Kotarou hurled himself at the mysterious swordsman in a charge, moving into attack. The swordsman floated up slightly, ready to meet his opponent's blunt assault. The young hanyou struck out with a left knee, with the swordsman meeting it with the blunt part of his sword.

Kotarou then threw a right straight punch after pulling his knee back, only for the swordsman to spin around and crack the side of his left fist against it, stopping Kotarou's attacks. The mysterious swordsman's parrying was swift and brief, and when he blocked that last attack, he then sent a powerful slash across the young hanyou's chest. Kotarou was sent soaring across the ground, with the mysterious swordsman in hot pursuit.

The mysterious swordsman then appeared above Kotarou as he flew on. Reacting quickly, he threw a left punch straight for the swordsman, only for him to phase out and reappear behind the young hanyou, directly in his path. Pulling his sword back, far the mysterious swordsman sent it up into Kotarou, knocking him skywards. The young hanyou let out a yell of pain as he spun and twirled, stopping a few stories above the earth.

Turning around, Kotarou prepared for another attack. The mysterious swordsman was quickly upon him, appearing out of thin air in front of Kotarou and sending a straight punch into his stomach. Kotarou was struck full on by the blow and sent upwards a bit. He put his hands over the new wound, only to receive a quick, strike kick in the face. He flew up higher, with the mysterious swordsman still following as the two clashed against one another again.

Konoka, in the middle of all of this, began her healing spell. "IBUKIDONO OHARAHE TAKAMAGAHARA NI KAMUZUMARIMASU KAMURO KI KAMURO MINOMIKOTOWOMOCHITE SHUMEGAMITACHINO MAENI MAUSAKU KURUSHIMIUEFU WAGATOMOYO MAMORIMEGUMAHI SAKIWAETAMAHETO FUJIHARANOASOMI KONOE KONOKANO IKUMUSUBIWO UZUNOMITEGURANI SONAHETATEMATSURUKOTO WO MOROMORKIKOSHIMESE!" Suddenly, an apparition of Konoka appeared and hugged the injured boy teacher. Negi cried out in massive pain but he was calmed once he heard Konoka's soothing voice. "You'll be okay." Within moments, the wound on Negi's shoulder was completely healed!

Gohan smiled at the success as he heard Konoka cheer on the boy teacher being okay. "Shouldn't you be worried about yourself instead of the others?" Gohan furrowed his eyebrows as he turned his attention at the Machine Mutant, General Rilldo.

"Sorry, I was just checking up on my good friend," Gohan said. "Now that he is okay, you guys don't stand a chance."

General Rilldo started to burst out laughing. "HAHAHAHAHA! Stand a chance? Us? It should be you that don't stand a chance against us! You are easily outmatched boy!"

"I wouldn't be too sure of that!" Gohan said as he started to collect ki in his body. This is bad, Gohan said to himself. I had wished that guy had called my bluff. This guy is very strong! Stronger than Tullece even! I had hoped not to use the Kaio-ken beyond quadruple strength but I have no choice. This guy won't let me through! It is time to use the Kaio-ken times five!

"May my body withstand this! KAIO-KEN… TIMES… FIVE!" A dark crimson aura surrounded the demi-saiyan as he dashed forward towards General Rilldo. Tackling the Machine Mutant with his shoulder, Gohan then followed up with a left upper cut, then a right knee, a left roundhouse kick, a right hook, then a right body shot, ending it with a left elbow. The blows were deadly and precise, forcing General Rilldo back.

Bruised and battered, the Machine Mutant glared at Gohan for a moment and after a quick recovery, he shot at Gohan, fists raised and ready to strike. The demi-saiyan warrior charged as well, the two fighters' striking out at the same time and colliding with their elbows. A shockwave sounded and echoed, rattling the skies with the force used. Suddenly, the two fighters then disappeared, zapping into super speed and carrying their battle to a new dimension. Seconds after they had vanished, sonic explosions began ripping through the skies, both warriors breaking barriers and attacking each other without mercy.

Suddenly, the demi-saiyan reappeared with more bruises than you can count for. Dropping back for a moment, Gohan took to super speed. Just then, General Rilldo appeared where Gohan once floated, kicking out at thin air. He growled when he missed and began wheeling about, looking for his opponent.

Then, when it appeared he had lost all sight of him, his eyes widened and he glanced up, only to receive a downward elbow from the demi-saiyan warrior. The strike knocked him senseless, sending him down to earth in splendid tumbling fashion. Seconds after the strike had been made, Tullece landed on all fours, having slowed his fall and taken control.

Glaring up into the skies and getting to his feet, General Rilldo, now bruised and bleeding from the mouth, let out a low growl and began searching for his target. When he sensed that Gohan was using super speed to evade him, the Machine Mutant fisted his hands and powered up, a blazing aura bursting around him. With a yell of anger, he disappeared, ki trailing upwards before dissipating, indicating he was chasing after his opponent.

Then, the trail of explosions moved up, with both fighters suddenly appearing. Gohan and General Rilldo were locked in a battle of colossal proportions, flurries of punches and kicks being thrown at each other. They spun round and round, shifting through the skies and breaking away every few seconds, but jumping back at their opponent to carry on with the fight. They were only visible for a minute or so, before they kicked off each other and disappeared into super speed.

There was for some time a hell of a lot of maneuvering and flying made by both opponents as a cat and mouse chase was initiated. The pursuing by one fighter changed between the two constantly, with both of them sometimes chasing each other at the same time. This soon ended after it grew tiring for them and they wanted to get into beating each other up again as the two suddenly appeared with General Rilldo being sent down to the ground. Powering up, the demi-saiyan warrior hooked around, his crimson aura flaring.

General Rilldo had managed to pull himself out of his predicament and, when he saw Gohan coming at him, he threw his left hand forward and fired off his arm. The attack collided with its target head on, but wasn't strong enough to do any damage.

Gohan emerged from the cloud of smoke, yelling at the top of his lungs. Before he was in reach of his opponent, he zapped into super speed, making General Rilldo back off in shock. Just then, the demi-saiyan warrior appeared behind him and flipped backwards, sending a kick at the Machine Mutant's back. The blow was tremendous, sending Rilldo flying!

When it seemed that the Machine Mutant would crash into the wall, he suddenly flipped, curling up into a ball and spinning towards the ground at a controlled rate. In a second, he landed right next to coincidentally Fate and the others, standing up straight and glaring ahead of him. Just then, Gohan landed at least 15 meters away, right next to the healed Negi Springfield. Gohan had fists at his sides and bleeding spots donned on his left cheek and forehead with many bruises on his body.

From there positions, the two groups stared at each other, all senses on full focus. After a few moments of waiting and watching, the silence was broken up when Fate began to speak. "Not bad, I see," Fate said. "I'll take back what I said about your friends being worthless." The swordsman then appeared next to the white haired boy, his clothes tattered due to his fight against Kotarou.

Reaching his right hand up, General Rilldo dusted down his front, feeling a slight sting from a bruise on his upper peg. "Impressive," General Rilldo said. "I must say, your punches have left some pain on my body. The only other person could hurt me like that is Kureeza-sama." Gohan's eyes widened a bit upon hearing that name, especially when it sounded somewhat familiar to him. "Hey boy, what's your name? And where are you from?"

"Son Gohan. I'm from Earth."

General Rilldo chuckled. "Yeah and I'm from Pluto. You are definitely not from Earth that's for sure. Your strength tells me that you are not from that pathetic planet. So what are you really?"

Gohan furrowed his eyebrows. "I'm a Saiyan."

Fate's and General Rilldo's eyes widened a bit when they heard that statement. "A Saiyan you say?" General Rilldo said. "Fate, allow me to finish off this pest. It would go well with Kureeza-sama."

"Do what you want General Rilldo-san," Fate said. "Our time here is finished anyways."

"Wait!" Negi called out. "Who the hell are you! What are you doing?"

"Sorry, time's up," Fate said. "We must part for today."

"I said wait! I don't know what you're up to, but I'll stop you!" Suddenly, Negi received a punch not from the white haired boy but from the Machine Mutant, General Rilldo! Gohan was caught completely by surprise at the sudden burst in speed from Rilldo. What the hell just happened?

General Rilldo grinned. "How do you plan to accomplish that?" he asked. "You may have benefited from a comprehensive healing spell, but you shouldn't overexert yourself." Kotarou and the others were about to join the fray in trying to protect the boy teacher, but in their way stood Son Gohan.

"Guys, stay out of this," Gohan said sternly. "You are no match for him."

The Machine Mutant chuckled. "Well, shall we get round 2 started?"

With a loud roar, Rilldo launched himself at Gohan. Dust exploded behind him as his flight technique kicked into action, sending him hurling at Gohan at an incredible rate. The Machine Mutant reached Gohan and struck out before the demi-saiyan warrior could even react.

General Rilldo drove his right fist straight into Gohan's stomach in an uppercut like fashion, before flying on, dragging the demi-saiyan warrior with him. The Machine Mutant's flight path was marked by the ground collapsing in the areas where he had flown over. A massive, crevice like trench was punched into the road as General Rilldo flew across it, his fist still impaling Gohan's torso.

Debris and dust flew as General Rilldo pushed Gohan all the way. Gohan went in back first, with his opponent forcing him on with his fist still buried into his gut. Already he was feeling intense waves of pain flooding into him. Seconds later, General Rilldo slowed himself down a bit, watching Gohan fly next to him out of control, and looking pretty beat up now.

Then, while still in flight, General Rilldo cranked the same arm back he used to hit Gohan, before sending it forward in the form of a punishing power punch. He sent Gohan flying on with more damage added to him. The demi-saiyan warrior flew straight into the wall, the stone structure collapsing into a pile of rubble. General Rilldo hooked to the right, watching for a second as the wall collapsed before chasing after him. The two of them disappeared into the cloud of dust and debris.

As the stone complex continued to fall and crumble, the dust cloud at the very top parted as Gohan flew up and out, aura flaring. "KAIO-KEN… TIMES EIGHT!" cried out Gohan as a crimson aura surrounded the demi-saiyan warrior. Then, glaring down, the demi-saiyan attempted to track his opponent; unfortunately, he wasn't fast enough when suddenly, General Rilldo appeared above him at speeds far greater than his own. Gohan looked up, still flying, just in time to see the Machine Mutant pull back his left leg and send it at him in the form of a roundhouse kick. Gohan was hit straight in the ribs, the blow tremendous and causing a sonic explosion to occur. He felt his organs were ruptured as he was sent flying again. When he was sent away with that blow, General Rilldo followed on, catching up with Gohan easily.

Coming up above him, he pulled both his fists up, lacing his fingers before sending it straight down in a powerful hammer strike. He struck Gohan, hard, sending him plummeting into the platform. The demi-saiyan warrior disappeared in a shower of dust and debris, as if a land mine had just gone off. "Gohan/-kun/-sensei!" General Rilldo returned to a regular standing position, floating high above the ground and watching the dust settle below. He chuckled evilly, amused at the sight.

As soon as the dust settled, revealing a huge crater amassed with upturned rubble and dirt, the ground began to tremble. Suddenly, another small explosion occurred, this time many meters away from the newly made landmark. A white, glowing figure emerged from the shower of dirt, shooting skywards and stopping to level at General Rilldo's altitude. It was Son Gohan but he had been badly hurt! However, he wasn't going to be stopped. He stopped right after he reached that height. With a yell, he charged at full speed, intent on putting damage on the Machine Mutant.

As soon as he reached the Machine Mutant, Gohan lashed out at him with an up-sideward strike, forcing General Rilldo to side step it. He then struck out sideways, with the Machine Mutant ducking that and moving to the demi-saiyan warrior's left. Picking up the pace, Gohan continued lashing out at the Machine Mutant, only missing as he slowly backed away. Then, with a final stab move, Gohan sent the Machine Mutant leaping back.

General Rilldo took his usual standing stance, watching his opponent catch his breath. After which, he powered up some more, raising his ki and charging. Gohan sent a straight, left jab at General Rilldo, followed by a right body shot, a left hook, a right punch, a left punch and then a right hook. The Machine Mutant dodged them all, moving from left to right while backing away. Gohan continued on with his assault, sending a left roundhouse kick aimed for the Machine Mutant's head. General Rilldo ducked, and straightened, watching as Gohan came back with a right, follow up roundhouse kick. He parried that one before moving in and sending a straight punch of his own. The demi-saiyan warrior yelled and leapt away, a crimson aura still flaring. He avoided the attack barely. When he did and saw the Machine Mutant pull back into a stance, the demi-saiyan warrior attacked, charging at full speed.

Knowing that he would strike his opponent at the rate he was pulling back into a stance, Gohan prepared to send his punch in. Just then faster than he could even see, Gohan received a powerful upper cut into his stomach, this one making him reel over and stop his attack instantaneously. His aura dissipated at this, with General Rilldo grabbing the demi-saiyan warrior's hair and lifting him up. Pulling back his free, right fist, he began sending punches into the demi-saiyan warrior, one after another across the face and in the stomach.

Gohan was ruthlessly pounded, blood flying from his mouth whenever he was struck with a really punishing blow. After about 30 torture blows, General Rilldo released Gohan, having tossed him in the air a bit and watched him fall. Then, pulling back his right fist, he sent a hook, turning into a punch, straight into the demi-saiyan warrior's stomach. It was like setting up a baseball swing. The blow was tremendous, sending Gohan flying into the distance.

The Machine Mutant followed, shooting through the air and reaching his target within seconds. When he reached Gohan, he forward flipped, sending his right heel into Gohan's back in a spin kick. The blow struck the demi-saiyan warrior in the stomach, sending him plummeting again. When the spiky haired boy hit the ground, the impact wasn't as great. He just formed a small crater that shook the ground and sent dust hurling into the air. Landing top part first, he engraved a slight outline of his body, cracks extending out from it. As soon as the dust settled it appeared he was unconscious. But the slight tremor in his limbs indicated he was still in this game.

General Rilldo landed next to Fate, back turned to where the demi-saiyan had landed. He glared ahead of him, chuckling at how easy this fight was turning out. "Heh, finished," General Rilldo said with an evil grin on his face.

Asuna, Setsuna and Kotarou clenched their fists angrily. "Why you!" They said as they charged in, ready to take on the Machine Mutant in Gohan's place.

"Wait!" shouted a voice that everyone had recognized. They all looked at crater to see if it was true; that the voice was coming from the demi-saiyan warrior. Just then, Gohan began pushing himself onto his knees. Holding his position there, he chocked and coughed, throwing up blood before eventually staggering to his feet. He felt like he was hit by a train, his vision slightly blurred but recovering when his strength returned. Shaking his head and wobbling a bit, he took a stance. Gritting his teeth, he glared at General Rilldo's back, seeing him turn a bit and glance behind him. His eyes furrowed. "I'll take him on."

"But Gohan, you're…"

"I said I'll take him on!" Gohan yelled, surprising everyone by his tone of voice. Gohan trembled on the spot, as he started to realize that was incapable of taking on the Machine Mutant. I am no match for him, Gohan said to himself. There is no possible way I can win this. I'm losing ki due to the excessive power of the Kaio-ken times eight. The only way that they are going to survive is if I take the fall. I can't have them fight against him. They'll be slaughtered. I need take this fight outside!

After a moment of standing there, he took a step forward, only to see General Rilldo turn side on to him and raise his right arm up towards him. His index finger extended and then, there was a purple glow. "It's already too late Gohan-kun," Fate said as he stood next to the Machine Mutant. "There won't be any survivors this time."

Gohan gritted his teeth angrily. "Bastard!" Then Gohan felt it; a sharp pain shooting straight into his body. He looked up to see that General Rilldo had launched his attack. Like bullets being fired from a pistol, purple, small ki balls began shooting straight at Gohan from General Rilldo's finger. They shot out faster than machine gun rounds, catching Gohan's attention.

The demi-saiyan warrior leapt into the air, avoiding the first barrage that struck the ground beneath him and past the empty air space he once was. The crater beneath him lit up with a series of small explosions, before erupting upwards. Gohan was already sky high by that time but he got the biggest shock of his life when General Rilldo suddenly burst out from the fire, charging straight at Gohan. With a loud yell he hooked at the demi-saiyan warrior with his left, clothes lining him.

Gohan was knocked back by the blow, for which General Rilldo continued by dropping behind him and sending a right roundhouse kick at his side. This blow hurled Gohan across the Gateport with new bruises. More waves of pain shot through him like cold water over a rock, but not enough to cripple him. The demi-saiyan warrior eventually stopped on his own using his energy to halt his flight. Upon recovery, Gohan took a stance and looked up to where General Rilldo had attacked him, only to see him charging at him again.

In a split second, the Machine Mutant was upon him, and Gohan was struck in the gut when General Rilldo thrust his right knee into him. This was followed up by a left elbow to the back that sent Gohan downwards. When he landed, he crashed spray legged in a newly formed crater. He was in shock, and was especially winded. Upon seeing his opponent's impact with the ground, General Rilldo followed through by falling through the air, foot first and landing directly on Gohan's stomach, ramming him deeper into the earth. The blow shook the ground and ruptured Gohan's internal system. The demi-saiyan warrior coughed up blood before letting out a cry of agony.

Reaching down with his left hand, General Rilldo picked the demi-saiyan warrior up by the collar and held him in at chest height. From here he stared at the limp body, taking in all the damage his opponent had suffered. After a brief moment, the Machine Mutant held up his right hand and, charged up an attack. A purple ball of energy emerged, hovering above his palm and crackling dangerously. Pink electricity shot around it, with the light from the attack illuminating the entire area. General Rilldo grinned, holding the demi-saiyan warrior up higher just so everyone could see. "Say goodbye Saiyan!"

He brought his charged arm up to Gohan's abdomen and unleashed the crushing attack. Gohan burst out blood as the attack impaled him right through his entire body. The blast was enormous as it had gotten bigger and more destructive once it left from Gohan's body. Within moments, the attack and the Machine Mutant tossed Gohan to side like a rag doll. Everyone was in shock as they saw Gohan cough out more blood. Tears began to pour down from everyone's faces, especially on Asuna's and Yuna's as they watched in horror at the demi-saiyan in pain.

"GOHAN!"



* * *



Author's note: Hey everybody! Hope you all enjoyed the chapter, especially the little cliffhanger that I left! I won't leave much of a note here this time around. The last sentence of the chapter... enough said.

READ AND REVIEW! See ya around! Peace!





*Chapter 54*: Survival in the Magical Wilderness!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. See chapter 1 for details.

Author's note: Hey everyone! How you all doing? Hope you had a good week. Mine was really good. This past week, my nephew came into the world! Woohoo! I am so happy! He is so freakin cute, I don't know where to begin! I know I'm a guy but he looks so adorable! Can't wait to see him!

Anyways, there is something that I have noticed in the last chapter's reviews. Everyone noticed the appearance of General Rilldo and said that he is from GT. So? Just because this story is in the Dragon Ball Z section, doesn't mean that I can't include characters from GT. Besides, in my disclaimer, I clearly mention Dragon Ball which of course encompasses Dragon Ball, Dragon Ball Z and Dragon Ball GT as well as other Toriyama works. But enough of my ranting.

I want to thank Gokai Entertainment for being my beta. He has been great! So now, let me present to everyone Chapter 54 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 54: Survival in the Magical Wilderness! The Moonlight Awakens Gohan!

"GOHAN!"

"GAAAAHHHH!" screamed the demi-saiyan warrior. He immediately went to touch his abdomen, the place where he last felt a devastating blow. Was that a dream? Panting heavily, Gohan looked glanced around to see if General Rilldo or if anyone was there. However, he noticed that he was in a strange place. No longer was he at the Gateport but rather in the wilderness.

"Where am I?" he questioned out loud. Gohan noticed that he was breathing quite heavily; his face covered in sweat. He also noticed that there was a towel draped over his head. A towel? Gohan thought to himself. What happened? Where is everyone? Gohan proceeded to take a look around. He tried to get up but was having a hard time doing so. Gohan pondered on why this was happening to him.

Suddenly, he heard some voices within the forest. "Chachamaru-san! Please put on some clothes!" Gohan immediately recognized that voice. It was Negi's! Pushing himself up from the ground, Gohan rushed towards where the voice was coming from. When he got there, he was quite shocked at the scene. Negi and Chachamaru were present except that the robot girl was completely naked!

"Negi-sensei, you still have a fever," Chachamaru stated as she touched her forehead with Negi's. "You should rest up."

"Chachamaru-san, thank you for your concern but first you need to put some clothes on!" Negi exclaimed.

"Why?" The female gynoid asked.

"Well because…"

"You have to show some decency in front of another person Chachamaru-san," spoke up the demi-saiyan. Negi and Chachamaru turned around and their faces shone brightly, well mostly coming from Negi as he was very happy to see Gohan at the moment.

"Gohan!"

"Gohan-sensei!"

Gohan waved weakly before falling to his knees and panting heavily. "Gohan!" Negi shouted as he quickly went to the demi-saiyan's side. "Are you okay?"

Gohan nodded. "I'm fine Negi-san. I just need to get my bearings right." Within that moment, Gohan was about to fall to the side. Luckily, Chachamaru was there to catch him. "Ch-Chachamaru-san…" Gohan said weakly.

"You shouldn't be moving around too much Gohan-sensei," stated the robot girl. "After all, you were struck by a devastating ki blast to the stomach."

Gohan flung his eyes wide open in surprise when he heard that. "Wh-What?"

"It's true Gohan," Negi continued. "You should get some rest. The healing spell isn't complete."

"H-Healing spell?" Gohan repeated. The demi-saiyan tried with all his might to remember on what happened at the Gateport, but nothing was coming up. Looking at the boy teacher and gynoid, Gohan asked, "Tell me, what happened?" Negi and Chachamaru looked at each other before they decided to explain to Gohan what happened.



* * *



Flashback

At the Gateport…

Gohan hit the ground with a thud as he coughed up a lot of blood. Standing before him was the Machine Mutant, General Rilldo, grinning after landing such a devastating attack on the demi-saiyan. The Negima group was shell-shocked at the sight. One second Gohan was fighting against the Machine Mutant the next he was on the floor with a big hole in his stomach.

Tears began to flow out of everyone's eyes. "GOHAN!" Asuna screamed out loud. Konoka and the others were silent as they watched their assistant teacher, now with a big hole in his stomach. Setsuna, completely ignoring her opponent, rushed to the demi-saiyan's side.

"GOHAN-SENSEI!" she cried. She tried to move the demi-saiyan around and help him up but it was no use. His life began to wane as his skin color began to fade away as so did the sparkle in his eye. Setsuna gritted her teeth. Gohan was going to die and quickly if they didn't do something. Setsuna knew that the only way was to give him a Senzu bean. She began to search around Gohan's body but couldn't find it! Curse their luck!

As soon as she noticed that Gohan was about to completely fade away, Setsuna grabbed hold of his shoulders. "You can't die, Gohan-kun!" she cried, tears flowing out of her eyes. "You just can't die! Not yet!"

"Ha ha ha ha!" laughed a voice behind the swordswoman. Setsuna gripped her sword as she turned to face against General Rilldo. "It's too late to do anything! You can't save him!"

Setsuna glared at the Machine Mutant. "Oh yeah, watch me!" Drawing her sword forward and grabbing hold of her pactio, Setsuna prepared herself in a fighting stance. "I am going to crush you for what you did!"

"D-Don't… Setsuna-san…"

Everyone's eyes widened when they heard that voice. Setsuna turned around to see Gohan breathing but struggling like crazy to stay alive. "Gohan-kun…"

"R-Run… away…"

"Heh heh heh," the Machine Mutant chuckled. "It seems that you are still alive, Saiyan. Perhaps I should crush your head to see if you can still live." Setsuna rushed forward in attack upon hearing General Rilldo's statement. She began to incant one of her most powerful Shinmei-ryuu moves but stopped mid-way through when she received a blow to the gut. "You can't beat me, child," the General stated with an evil grin.

Setsuna fell to her knees, gasping for air while the Machine Mutant walked passed her. Setsuna tried to get up but the blow that she was received was too great. It was shock to her entire system. She couldn't move! Curse him!

General Rilldo stood before the downed demi-saiyan. Pulling his right arm back, he opened his hand to conjure up a ki ball. The Machine Mutant grinned. "This is the end for you, Saiyan!" Suddenly, out of nowhere, the General received a knee right to the face, sending him flying a few meters in the air upon until he crashed against some debris. As soon as he looked up, he saw Asuna standing in front of the injured Gohan, holding her sword in front of her.

"I won't let you touch him!" Asuna shouted angrily as she got into a defensive position.

General Rilldo quickly got up, dusting off the dirt and debris that was on his body. He then glared at the orange haired girl. "That wasn't very nice, little girl. You should have stayed where you belonged."

Gripping her sword, Asuna angrily glared back at the Machine Mutant. "I… I… I will protect Gohan with all my might!" With a warrior's cry, she launched forward. As soon as she reached General Rilldo, Asuna lashed out at him with an up-sideward strike, forcing Rilldo to side step it. He then struck out sideways, with the Machine Mutant ducking that and moving to the orange-haired girl's left.

Picking up the pace, Asuna continued lashing out at the Machine Mutant, missing as he slowly backed away. Then, with a final stab move, Asuna sent General Rilldo leaping back. General Rilldo took his usual standing stance, watching his opponent catch her breath. Asuna gritted her teeth. "D-Damn you!" she shouted as she went on the attack again.

Setsuna pushed off the ground, ready to help Asuna in crushing the Machine Mutant for hurting the demi-saiyan like that. Suddenly, at the corner of her eye, she saw Konoka rushing towards Gohan's body. "Ojou-sama…" Setsuna muttered as she too went towards Gohan's body.

Rushing to his side, Konoka cried, "Gohan-kun!" A massive amount of tears began to pour out of the girl's eyes. "Please don't die!" She then brought forth her pactio, ready to use it again once more. However, before she could do anything, someone grabbed her wrist. Konoka immediately looked up to see that it was Setsuna who had grabbed her. "Se-chan?"

"Ojou-sama, I know what you are planning but you can't!"

"Why not? Gohan-kun is going to die if I don't heal him!" Konoka cried.

"I know but you can't use your pactio twice in one day!" Setsuna stated, widening the poor healer's eyes. "I know about your pactio, Ojou-sama, and while you can heal any major injury that happened within three minutes, you can't use that power twice in one day. The second time could kill you!"

"B-But… Se-chan… I have to try…"

"Ojou-sama, please be reasonable," Setsuna said as she gently grabbed Konoka's shoulders. "You don't know if it will work the second time. Plus, it might kill you! What will happen then? Gohan-sensei's sacrifice will have been in vain if you died!"

"I don't care!" Setsuna gaped in shock at Konoka's declaration. "I don't care if I die. If it means in saving Gohan-kun, I will gladly put my life on the line."

"Ojou-sama…"

"Se-chan… I know you would do the same thing if you had my powers," Konoka commented as she quickly to the demi-saiyan, who at the moment, was in between here and the afterlife. "I know you care for him as much as I do. And even if I die by saving Gohan-kun, I will have no regrets." With that, Konoka began to the incantation of her healing spell.

Setsuna couldn't believe what was happening. How in the world could this have happened? First Negi gets injured from an attack by Fate, then Gohan gets impaled by General Rilldo's attack. This was too much for her to bear. Gohan and Konoka were both precious to her. She couldn't lose them! Not here! Not now! "Ojou-sama!" Setsuna was about to rush in and stop the incantation when suddenly, she felt a pat on her shoulder. She looked up to see the wolf boy, Kotarou! "Kotarou-kun…"

"Have faith in her, Nee-chan," Kotarou stated. "If she believes that she can save Gohan-niisan, then believe in her."

"But I can't lose her! I can't lose either of them! I have to stop her!"

"You can't," Kotarou stated sternly, catching the swordswoman by surprise. "This was a decision that she made for herself. If she is willing to die for it, then so be it. If you stop her, she will hate you for the rest of her life."

"Kotarou-kun…"

"Believe, Setsuna-neechan. We have to believe in her."

Konoka then began her healing spell incantation:

"IBUKIDONO OHARAHE TAKAMAGAHARA NI KAMUZUMARIMASU KAMURO KI KAMURO MINOMIKOTOWOMOCHITE SHUMEGAMITACHINO MAENI MAUSAKU KURUSHIMIUEFU WAGATOMOYO MAMORIMEGUMAHI SAKIWAETAMAHETO FUJIHARANOASOMI KONOE KONOKANO IKUMUSUBIWO UZUNOMITEGURANI SONAHETATEMATSURUKOTO WO MOROMORKIKOSHIMESE!"

Suddenly, an apparition of Konoka appeared and hugged the injured demi-saiyan. Gohan cried out in massive pain as the hole in his stomach began to fix itself due to Konoka's healing spell. However it wasn't enough. Konoka's apparition began to fade away and quickly too.

Konoka was in shock. She couldn't let Gohan die! Not yet! Not before she confessed her feelings for the demi-saiyan. No, she said to herself, I can't give up. Not yet. But no matter what she did or how hard she tried, she couldn't summon more magic for the healing spell. She let out too much when she was healing Negi and his injured shoulder.

There was only one option. She could use her life's energy to conjure up more magic for the spell. She knew it was risky but it was better than nothing. She couldn't allow Gohan to die. Not like this!

Gohan-kun, if you can hear me, please listen. Ever since you came to Mahora, my life has been changed completely. Not because of Negi-kun and his magic but because of who you are. You are the kindest, sweetest person I know who will do anything for his friends. I know that you went out of your way to rescue me when we were in Kyoto and I am very grateful. Now, it is my turn to return the favor by saving you. Grabbing hold of the demi-saiyan's head, she brought Gohan closer to her. She stared at Gohan's face with a smile on hers. I love you, Gohan-kun. So please… don't die…

Within moments, Konoka pulled the demi-saiyan's head closer to hers as she went for the kiss. She kissed Gohan's lips as deeply as she could. Suddenly, the area around of them began to shine brightly; a healing magic circle appearing beneath them as Konoka began to pour her life's energy into the spell.

For the moment, it seemed to be working. The injury that Gohan had sustained began to heal completely, making like it never happened. However, something unexpected happened as the healing magic began to heal other areas of his body; mostly an area in his lower spine that suddenly burst out, wagging itself in the air before it hid itself underneath Gohan's body from everyone's view.

Setsuna and Kotarou gaped at the sight as the intensity of the light was greater than anyone expected. Asuna and General Rilldo had stopped fighting for a while to see what was happening. Asuna was about to rush in to see what happened but suddenly she saw something that completely surprised. Gohan had been healed!

Kotarou grinned. "Yatta! She did it!"

"Ojou-sama…"

Konoka looked up and smiled weakly at the two of them before she fell to the ground on the side. Kotarou and Setsuna immediately rushed to the healer's side but stopped when Kaede appeared and was there to catch the falling princess before she hit the ground. Setsuna and Kotarou looked worried but Kaede was able to ease their worries when she said that Konoka was just resting. Setsuna burst out crying, thankful that none of them died.

Fate, in the meantime, was a bit disappointed. General Rilldo had failed to kill the Saiyan, the one race that their lord and master, Kureeza, hated the most. The Emperor was not going to like hearing this when they failed to kill a single measly Saiyan.

Meanwhile, Asuna came rushing in to attack General Rilldo only to have the Machine Mutant raise his arms and block her attacks. Suddenly, he phased out of sight making one of Asuna's slashes pass though only an after-image. General Rilldo took advantage of the orange haired girl being temporally off balance and appeared behind her planting his foot right in the back of Asuna's head sending the girl stumbling forward. General Rilldo appeared right in front of her and drove his knee up into her chin with incredible force sending her flying back into the wall of the Gateport.

Hitting the side of the cliff, Asuna bounced back, leaving her wide open for an attack. General Rilldo, taking advantage of that, appeared behind her and brought his foot around into the orange haired girl's face. He then drove his knee up into Asuna's stomach hard and then brought both fists down on her head. Asuna went flying into the ground hard. She got to her feet panting slightly.

Once she did however, she had to put her guard up when General Rilldo came from the side with a roundhouse kick. Asuna blocked it successfully using her sword and pushed off General Rilldo, ready to counterattack.

The Machine Mutant, however, was ready. Asuna then received a fist right in the face which sent her staggering backwards. The Machine Mutant quickly followed, throwing his fists and kicks at her. Asuna was unable to dodge the attacks as she took them at full force. "Say good-bye!" General Rilldo was about to give the finishing blow when he was stopped by a large ki beam that hit him on the side.

General Rilldo was able to move away at the last minute before he could take any more damage. General Rilldo gritted his teeth as he saw Negi floating before him at a far distance. "You filthy brat!" He decided to take action and charged full speed at Negi, the boy teacher getting himself in a stance.

"General Rilldo-san!" Fate screamed out, stopping the Machine Mutant in his tracks.

"What is it now, Fate?" General Rilldo asked angrily, pissed that he was stopped from crushing his opponent. "Can't you see I'm busy?"

"We have achieved our objective," Fate commented. "It is pointless to fight anymore. That is, unless you want me to tell Kureeza-sama about how you disobeyed my order."

General Rilldo flinched as a nervous sweat appeared on his face. Even though he was very strong, there was no way he could win against the almighty Emperor. That would be suicide! "As you wish, Fate-san," the General said as he began to drop altitude.

Everyone began to wonder who this 'Kureeza-sama' was and why the mere mention was making the Machine Mutant so nervous. More than that, what did Fate mean by 'they had achieved their objective'? What could they be planning?

Upon landing, General Rilldo joined Fate as the two of them began to walk away from the Negima crew. "Fate!" Negi creid out. The white haired boy stopped in his tracks. "I will stop you! And once Gohan gets better, we will stop whatever you are planning!"

"You are so naïve, Negi-kun," Fate said as he motioned for everyone to destroy the pillars of transportation. "You think that with your level of strength you can beat me?"

Negi nodded. "I don't think… I know!"

"Well then," Fate said as he began to conjure up some of his stone magic. "Allow me to demonstrate the gap between our powers." He floated up into the sky as he began his incantation. Within moments, the white haired boy summoned five giant stone pillars and sent them towards where Negi and the others were. And one of them was heading directly at Gohan!

The Negima crew went to work quickly. Negi was able to protect Makie, Yuna, Akira and Ako from the falling debris as well as one of the stone pillars. Negi gritted his teeth as he disabled the protect spell and quickly cupped his hands together to the side. "KAME… HAME…" A bright white orb began to form in Negi's cupped hands, getting curious looks from the girls that he was protecting. Upon reaching a certain level of power, Negi launched his arms forward, ready to destroy the approaching stone pillar. "HAAAAA!"

The large ki beam effectively destroyed the stone pillar. The girls were amazed at the skill that Negi was showing. "Negi-kun…" Makie muttered.

"I'm sorry I got you involved in this, Makie-san!" Negi said.

"Are you all right, Negi-kun?" Makie asked in a panic. "I'm completely lost! What happened to Gohan-sensei?"

"I'm fine and Gohan should be too," Negi replied. "First, we have to get everyone to safety."

"Negi-kun! Look!" shouted Yuna as she pointed to where Gohan and Konoka laid. All of them saw one of the giant stone pillars heading straight for them! Negi gritted as he tried to rush over there but couldn't. He was still too weak from the injury that he sustained. But then, he noticed a blur pass by him and heading towards where Gohan and Konoka were at.

It was Asuna! Pulling her sword back, Asuna let out a war cry. "HUAAH!" Slashing forward, the orange haired girl unleashed beam of some sorts straight into the stone pillar. Upon impact, the stone pillar quickly disappeared. This drew Fate's attention quickly. It couldn't be, he said to himself. Is she the…?

"Fate-sama, General Rilldo-sama," spoke up one of Fate's lackeys. "The wedge has been destroyed. An escape gate has been secured. We should go." The Machine Mutant and the white haired boy both nodded in agreement.

Turning his head toward another lackey, Fate said, "Prepare 'Forced Transportation' Gate for the others. Send them to different corners of the world."

Negi flinched when he heard Fate's statement. "Wait!" he yelled.

"Negi-kun, I think you've been too laid-back about this trip," Fate commented as everything around him began to crash down. "Let me present you with a dose of reality."

Within that moment, Fate, General Rilldo and the others disappeared, leaving behind the Negima crew. However, within seconds, a bunch of magic circles began to appear beneath their feet! Negi and the others were a bit confused on what was going on, but the white ermine knew what was going on. "Aniki, this is bad! It's the Forced Transportation Spell!"

Negi gritted his teeth. If that was true, then… "Gohan," he muttered as he quickly rushed towards where Gohan and Konoka were at. "Quickly, everyone gather here! Grab hold of someone!" However, before any of them could even congregate in the center, a white blinding light engulfed the crew as the Gate's keystone had been destroyed by Fate and the others. This was bad as everyone was sent flying, leaving no trance of them at the Gateport.

End of Flashback



* * *



Gohan bowed his head down slightly in anguish after hearing the story. "I see," he said with a hint of sadness in his voice. "How long has it been? Have you found anyone else?"

"It's been 9 hours and 57 minutes," Chachamaru stated as she finished dressing herself. "Fate Averruncus, General Rilldo and their four helpers escaped via Transportation magic. The Ala Alba or 'White Wing' members and everyone else in the area were scattered by a forced transportation spell. Their location is unknown."

Gohan gritted his teeth upon hearing that. "Damn," he muttered, clenching his fists in anger. "Where are the others? Have you found Asuna-san, Setsuna-san or even Yuna-san?"

The robot girl shook her head. "We didn't find anyone else. You were the first person we have found."

"Negi-san, can't you contact anyone through the pactios?"

The boy teacher shook his head. "I tried to, but…"

"The telepathic powers of the cards can be easily blocked," commented Chachamaru. "There are many stones in this area that naturally block magic. The telepathic range is 5-10 km, tops. It will only work within that range." Gohan clenched his fists even harder. Damn you Fate, he said to himself.

"Gohan, can't you sense their ki signatures?" Negi asked. Gohan stopped frowning and looked at the boy teacher with curiosity. "I know that you taught me how to sense ki signatures but mine is not well advanced as yours. Can you try?"

The demi-saiyan nodded as he closed his eyes and began to search out everyone's ki signatures. He knew what they felt like but something was wrong. Something was interfering with his search as he sensed many things around them. As a result he couldn't get an accurate reading. He began to search even harder, frowning his eyebrows but still nothing. The demi-saiyan let out a sigh. "I can't sense them. There is too much interference from the wildlife because their ki signatures overlap everyone's, especially Makie-san, Yuna-san and the others. I'm sorry."

Gohan opened his eyes to see Negi and Chachamaru gaping at him. Gohan blinked a few times in confusion. "What's wrong?" he asked. "Did you see someone?"

"Umm… Gohan… is that what I think it is?" Negi questioned.

"What thing? What are you talking about?" Both Negi and Chachamaru motioned for the demi-saiyan to look to the side. Gohan was definitely confused. What could have gotten into these two? The demi-saiyan turned his head to take a glance to find a special surprise waiting for him. It was a brown, furry tail that was wagging. Gohan immediately recognized it to be a Saiyan tail however that wasn't surprising thing as he realized that the tail was coming from him!

Gohan immediately shriek upon seeing it. "I… I… I… I-I don't believe this," he stuttered. "My tail… it grew back! But how?" All of them wondered on how his tail grew back. Gohan had told them that he hadn't seen his tail since he was a child. Why did it grow back now?

Then, suddenly, Gohan sensed something; something that he immediately recognized. Quickly getting up, Gohan rushed up to the tallest rocks with Negi and Chachamaru in pursuit. Within moments, they found themselves standing over a cliff, overlooking an entire jungle. "What's the matter, Gohan?" Negi asked.

"I thought I sensed someone," Gohan stated, panting a bit. His face was covered in sweat. Pointing his finger, the demi-saiyan indicated the direction on which he sensed that ki signature. "It's over there! We gotta hurry!" Negi nodded in agreement as the two were ready to dash towards that spot.

"Wait, Gohan-sensei, Negi-sensei!" Chachamaru shouted, stopping the two boys from getting any further. "The 'White Wing' Badge!"

"Chachamaru-san, we don't have time for that," Gohan stated. "Someone could be in danger!"

"Gohan-sensei, you said yourself earlier that the high amounts of magic might affect your senses," Chachamaru responded. "We need to make sure that someone is in that direction."

"How?" Negi asked.

"The 'White Wing' badge has several functions," the robot girl explained. "It fuses both magic and modern technology, so it may still work here." Pulling her own badge, Chachamaru began to run diagnostics on the badge in identifying potential nearby signals.

"I found them! Located two, Northwest. One at 100 km, the other at 120 km. Another one. Northeast, at 540 km. There's a few more with a 540 km radius, but I'm not locating all the badges. That means some are past the 1800 km range of this badge."

"Damn," Gohan muttered. He then glanced at Negi who seemed obviously pissed about something. Must be something that Fate said to him when they were at the Gateport. However, at the moment, none of that mattered. They need to find everyone and fast. "Chachamaru-san, can you place those signals you spotted on a map?"

The robot girl nodded. "Yes, Gohan-sensei. I will download a map. But you have to remember, the Magical World only has 1/3 of the surface area of Earth. However, that's still a lot of land to cover."

"Then we must scour this world in order to recover everyone and get them back to Mahora Academy, safe and sound," Gohan stated. Negi nodded in agreement as the three of them began to discuss their plans on what to do next.



* * *



Later that day…

After a few hours of planning, night fall came. Chachamaru had noticed that night had come. She also noticed that the moon was about to turn full. If her data about the Saiyans was correct, then Gohan would transform into a giant ape upon seeing the full moon. At the moment, they couldn't afford that; not with Negi in his current condition. They needed to get rest quickly and start moving in the morning.

"It's settled," Gohan spoke up, catching the robot girl by surprise. "After looking at this map, I say we go after the nearest signal right now."

"I agree Gohan," Negi said. "Let's begin the search right away!"

Chachamaru flinched a bit. She needed to stop them before something bad happened. "Gohan-sensei, Negi-sensei, you two haven't recovered yet. We should wait until morning at least."

"We are fine, Chachamaru-san," Gohan said with a Son grin on his face. "Besides, we need to ensure the safety of the others first! I can't let my friends be hurt!"

"I agree. We've already spent a few hours looking at the stars to confirm our location!"

"Yes, but it's dangerous to travel at night," Chachamaru said.

"That makes it all the more important we get moving!" Gohan shouted. However, within that moment, Gohan felt a jolt to his body as he fell to his knees. "Wha…?"

Negi and Chachamaru quickly went to tender the ailing demi-saiyan. "Gohan, are you okay?" Gohan tried to nod but immediately felt pain in his head. He felt a massive headache. This was not good. How could he be in this kind of condition at a time like this?

"Gohan-sensei, you're pushing yourself too hard," Chachamaru stated.

"Chachamaru-san, what's wrong with him?" Negi asked.

"I'm not sure, but I have a theory."

"A theory?" Both Negi and Gohan said in unison.

The robot girl nodded. "Yes," she replied. "Gohan-sensei, you mentioned that your tail hadn't grown since you were a child, correct?" The demi-saiyan nodded. "I believe that your body is still trying to adapt itself to the recovery of your tail, since to what I understand about Saiyan anatomy, the tail is the source of their power. Thus, I believe we must rest and wait until morning before moving again."

Gohan was about to protest, saying that he could walk through the pain but Negi stepped in front of the demi-saiyan. "Gohan, let's listen to Chachamaru-san and let's rest. We are going to need our strength tomorrow." Gohan nodded. There was no use in arguing here. He definitely needed to rest and let his body properly adapt to the growth of his tail. For tomorrow was a big day for them.



* * *



The next day…

Gohan, Negi and Chachamaru quickly got themselves ready to go on their journey in searching for their missing friends. Gohan suggested that they fly but Chachamaru quickly explained that there were many magical beasts in the air, which would result in them becoming easy prey. It would be easier if they walked. Gohan and Negi quickly agreed with the robot girl as they both noticed that they weren't in the best condition.

After a few hours of walking through the jungle, Negi, Gohan and Chachamaru found themselves in front of a beautiful lake that was sparkling. Far in the back of the lake there were some waterfalls. Gohan was in awe at the sigh before him. "Wow," he muttered. If we weren't in such a pickle, I would have come here to relax.

Negi thought the same thing as the two boys looked at the lake with awe. However, Chachamaru thought otherwise as she noticed that the condition on both Gohan and Negi was getting worse. "We should set up camp here and rest," she said to the boy teacher and demi-saiyan warrior. "You two don't seem well."

"No, we can't!" Negi exclaimed. "We have to find one person before the sun sets!"

"I understand, Negi-sensei, but if you or Gohan-sensei collapse, matters will get worse."

"Negi-san is right, Chachamaru-san," Gohan said. "We need to get moving. If this were flat land, we could have covered 50 km in 3, 4 hours…"

"I understand your frustration but this is a magical jungle filled with magical beasts," explained the robot girl.

"Even so…"

"Gohan, let's rest for 15 minutes and then take off again," Negi commented. The demi-saiyan warrior nodded in agreement. Chachamaru began to protest again, commentating that fifteen minutes wasn't going to be enough rest. They need to set up camp and hope that the moon wasn't full. Otherwise, their situation will get much worse.

However, it just did as suddenly a giant dragon appeared before them. It was a tiger dragon, a magical beast! Negi and Gohan immediately got into their fighting stances, ready to repel back the magical beast. "Negi-san, let's crush this guy so we can continue looking!"

The boy teacher nodded in agreement as their aura sprang up around, blazing like a candle fire. Negi went on the attack as he launched out his Magita Magica Sirius Lukis, seventeen arrows of magic. However, the attack was easily deflected by the tiger dragon's horns. Negi gaped in shock. "It deflected the charge! A magical barrier? But how?"

But before Negi could deduce how the beast was able to form it, the dragon appeared right in front of him, ready to eat him as his meal. Suddenly, the beast felt a kick to its' face, staggering a bit before leveling itself. It looked at the person who was guilty of such an attack, Son Gohan. Gohan glared at the magical beast. If Negi-san's magic won't work on him, then how about some ki? Within moments, Gohan began his transformation.

In a flash of blinding light, Gohan powered up. Balling his fists, Gohan let out a shrill cry of anger and pain as his golden aura exploded around him. In a whirling wind of ferocity and an outstanding display of flashes, Gohan transformed, his hair standing on end and flashing gold, at the same time his eyes turned jade green, hovering in his sockets. A galling wind went up before it subsided, leaving him standing in a pure, powered up state of a Super Saiyan.

The magical beast was unsure of what was going on but it didn't matter as it went for the attack. Placing his two hands above his head, palms outward and overlapping each other, the demi-saiyan warrior cried out, "MASENKO HAA!" A yellow ki beam shout out from his hands and hit the Tiger Dragon directly in the face. An explosion occurred, which led to Gohan to prematurely think that he had won.

The Tiger Dragon wasn't going to go down so easily as the attack had burnt half his face. The giant magical beast was pissed beyond belief. Gohan, meanwhile, couldn't believe it. He had sent a powered up Masenko and it didn't even faze the beast. Gohan was about to launch another Masenko before he felt a jolt of pain in his body. Then within moments, the demi-saiyan warrior felt the brunt force of the Tiger Dragon's tail swipe attack.

Gohan cried out in pain as he was sent flying. Hitting against the rocks hard, Gohan bounced off the sand a couple of times before stopping a few meters away from Negi, Chachamaru and the magical beast. Gohan then noticed that the Tiger Dragon was heading straight for Negi. The demi-saiyan warrior tried to move but was in too much pain to even try as he was reverted back to his normal state. He looked up to see that Negi, too, was in the same position. "Negi-san!"

Then, he saw that Chachamaru had stepped in between the Tiger Dragon and Negi Springfield. "Chachamaru-san…"

"Magical Beast," stated the robot girl as suddenly, her arms began to transform. Her right arm had transformed itself into a machine gun while her left arm transformed into a sword. "Excuse me. I cannot allow you to harm Negi-sensei!" Gohan's eyes widened a bit in surprise at Chachamaru's declaration. He let out a small smile, possibly thinking that the robot girl might like the boy teacher. However, he couldn't stay awake long enough to watch the fight between the magical beast and Chachamaru.

Few minutes later…

Gohan was soundly resting until he heard some shouting and some noises that seemed a little… erotic? Gohan opened his eyes to see something very strange and interesting. He saw Negi and Chachamaru together as they were doing something. Upon a closer look, Gohan noticed that Negi was using something to wind up Chachamaru. He could only guess by the look of it, but it seemed like Negi was recharging Chachamaru. But why was Chachamaru letting out such strange noises?

"Umm, I hope I'm not interrupting anything," Gohan spoke up, catching the attention of both the boy teacher and the robot girl.

"Gohan!" greeted the boy teacher happily, leaving Chachamaru fully charged and wondering if she was heading in the right direction with her feelings. "How are you feeling?"

"A little better," Gohan commented, upon which he winced a bit in pain. He glanced around, seeing if the magical beast was still around but it wasn't. Could Chachamaru have sent it flying?

"Thank you Gohan…"

"Huh?" Gohan sounded as he looked a bit confused at Negi's statement.

"If you and Chachamaru-san hadn't helped me, I would have been in dire straits," Negi said. "You two helped me out at the Gateport. I'm still a child. I can't do anything without help."

"Negi-san…"

"Negi-sensei…"

Tears began to drop from the boy teacher's eyes. "Everyone… I risked everyone's lives…" Suddenly, the boy teacher received a bonk on the head from the demi-saiyan warrior, surprising him. "Gohan, what was that for?"

"You idiot, everyone needs help from time to time," Gohan stated. "You can't always burden yourselves with so much responsibility. I know from experience. Besides, you have to believe in everyone and their strength. Even though they may be weaker than us, they are fully prepared. After all, that is why they formed the club." At the end of that sentence, Gohan smiled brightly which caused Negi to look in awe at the demi-saiyan.

"I'm sure they're fine, Negi-sensei," Chachamaru added.

Gohan nodded in agreement. "Don't worry. We'll rescue everyone. I promise."



* * *



At another location…

Far away from where Negi, Gohan and Chachamaru were, a lone girl wearing a hood coat with several sprites floating around her was walking through the same magical jungle. It was Chisame and she been stuck alone ever since Chachamaru failed to rescue her when they were all under the Transportation Spell. "I've been walking for 8 hours since this morning. I hope we've at least traveled 40 km," she said out loud.

"We've covered 16 km," responded one of the sprites.

"16?" Chisame exclaimed. "That can't be! We've been walking half the day!"

"We have to continuously check the direction we're heading so we don't get lost," responded one of her pactio's sprites. "We're avoiding dangerous areas and beasts. We have no other choice!"

"I was prepared for this, but how long will this take?" Chisame questioned. "I have no food. This is seriously bad."

"Cheer up! Fight, Chiu-sama!"

"Ha! I can't believe this kind of world actually exists," Chisame commented. "Dragons, slime, and magic… If this stuff existed in my reality, I'd have nothing but trouble. Either way, if I hadn't tagged along, I'd be lazily surfing the net in an air-conditioned room right now. I would have spent my summer vacation living it up. That's supposed to be my reality. Right?"

"Chiu-sama…" said of the one of the sprites weakly.

"What's up, Konnya? You look tired."

"We can't materialize for long without any electronics humming nearby. Your cell and/or laptop must be out of power?"

Chisame raised an eyebrow. "What?" Within that moment, she went ahead to check the battery life of her cellphone and true enough, her battery was dying! This was not good! "You guys are going to disappear?"

"Yes," replied one of the two remaining sprites. "I'm sorry we couldn't be more useful."

"I… I understand! Go hibernate, get rest!"

"Without us, you can't avoid dangerous spots."

"Or find the direction of the village," the last remaining sprite said weakly as it and its companion pulled out a sheet of paper to write directions. "We're about to go. With whatever strength we have left, we'll write out directions to the village…"

"Don't overexert yourself," Chisame said. Then the two sprites handed her the sheet of paper that listed an arrow and the words 'VILLAGE THIS WAY.' Chisame didn't respond for a few seconds. I can't use this! She exclaimed to herself. She was about to tell her sprites to give better directions but unfortunately, they vanished. Chisame was all by herself once again.

Soon, night came and Chisame still continued to walk forward only that she was now alone. The nearest village was 300 km. She was truly alone. She began to think back at the beginning of this trip and how Gohan promised that he would protect Chisame no matter what. "He said he'd protect me, that idiot," Chisame said. "Heh, I don't need your help! I'm not the type to be defeated so easily!" Pulling off her cloak, Chisame declared, "300 km will be a cinch! If this is the wall standing in my way, I'll break it down by myself without anyone's help! I'll return to the Academy on my own! That assistant teacher, he better not cower down! I'm gonna whoop his ass for breaking his promise!" As Chisame chuckled at her own declaration, she had failed to realize that a swamp beast was surfacing.

Upon hearing some slithering, Chisame turned her around to see a monster with slimy tentacles coming out of its mouth as well as having eight tentacles. It looked at the poor girl and immediately grabbed her as she had now become its meal. "Aargh!" screamed Chisame. "Wait a sec! What kind of fantasy B-movie crap is this!"

Chisame continued to struggle out of the monster's grasp but was unable to. The monster was just too strong. Not only that, the monster's tentacles were dripping with acid and were melting away her clothes! Chisame couldn't believe at what was happening to her. Her life was in danger but also… her clothes!

Then the monster began to lick Chisame's naked body. I have to get out of here, Chisame said to herself. In a fantasy world, you need fantastic powers. I'm going to be eaten by a B-movie monster? There's nobody around for 300 km. I'm stuck in a weird jungle in a weird world. I'm… I'm going to die… I'm all alone. This really, really sucks!

Then, out of desperation, Chisame began to call out the only person she could think of. "He… lp… HELP ME! GOHAN-SENSEI!"

Suddenly, out of nowhere, a ki blast hit directly at the monster's head. The monster growled in pain as it looked up to see who had dared interrupt his meal. However, it was completely caught by surprise as a figure landed a direct hit on its head. The monster growled in pain as it had bitten its own tongue and by accident, let Chisame go. Chisame screamed, worried that she was going to hit the water hard. But she didn't feel anything.

She opened her eyes and saw something amazing. Holding her in bridal style was none other than the demi-saiyan warrior, Son Gohan. Chisame blushed upon seeing the stern and cool look on Gohan's face. She could just spend days looking at him. It was quite mesmerizing and she wished it could last forever.

"Gohan!" shouted a voice, snapping Chisame back to reality. She glanced towards the voice's direction to see Negi and Chachamaru running towards them.

"It's all right, Negi-sensei," Chachamaru stated. "We've completed our first goal."

"So, the fantastic folks are finally here," Chisame muttered.

"Chisame-san," Gohan spoke up, surprising Chisame with a blush. "I'm so glad to find you alive." Chisame immediately began to tear up, getting a confused look from the demi-saiyan warrior. Pushing off Gohan, Chisame walked away a bit before angrily punching Gohan.

"Dummy! Dummy! Dummy! Dummy! Dummy! Dummy! Dummy! Dummy! Dummy! Dummy! Dummy! Dummy! Dummy! Dummy! Dummy! Dummy! Dummy! Dummy! Dummy! Dummy! Dummy! Dummy! Dummy! Dummy! Dummy! Dummy! Dummy! Dummy! Dummy! Dummy! Dummy! Dummy! Dummy! Dummy! Dummy! Dummy! Dummy! Dummy! Dummy! Dummy!" Chisame shouted as she punched the demi-saiyan. "You're late, damn you! Dumbass!"

"I'm so sorry!" Gohan bowed in apology.

"Chisame, Negi-sensei and Gohan-sensei have overextended themselves physically to find everyone as soon as possible," Chachamaru stated.

"Chachamaru, I have a bone to pick with you! You helped Negi before me!"

"That was because he was injured…"

"I don't care! I wish you'd all go away!"



* * *



The next day…

After getting Chisame to calm down, Gohan, Negi and Chachamaru explained the situation to her as they were now very far away from the capital city of Megalomesenbria. "10,000 km?" Chisame exclaimed as she looked at the map that Chachamaru had printed out. She had changed her damaged clothes to the ones that she wore at the underground Cosplay convention during MahoraFest.

"How far is that? This is one hell of a messed up search! This world may only be 1/3 the area of Earth, but it's filled with freaky monsters. So we're supposed to find 11 + 4(?) people in this environment! Sounds like some piece of crap video game!"

"I… understand your frustration Chisame-san," Gohan said, panting irregularly. "But… we can't deviate from this. We need to find everyone as quickly as possible."

"But at the rate we are going, I don't think we'll even make it back to the academy in 15 days," Chisame added. "I won't make it to my second semester! We don't know if the other students are safe! We don't even know if we can get back home! And does this child prodigy of a teacher plan on taking responsibility for this, huh? I was almost mauled by a land octopus! What if I'd died?"

"But you were always safe in that regard, Chisame-san," Chachamaru stated.

"Huh?"

"That sort of land octopus is known as the 'Cerberus Clothes Eater.' It's an unusual creature that only eats fabric," the robot girl explained. "Therefore, you were in no danger of dying, even if we hadn't appeared in time."

"What? Oh, really?"

"However, the creature is nevertheless feared. It tends to strip people naked, throw them in the jungle, and lick them all over."

"See, that would have sucked!" Chisame exclaimed. Looking angrily at the boy teacher, Chisame continued her rant, "It was deeply stressful, mentally and physically! I should report you for negligence!"

"Now… don't be… like that Chisame-san," Gohan panted as his face began to worsen by the minute. However, no one had noticed just yet.

"It's all right Gohan," Negi responded. "I am responsible for everything that's happened."

Chisame was a bit taken back by Negi's sudden gloominess. "Um… as long as you understand… everything is fine."

"No, it's not fine," Negi replied. "Someone else could be stuck in a situation like you right now. I'm really worried about Makie-san and the others. We don't know how to search for them. It's all my fault."

"Well, it's not all your fault," Chisame said. Negi was about to respond to Chisame's comment when everyone heard a thud. They all turned around to see Gohan had fallen, panting heavily and his face completely red. This was bad!

After taking Gohan under some shade, everyone began to wonder what was going on. Gohan was panting heavily and his tail wagging like crazy as if in pain. "H…Hey! Is he okay?" Chisame asked.

"I don't know," Negi said with a worried look on his face. Negi went ahead to touch Gohan's forehead but suddenly pulled back. "It's hot!"

"This isn't normal! This could be dangerous!" Chisame yelled. She then noticed Gohan's tail as it was wagging around. "Hey… um… is that normal?" Chisame asked, pointing at the tail. "What is that tail doing there?"

"Gohan had his tail regrown," Negi stated. "After all, he has Saiyan blood in his veins. It is not unlikely that he wouldn't have a tail."

"You mean… the same tail that Tullece dude had before?" Chisame questioned, her eyes widened. Negi nodded. "So what are we going to do? I mean, Gohan-sensei is a Saiyan! We don't know anything about their anatomy!"

"First we won't panic," Negi said sternly. "Chachamaru-san, what is his temperature?"

Chachamaru moved closer and touched her forehead with the demi-saiyan's, getting a surprised as well as a jealous look from Chisame. "40.6 degrees Celsius."

Chisame shook her head to get rid of her jealous look, allowing her to be brought back to the situation at hand. "That is bad, that's a high fever," Chisame commented.

Negi nodded. "I agree. We have to do something. Chisame-san, please go get some water. Chachamaru-san, prepare to dry his clothes," the boy teacher commanded.

"What are you going to do, Negi-sensei?" Chachamaru asked.

"I'll wipe down the sweat from his body," Negi said before he winced in pain, grabbing the attention of the two girls.

"Negi-sensei!"

"You shouldn't push yourself too much," Chachamaru said. "You are not fully healed."

"I don't care!" Chisame and Chachamaru stood a back, surprised by the tone of voice that Negi just used.

"Gohan needs my help and I am going to give it to him. He has always helped us and now, it's our turn to help him. So please, help me!" Chisame and Chachamaru were silent for a few seconds as they looked at each other. Then, they gave a nod to the boy teacher as they went to help him.

Negi took off Gohan's clothes to wipe down the sweat, while Chisame went to fetch the water. Chachamaru in the meantime, dried the demi-saiyan's clothes as much as she could. She even went ahead to stich up the rip that was on his upper dogi. They continued to work throughout the day and eventually, night came.

Chachamaru went ahead to get some more water while Chisame and Negi attended the demi-saiyan. Even after all their efforts, his fever hadn't changed. "His fever won't go down," Negi commented. "What do we do?"

"I'm sure he'll pull through. He's stubborn, you know that," Chisame said.

The air around was silent as they continued to look at the demi-saiyan, panting and his face completely red. Suddenly, Chisame noticed tears coming out of the boy teacher's eyes. "I'm so sorry Gohan, for getting you and everyone involved in this. It's all my fault."

"Don't say that Negi-sensei," Chisame responded. "It's not your fault at all. Don't blame yourself. We came along knowing that this could be dangerous. It was just an accident that we ran into this Fate dude. Not your fault."

"But still, I trained so hard to be able to handle any situation," Negi said, clenching his fists in anger. "And now, I let Gohan get hurt because of my weakness."

"What happened with Gohan-sensei and that giant robot guy wasn't your fault. He was just stronger."

"If it had been Master, my Dad or even Goku-san, they could've handled it. My Dad would not have been so pathetic. That white haired boy… I didn't feel the first attack coming at all. Same with when he hit me. I couldn't do a thing. I trained so hard under Gohan and Master. I've been training to win every battle. I've been training so hard. Gohan said he was proud of me and look what happened! He got himself hurt because of my weakness. I must become more powerful… more power… I need more strength! I will defeat him next time! I must become stronger!"

"So, you want to become stronger eh?" spoke up a voice. Negi turned his around to see who it was when suddenly he was hit by a fist in the face. "IDIOT!" Negi was sent flying, skidding across the ocean.

Negi looked up to see a figure that he didn't think he would see so soon. It was Kotarou! "Seriously. I lost respect for ya! Crying over spilled milk. You never learn! Do you enjoy freaking out, eh? People think you're a genius, but you're just an idiot!"

Negi panted a bit, surprised at Kotarou's sudden declaration. "Now I know. You want to be stronger? You can train all you want. You'll never catch up to your old man, the Thousand Master. Ditto for Fate. Not even Gohan-niisan or Goku-san. You don't know what you're lacking, do ya? No wonder Fate kicked your ass!"

Negi flinched in anger at Kotarou's sudden boast. "What?" Kotarou questioned. "Pissed off now, are ya? Whatcha gonna do about it? HUH, NEGI?"

"Kotarou, wait! You'll hurt Gohan-sensei!" Chisame screamed.

"Shut up! Just watch!" Kotarou responded to Chisame as he turned his attention to the boy teacher. Kotarou proceeded to a move set that was particularly interesting to everyone. Suddenly, a fierce black aura sprang around the young hanyou. "If you're frozen from anger, I'm gonna make the first move!"

Crouching, Kotarou began to call up some of his Geki. "INU INU DAN!" A large black wolf-dog, now more solid and robotic in appearance covered in a blaze of fiery black ki suddenly attack Negi. With its giant paws, it struck at Negi. However the boy teacher was able to dodge it at the last minute.

"Kotarou-kun." Negi glared at his opponent. Then, with a bellowing roar, Kotarou flew straight at Negi, aura flaring wildly. Faster than the boy teacher counted, he was slammed straight across the face by a powerful jab, making him reel back in shock and from the pain he felt of the blow. After which, Kotarou dropped low and rammed several uppercuts into his stomach before, bringing his right leg back and slamming a powerful blow under Negi's chin.

Negi was thrown skyward, hurling out of control. The young hanyou gave chase, powering up and shooting after him, leaving a crater and a dust cloud behind him. Managing to stop his flight several moments later Negi readied himself and brought his right hand forward. Three powerful, blue sparkling energy balls appeared, illuminating him and his opponent in his sights.

Kotarou continuing flying straight at him full speed. With a yell, Negi unleashed his attack. "MAGITA MAGICA FULGRARIS!" The energy balls shot straight for Kotarou. Kotarou was ready for it. Bringing his right hand up, he back slapped them out of the way, still flying forward. Then, with a clear sky to strike, he super speeded the rest of the way up to his opponent and appeared behind him.

"That was weak!" Kotarou shouted. Negi gasped in shock when he saw Kotarou suddenly appear behind him. Flipping backwards, Kotarou kicked Negi straight in the back, sending him plummeting towards the earth like a meteor. "C'mon, show me what you got!"

Negi dropped, and when he did, it was fast. Within seconds, he crashed, landing on his hands and knees and forming a crater beneath him. The entire water shook from the very force of impact, forming huge waves from its epicenter. When it finally stopped shaking, Negi was looking up with a bit of blood leaking from the corner of his mouth.

He was surprised that he was unable to keep up with Kotarou for right now. This didn't give him any time to think because Kotarou was coming down, right on top of him. Pushing off the ground he leapt and rolled to the side, just as Kotarou's foot came down into the crater, forming a larger one in its place and a cloud of dust rising from the strike. Negi rolled out of harm's way, stopping some distance away before turning round and flying at Kotarou, who was still submerged in the cloud of debris.

As it was settling, Kotarou spun to meet his opponent, seeing him flying at him. The hanyou's fist shot out, with Negi moving to the side a bit to avoid before his fist connected with Kotarou's face. The blow, strong and powerful it was, sent Kotarou flying back, but not as fast.

Back flipping into submission, Kotarou moved into a fast retreat, floating back at flight speed. He looked ahead of him, looking to see if his opponent was following him. Seconds later, Negi suddenly burst out behind the hanyou, leaping high and spinning about, sending a kick right into his opponent's back.

The blow caused a shock wave, sending Kotarou flying forward with a yell of pain. He skidded along the water, the momentum he had gained from the force of the blow creating a deep entrenchment. But after several yards, Kotarou stopped, managing to leap back to his feet and spin around to defend himself.

Negi spat out some blood from the parries he received. It's time to get serious, he said to himself. Summoning upon ki on his right hand and magic on his left, Negi combined the two elements to enable the ultimate skill. "KANKAHO!" A blazing aura surrounded the boy teacher as he prepared himself in a stance.

Kotarou grinned upon seeing Negi call forth the Kanka technique. This was going to get interesting. Suddenly, Negi was right in front of him, ready to attack. In response, Kotarou punched out, meeting Negi's elbow. Following up the connection that formed a shock wave, the two of them locked in a flurry of punches, kicks and defensive techniques. Parries blocked blows, but it was obvious the two of them had their fair share of connecting blows. The blows were heavy and hard, shock waves ringing with every assault.

Meanwhile, Chisame stood confused on why Kotarou was so insistent in fighting Negi now. He had a fever for Christ's sake! "Why are they hitting each other?" Chisame questioned. Chachamaru, however, understood exactly what Kotarou was trying as the two girls continued to watch the match between the boy teacher and the young hanyou.

The exchange of attacks went on for several moments before Negi back flipped out of the way as fast as he could, just as Kotarou over shot a hook. Landing 25 meters away, Negi brought his right hand back and threw it forward, unleashing a cluster blast. Blue, small energy balls shot at Kotarou, landing all around him. It appeared that the attack was effective, but just then, the young hanyou phased out, the series of small explosions suddenly erupting into a bellowing fire ball. The ground shook as a massive crater was punched into the lake.

After seeing his opponent disappear, Negi began looking for his opponent. Just then, Kotarou appeared behind him, with the boy teacher reacting to this instantaneously. Spinning around, he launched a punch at Kotarou, only for the hanyou to catch his fist and use his own strength against him. However, Negi was able to counter the attack as his palm struck across Kotarou's face, kneed him in the stomach, lifting him off the ground from the force and then roundhouse kicked him away.

At the end of the combo, and after he had sent his opponent flying, Negi pursued. Negi went on the attack as he sent out a high right kick to Kotarou's face, then an upwards left kick that launched him up in the sky. Negi quickly followed pursuit as he landed a punch on Kotarou's chest then an elbow strike to the face and then a roundhouse kick. And then another kick was given to Kotarou that sent the hanyou flying across the sky.

Negi disappeared and then reappeared quickly above Kotarou's position as he laid out a forearm attack on the hanyou. Kotarou was sent flying to the ground as he landed on all fours. He quickly stood up and looked around for the boy teacher. Suddenly, he felt a presence behind him. He turned around to see Negi with his knees bent and his hands in a cupped formation. "KAMEHAME-HAAA!" screamed Negi as he launched Son Goku's signature technique at the hanyou.

The ki blast was huge as it split the lake into two. The blast tore through the sky, like a meteor except going the other direction. But Negi knew better. Kotarou had survived that blast. Negi began to look frantically for the hanyou and then suddenly he felt a presence. The boy teacher turned around, ready for a defensive block, only he was too late as Kotarou came up in front of him and gave him an upper-cut which sent Negi up into the sky.

Negi quickly turned around in mid-air and got himself balanced. He glared at the hanyou while Kotarou simply grinned as the two warriors went into super speed. Shock wave after shock wave exploded into life, sending ripples of energy coursing through the sky as both fighters locked fists. The brawl continued on, shaking the skies, water and earth.



* * *



15 minutes later…

As fighting had finally subsided, someone was waking up from their slumber as he noticed that a fight had broken out. However, something in the sky caught his attention and began to focus on it deeply. Meanwhile, Negi and Kotarou took a break from their sparring match. The two of them began to banter to each other on who hit who and so on. "I got in 12 more hits than you did!"

"Dummy! None of them really hit hard, though!"

"You're exhausted!"

"You too!"

"You just don't wanna admit you lost!"

"That's my line!"

"I figured your fever would slow you down," Kotarou commented, grabbing Negi's attention in curiosity. "Feel better now? Check your fever."

"Wha?" Negi questioned before he went ahead to check his forehead. And sure enough, Kotarou was right, his fever was gone! "But how did you…?"

"It's simple," Kotarou responded. "Inside your body, there's a lot of magical power. Konoka-neechan's spell was too strong, and the excess magic was wreaking havoc inside your body. I've seen similar spells as a kid. It's so easy to cure. You just gotta work out that excess energy."

"Kotarou-kun…"

"I hear that Gohan-niisan is experiencing the same symptoms," Kotarou mentioned.

The boy teacher nodded. "Why did you go at me first and not Gohan?"

"Dummy, I am going to need your help. Gohan-niisan is very strong. It would take the both of us to work out that excess energy in his body."

"I see, so that means…" Negi trailed when he suddenly felt a shock to his senses. A huge ki signature was building up. His eyes grew wider by the second as this power began to grow and grow! Turning to his sparring partner, Negi said, "Kotarou-kun!"

"I know," the hanyou said sternly. "It's massive. Where is it coming from?"

Chachamaru and Chisame blinked a few times in confusion as they noticed the two boys had stopped walking towards them. "Negi-sensei, what's the matter?" the robot girl asked. Chachamaru began to worry even more upon seeing the face of shock on Negi and Kotarou when, suddenly her built-in scouter that Hakase had recently installed was going crazy. She turned around to the location of the increasing power. "Oh, no." Her worst fear had become a reality.

Chisame was now starting to panic a little when she noticed the looks on everyone's faces. "Wh-What is going on?" she asked. "Why are you all looking shocked? Is something wrong?"

"Chisame-san," the robot girl said, "we need to get out of here!"

"What?"

"Chachamaru-neechan, do you know what's going on? Why is his ki suddenly spiking like this?" asked the young hanyou.

"It's because… Son Gohan-sensei is transforming!"

"Transforming?" Chisame repeated. "What do you mean, like in as his Super Saiyan thing? There is nothing to be scared about. Look!" Chisame then turned towards the direction where Gohan was laying and got quite a shock. The demi-saiyan's chest began to expand as if something were trying to come out of it. She could even hear the heartbeats coming from Gohan himself. "What the…? What's going with Gohan-sensei?"

Chachamaru clenched her teeth. "He is transforming… into a Giant Ape!"

Kotarou's, Negi's, and Chisame's eyes widened. "What!"

"What do you mean Giant Ape?" Negi asked.

"Whenever a Saiyan with a tail looks at a full moon, they transform into Oozaru, a Giant Ape," Chachamaru explained. "Their powers increase ten-fold and become even more destructive. This is what I feared the most when Gohan-sensei's tail had been regrown."

"Wait you said full moon, right?" Chisame questioned. "There hasn't been a moon sighting in ages. Where could have Gohan-sensei gotten to see a moon?"

"On Earth, yes, there is no more moon, but we are in the magical world," Chachamaru responded.

"Then that means that…" Chisame trailed as she looked up into the night sky and noticed a round object with the right distance from the ground, shining brightly on the surface of the water. A full moon had appeared in the night sky!

"Big deal," Kotarou said. "Gohan-niisan can handle this. Even if he transforms, he won't fly into a rage. I mean, I heard that Tullece transformed into one and he still was sane."

"You don't understand, Kotarou-san. Gohan-sensei has never controlled his Giant Ape transformation! He never got the proper Saiyan training on how to handle it! If we let him continue his transformation, he will destroy everything around us!"

"Then what do we do, Chachamaru-san?" Negi asked.

"We have to cut off his tail," Chachamaru said. "It's the only way." All of them nodded in agreement, except for Chisame of course. She wasn't comfortable in cutting anything that was living. Maybe for food but for no other reason.

"Let's go Kotarou-kun!" Negi said.

"Right!" The two boys and the robot girl went ahead to try and cut off Gohan's tail but it was too late. The demi-saiyan had brought his upper body up as he was still sitting. However, his eyes were filled with red and fangs began to grow out of his teeth. The demi-saiyan continued to roar out as if he were an animal. As a result, the ground underneath began to crack under the pressure of his new increased power. A column of ki surrounded Gohan as it expanded forward, almost engulfing the entire beach that everyone stood on and blocking Negi, Kotarou and Chachamaru from reaching him.

Getting himself in standing position, Gohan began to roar out even more as changes were happening to his body. His muscles were expanding and his height was growing a meter per second. The clothes that he was wearing were getting ripped to shreds as his tail uncurled and waved outwards, and a brown fur started to grow from his skin.

The transformation continued as Gohan began to lose more and more of his look and started to become something else. The brown fur started to glow brightly as it began to switch between gold and brown until it finally settled on gold. Within thirty seconds time, Gohan had grown into a gigantic beast… the Oozaru! With glowing red eyes and razor sharp teeth lining that long muzzle of his, the transformed demi-saiyan let out a roar that shook the entire jungle. The worst possible outcome had arrived!



* * *



Author's note: Hey everyone! Hope you all enjoyed the chapter especially with the flashback. It was important to show that Konoka can't use her pactio more than twice. It's explained in the manga. I also switched around a few things in the manga especially when they are in the wilderness. But I digress.

READ AND REVIEW PLEASE! Keep those reviews coming! I love hearing from everyone! Well, see ya around! Peace!





*Chapter 55*: The 1,000,000 Drachma Repayment Plan!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. See chapter 1 for details.

Author's note: Hey everyone! How are you all doing? I'm doing better than I was in the beginning of the week since I got sick. Sucks, I know. Anyways, I am glad that most people liked the reintroduction of the tail as it is going to foreshadow some events later on. Also, there is an announcement at the bottom of the page. Please read it!

I want to give a shout out to ZXAdvent for being my 600th reviewer as well as reviewing every single chapter of this story. I am really grateful that you did that dude. Thank you so much! Please keep on reviewing!

I want to thank Gokai Entertainment for beta reading this chapter. He's been great! So now, let me present to you all Chapter 55 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 55: Wanted! The 1,000,000 Drachma Repayment Plan!

Chisame couldn't believe what she was seeing. Just a few minutes ago, Negi and Kotarou were going at it with incredible power while Gohan was battling against a high fever. Then, suddenly, after Negi and Kotarou had finished their spar, everyone had gone quiet when they said a power was increasing.

Chisame didn't know if that were true since she had no knowledge of sensing ki levels like Negi, Kotarou and Chachamaru. But, the most surprising thing that happened was when she had noticed something was going on with the demi-saiyan. Then, without notice, he started to transform into something that no one had expected.

Chisame didn't know whether to believe what she was seeing, but after being in this godforsaken magical wilderness and seeing things that could be considered fantasy, she began to realize the enormity of her situation. Standing above her and everyone else's position was a giant golden ape, roaring loudly to the heavens. Chisame kept trying to find excuses on how to count this as reality but she was having trouble thinking as she looked at the Giant Ape's red eyes. All she could think was the heavy bloodlust that the eyes were carrying.

The Golden Oozaru roared even louder, shaking the foundations of the forests which caused most of the flying creatures to run away as quickly as possible. The transformed demi-saiyan snarled at the sudden movement. Rearing his head back, the golden ape suddenly threw it forward again and opened his maw to a gaping extent. In just a split second, a pink, megaton blast of energy shot forth from his mouth, devouring a huge section of the forest in a whirlwind of turbulence and fire. Many cries from the creatures were heard booming across the sky.

Everyone was gaping at the sight as the Golden Oozaru began crushing everything in its path, knocking down cliffs, mountains, or whatever laid in its path. "Th-This is… madness…" Kotarou stuttered.

Negi ran ahead of the group, trying to catch up with the Golden Giant Ape. What is Gohan doing? Negi asked himself. If he doesn't stop soon, he will destroy this entire ecosystem! But before he could even reach to Gohan's feet, Negi was tackled by Chachamaru. "Chachamaru-san?" the boy teacher exclaimed, surprised by the robot girl's action.

"Negi-sensei, you mustn't go there!" warned Chachamaru.

"Why?" Negi asked. "I have to tell Gohan to stop what he is doing!"

"Gohan-sensei is not there anymore. You are no match for him. His power has increased to a level that we could only imagine."

"But…"

"What do mean 'Gohan-sensei is not there anymore' Chachamaru?" Chisame asked, snapping out of her shock from earlier. "Are you telling me that thing is not Gohan-sensei?"

"Yes and no," the robot girl responded. "I had studied quite extensively on the anatomy of Saiyans, especially considering that one was in the service of Chao-san. As I had mentioned before, when Saiyans with tails see the full moon, they transform into an Oozaru, a Giant Ape. It is said that their power increases ten-fold which is useful in combat, but that's when it is a normal transformation. This time around, the Oozaru's fur is gold. Plus, you have to keep in mind that some Saiyans like Gohan-sensei, haven't been able to control the Saiyan instinct to destroy everything when they have transformed. Right now, Gohan-sensei has lost the ability to distinguish between friend and foe."

Everyone's eyes widen upon hearing Chachamaru's explanation. "That's not possible!" denied the young hanyou. "Gohan-niisan definitely knows who his friends are. Watch!"

"Kotarou-san! Stop!" screamed Chachamaru but it was too late; Kotarou was already in the sky, flying towards where the transformed Gohan was at.

The Golden Giant Ape kept on rampaging as if he were a monster in a big city, destroying everything that he saw fit. Pounding his chest like a normal ape, the Golden Oozaru prepared to launch another pink megaton blast. Suddenly, he noticed a figure in his peripherals. It was Kotarou! "Gohan-niisan! You need to stop!" pleaded the hanyou. "We are your friends remember? If you continue like this, you will destroy everything!"

The Golden Giant Ape snarled at the figure as he had distinguished him to be his enemy. Rearing his head back, the golden ape suddenly threw it forward again and opened his maw to a gaping extent. In just a split second, a pink, megaton blast of energy shot forth from his mouth, devouring Kotarou in an instant and sending him in a whirlwind of turbulence and fire. Kotarou let out a cry as he was sent hurling through the air and sent directly crashing into the forests.

"Kotarou-kun!" Negi cried.

The golden Oozaru pounded his chests as to show everyone that he had smitten his enemy. But he didn't stop there. Opening his maw up, the transformed demi-saiyan warrior lashed out a series of pink megaton blasts repeatedly. It was a barrage of powerful blasts that no ordinary creature could survive! The forest was quickly becoming engulfed in explosions and flames as the creatures tried to run away from the giant ape as quickly as possible.

Negi, Chachamaru and Chisame gaped at the horror show was being displayed on them. If they didn't stop Gohan now, he could easily destroy the entire Magical World! "What are we going to do, Negi-sensei?" Chisame asked, as she didn't want her summer vacation or even her life to end like this. "How are we going to stop him?"

Negi gritted his teeth. "I'm… not sure. Gohan has become much more powerful and destructive. Even if Kotarou-kun and I were to go to full power, we would stand no chance against him. He has reached a level that I could only dream of." Clenching his fists hard, Negi began to mutter to himself on his uselessness. If he only had more power!

"There is one way, Negi-sensei," Chachamaru said, snapping Negi out of thought. Chisame and Negi looked at the robot girl with interest as they awaited her answer. "We cut off his tail."

"Cut of his tail?" Chisame repeated. "Are you nuts? What is that going to do for us? Have an even angrier rampaging golden giant ape?"

"It wouldn't," spoke up Negi Springfield.

Turning to the boy teacher, Chisame was about to ask him for a better strategy than the robot girl's, but when she noticed the look on Negi's face, she knew that it would be pointless to ask him since he had already agreed with Chachamaru. "What do you mean?"

"Chachamaru-san had mentioned that if Saiyans with tails see the full moon, they transform into a Giant Ape. Wouldn't the same thing happen in reverse?" Chisame looked at the boy teacher in confusion, resulting him to explain even further his reasoning.

"When Gohan first explained a bit about his past, he had mentioned that he used to have a tail. He had also mentioned the reason on why there was no more moon on Earth as Piccolo had destroyed it to stop the Saiyans from using it. Also, after talking with Asuna-san and Setsuna-san on their fight against Tullece, they had said that Tullece had transformed into a Giant Ape and they had stopped his rampage by cutting off his tail."

"I see," Chachamaru mused after having nodded at every sentence spoken by Negi.

Chisame, meanwhile, was a bit unsure on whether to believe Negi's argument. It just seemed… unreal that a person could de-transform just because his tail was cut off. Besides that, there was another issue at hand. "Negi-sensei, if what you say is true, how are we going to cut his tail off? I'm pretty sure that Golden ape is not going to let us cut off his tail just by asking."

"I know, but it is a risk that we have to take," Negi said sternly, surprising Chisame a bit. "Gohan would do the same thing for us if we were in his position."

"I'm ready when you are, Negi-sensei," Chachamaru stated as she transformed her arms into a magical sword and magical machine gun. "Let's go." Negi nodded in agreement as the two dashed towards the rampaging golden giant ape.

As the Oozaru Gohan kept on destroying whatever laid on his path, he got some resistance from nearby magical creatures, mainly Dragons. All of them launched out devastating magical attacks upon the Giant Ape, creating a series of explosions. The beasts grinned but then suddenly gaped once the smoke had cleared to reveal an unharmed Oozaru.

The Giant Ape growled at the nearby magical creatures as a few angry tick marks appeared on the monster's face. Opening its maw, the Golden Giant Ape breathed out a gigantic stream of fire at the Dragons. The magical creatures tried to dodge the attack with some escaping barely while others were burnt alive. The forest fires began to grow even fiercer as the Golden Oozaru roared, ready to continue on its path of destruction.

"KAMEHAME-HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!" a voice sounded.

The Golden Giant Ape spun round, looking up to see who it was yelling and producing that large amount of energy. The transformed demi-saiyan got struck directly in the face as the powerful blast fired by the unknown fighter hit on home. The Golden Giant Ape roared in pain and staggered back, gripping his smoking face. After toppling various hills and trees, he glared up once more to see who it was that had attacked him. Looking up, he saw Negi; both palms held towards the giant ape. The Golden Giant Ape growled.

Negi took a stance, ready for what was coming next. He needed to hold off Gohan and weaken him a bit for Chachamaru to cut off his tail.

With a roar, the Golden Giant Ape shot up into the sky, using super speed to gain an advantage. Negi was shocked beyond belief at the speed the ape used and backed away, trying to get a lock onto his target. When he finally did, he found the Golden Giant Ape's ki directly above him and looked up. As soon as he did, he saw the transformed demi-saiyan appear out of thin air and suddenly plummet towards him, arms crossed over his chest in attack. Negi yelled in shock just before the Golden Giant Ape struck him, plummeting towards the ground where Negi found himself crushed into the ground. He screamed in agony.

The Golden Giant Ape got to his feet, balling his fists. He raised his foot, getting ready to crush his opponent. Just as he was about to bring his foot down on his new foe who was slowly getting to his feet, the Golden Giant Ape caught another yell from a distance and spun around, his foot landing elsewhere to balance him.

"KON KON SHOU!" the voice yelled, a ball of energy soaring from a distance and straight at the giant ape. The Golden Giant Ape caught the blast directly in the chest, the explosion greater than he had anticipated but still only a minor hit. Winded, the Golden Giant Ape staggered back, glaring up again to see who had hit him. When he did, he saw Kotarou hovering out of reach, left hand raised towards him with his right hand cuffing his wrist, panting a bit and covered with bruises.

The Golden Oozaru roared in frustration as Negi looked up to see Kotarou floating up in the sky. "K-Kotarou-kun?" Upon instinct, the young hanyou descended towards the ground. He then helped up the boy teacher from the ground. "Are you okay?"

The hanyou grinned. "Of course I would be! If I were to be defeated by such an attack, I wouldn't be able to face Piccolo-san later." Negi smiled, glad that his friend was still with him. The two of them glared at the giant ape. "What's the plan Negi?"

Negi proceeded to tell the young hanyou the plan; Kotarou nodding at every word that the boy teacher spoke. Kotarou grinned as he went ahead and flew up into the sky. Floating before the Golden Oozaru, Kotarou, with a flail of his arms, brought forth a blazing light blue aura. Placing his arms as if they were Chinese sabers, the young hanyou cried out, "GEKI WAZA NAMI NAMI ZAN!" He then delivered several chops in place of slices at the transformed demi-saiyan.

The Golden Oozaru staggered, grunting in pain at the chops as if they felt like cuts from a sharp blade. The giant ape looked up and growled as he went leaning forward into a sprinting stance before disappearing into super speed. The ground shook violently with a massive amount of trees suddenly becoming crushed as an invisible, lightning fast monster ran straight for its next target.

Kotarou was unable to act fast enough when suddenly, The Golden Giant Ape appeared out of nowhere and sent a hook directly at him. The enlarged knuckles slammed into Kotarou with such force it sent the young hanyou flying into a distant hill, crashing seconds later and turning it into rubble. Just as the remains piled on top of him, the Golden Giant Ape opened his mouth towards the collapsing structure and unleashed another powerful blast. The pink blast soared straight for the cloud of dust, with an incredible, atomic like explosion following its impact.

The Golden Giant Ape pulled back and grunted in disinterest. Kotarou had put up no decent fight whatsoever. He turned around, towards his other targets. But just as he did, Negi flashed right in front of him and flew at his face, pounding him with hard, relentless punches. The boy teacher yelled with each blow connecting with the giant ape's face, grunting as each blow struck. The Golden Oozaru stepped back, continuously being hit.

Finishing off his assault, Negi pulled his right leg round and sent a powerful roundhouse kick at the Golden Giant Ape. The blow knocked the transformed demi-saiyan warrior slightly to the side, but the blow only encouraged the Golden Giant Ape to continue. He returned to glare at Negi hovering just meters away from him. Negi was taken aback by this but he immediately shook his head. He needed to continue if they were to succeed.

Just as he was about to attack again, the Golden Giant Ape reached up with his right hand so fast, the boy teacher found himself encased in a tight, bone crunching grip. Negi screamed in pain with the encasement, trying to get out of it but found that he couldn't move. The Golden Giant Ape brought Negi towards him and leered angrily.

Negi growled and glared, his muscles throbbing with pain. It shot through him like being dropped in ice cold water. However, his determination was even stronger and Negi resulted to a new tactic. Balling his fists beneath the Golden Giant Ape's large fingers, the boy teacher powered up, bringing ki in his right hand and magic on his left.

"N-No… KANKAHO!" Negi yelled at the top of his lungs, a bright aura suddenly surrounding him and the Golden Giant Ape's fist. The Golden Oozaru holding him felt a stinging sensation in his palm before his fingers were forcefully lifted. Negi kicked and punched his way out, shooting forward with great speed and sending a double hammer whopper across the transformed demi-saiyan's face. The Golden Giant Ape growled from the blow, the earth shaking punch sending him staggering back.

Negi let out another yell and honed in on his assault, flying forwards and soaring straight for the Golden Giant Ape's stomach. Cranking back his fists, Negi began hammering blows into the Oozaru's gut, forcing him back. But he soon realized that his assault was to be for nothing. The Golden Giant Ape glared down at Negi and growled, trying to keep himself in focus through the boy teacher's efforts. Raising his right fist up, he sent it straight down at Negi. However, the glowing boy teacher shot back, avoiding the strike before flying straight up, pulling his right fist back to attack.

Before he could, the Golden Giant Ape swiped up, back slapping Negi away. This time, Negi did get hit. As soon as he was sent flying, his aura vanished. Seconds after being struck, thanks to his endurance and strength, Negi managed to regain all his senses and flip back into submission. Gaining control over his flight, he began falling back. But as he was falling back from the transformed demi-saiyan's position and flying at speeds faster than the speed of sound, Negi found himself being pursued by the massive golden ape. Looking to his right, he saw the giant Golden Oozaru right beside him traveling at the same speed but even faster! The boy teacher was shocked!

The Golden Oozaru let out a loud roar, raising his left hand towards him and unleashing a powerful, blue blast. Negi was hit while still in mid-flight, getting knocked in another direction and crashing into a nearby cliff. It crumpled beneath him, rubble surrounding him within seconds and a cloud of dust rising into the air. His momentum ceased instantaneously, which was why he didn't keep on flying.

As the boy teacher struggled to get to his feet again, he was suddenly picked up by the Golden Giant Ape again. This time, the grip the Golden Oozaru had him in was stronger than before. As soon as he was brought up to the Golden Giant Ape's glare, Negi felt himself get crushed as the giant ape's grip tightened. The Golden Giant Ape growled as he continued applying pressure to Negi, slowly crushing him in his large hands. He tightened and tightened, but to no avail as Negi was still alive and well. The boy teacher wailed and struggled, his head shaking about to throw off the pain. All the blood was building, and felt as though it would burst out of him. For a normal human being, it was like being coiled and crushed by an anaconda.

Just as the Golden Giant Ape was about to finish him, his ears twitched at a familiar sound. Extending his senses out quickly, and hearing a twinge of metal, the Golden Giant Ape stepped to the side and swung his tail about, avoiding Chachamaru jumping at his tail, slicing out with her magical sword. Unfortunately, the robot girl missed.

The transformed demi-saiyan snarled at seeing such an opponent try something like that. Rearing his head back, the Golden Oozaru unleashed his signature attack of a pink megaton blast at the flying robot girl. Chachamaru instinctively turned her head to see the blast approaching her. She had to dodge it! And by chance, she did but not without consequences. The arm in which contained her magical sword was cut off from her!

The robot girl cried out in sheer pain as she landed harshly on the ground. The Golden Oozaru leered at her, ready to finish her off with another blast when suddenly, the transformed demi-saiyan felt something on its tail. He turned around to see a figure trying to cut off his tail!

Upon closer inspection, it was Chisame! She was using Chachamaru's magical sword to cut off the Golden Oozaru's tail. However, the sword was too heavy for a frail girl like her so what she did was just get the Golden Giant Ape's attention. Chisame shrieked when she saw that the transformed demi-saiyan was looking straight at her, raging. I knew this wasn't a good idea, Chisame said to herself. Why did I have to pick up that sword?

The Golden Giant Ape reared back its head, ready to launch its attack when suddenly a voice boomed across the area. "HYAAAAHHHH!" Chisame looked up to see a blue sharp disc approaching them. The Golden Giant Ape could look and watch as the disc went ahead and cut off its tail! The monster roared out in pain.

As the Giant Ape was staggering back and forth in pain, Chisame wondered who had sent out that attack. She then spotted a figure in the sky and realized that it was Negi Springfield! It would seem that during Chachamaru's attack, the Golden Giant Ape accidently loosened his grip, allowing for Negi to escape.

Meanwhile, something was happening with the Golden Oozaru. He began to shrink quickly as well lose some of its distinguishing features. Within a few seconds, the Oozaru was no more as Gohan had returned back to normal. As soon as the de-transformation was complete, Gohan's eye lids closed and landed on the ground with a thud. Chisame approached the demi-saiyan but quickly flinched and squealed once she noticed that Gohan wasn't fully clothed. Luckily, Gohan didn't hear it as he was snoring like a baby.

Negi landed on the ground, panting a bit and wincing in pain. It was by chance that Gohan hadn't applied too much pressure; otherwise he would have been in worse shape. He went ahead to check upon everyone's condition. Thankfully, no one was too hurt. They just needed to get some rest.

Within a few minutes, a camp had been made along what remained of a beach. Gohan was covered up in a blanket and some spare clothes. Kotarou laid next to him as he was covered in bruises with Chisame watching over him and the demi-saiyan. Chachamaru was fixing her arm that had been ripped off during the battle against the Golden Oozaru while Negi was attending to his injuries. Then they heard a sound.

"Ugh…" Everyone's eyes widen upon hearing that sound. All of them rushed towards Gohan's position as they saw slowly opening his eyes. The demi-saiyan looked up and saw everyone staring at him. "Wh-What's going on guys?" he asked weakly.

Everyone smiled and let out a sigh of relief, thankful that Gohan had returned. The demi-saiyan, meanwhile, blinked a few times in confusion. "Thank God you are okay Gohan," Negi said, a tear drop in his eye.

"Okay? What do you mean?" Gohan questioned.

"You don't remember, Gohan-sensei?" Chisame asked.

"Remember what?" Gohan then noticed something was missing on his behind. His eyes widened upon realization. "Ah my tail! It's gone!" Gohan immediately stood up as he glanced around to see where his tail was at. Within a few seconds, Gohan put his hands behind his head and said, "Oh well!" Chisame face faulted.

"Gohan-niisan, aren't you a bit worried about what happened to your tail?" Kotarou asked.

Gohan flashed his father's signature grin. "Not the least. It'll come back. By the way… what happened over there?" the demi-saiyan asked, motioning over to where there was a massive amount of destruction.

"Gohan, you had trans–"

"Shh!" Chisame whispered to Negi's ear as she interrupted him before saying that the destruction was caused by Gohan. "Are you crazy, Negi-sensei?"

"What do you mean?"

"You know how Gohan-sensei is. If he hears that he was the one who caused this destruction, he is going to feel really depressed. Right now, we need everyone to be focused in order to find everyone and get back safely to Mahora Academy." Negi pondered on Chisame's statement. Within a few moments, Negi nodded in agreement. They needed everyone to be in good condition for them to continue on their journey.

"Gohan-sensei, how are you feeling?" Chachamaru asked.

Gohan put his hand on his chin as he pondered while he felt his head with his other hand. Turning to the robot girl, the demi-saiyan let out a smile. "I'm feeling fine! Feeling better than I have ever since I got here," Gohan responded.

Chachamaru, Negi, Chisame and Kotarou breathed a sigh of relief when they heard that. One less thing to worry about. It would seem that by transforming into an Oozaru and going back to normal helped Gohan-sensei overcome his fever, Chachamaru deduced to herself. It might have been by chance that the tail re-growing would serve a purpose. Let's just hope it doesn't grow back any time soon.



* * *



A few days later…

After what happened with Gohan transforming into a Golden Oozaru, the group had proceeded forward to the closet badge near them. Within a few minutes, everyone stood upon a cliff overlooking a faraway city. Everyone's faces turned into smiles as Kotarou, Negi and Gohan cheered upon seeing the city. Chisame let out a sigh. "300 km in 4 days… seemed like forever," she said.

Gohan chuckled slightly. "Sorry about that," he said. "It was just a bit hard walking on the first day with my tail cut off and everything."

"Don't' worry about it, Gohan-niisan," Kotarou stated. "Besides, what is Chisame-neechan talking about? She had Chachamaru-neechan carry her for the most part."

Chisame glared at the young hanyou, angry that he had to mention that fact. She was about to reprimand Kotarou but couldn't as he, Gohan and Negi jumped off the cliff and rushed towards the city. Gohan was running the fastest as he wanted to get a good meal. Chisame, meanwhile, let out a sigh of relief. "The city looks more normal," Chisame stated. "I'm relieved." Oh how she would eat those words.

Once they had arrived at the city, Chisame began to take back what she said. All around her was things that she would consider fantasy. There were walking animal-type humans, fairies, people dressed in outfits that looked similar to those of black mages from the Final Fantasy series and so on. Her mood turned gloomy as she glanced around. "This definitely isn't normal."

"Quite fantasy-like," Chachamaru responded. "You need to give up on finding normality here."

"Well, at least this place is full of people," Chisame commented. "By the way, where are Gohan-sensei and Negi-sensei?" As soon as she said that, she saw that Kotarou Gohan and Negi had already gotten some food. The three boys were awe, watching everything around them, especially Gohan. He hadn't expected to see this kind of stuff ever. Plus, it was pretty lively here. He couldn't wait to tell Goten about this later.

Then, suddenly, Gohan heard a chime above him as so did Negi, Kotarou, Chisame, Chachamaru and everyone else in the town. They all saw "Daily News…" spoke the news broadcaster. Gohan noticed it to be a woman but with cat ears; probably normal for someone from the Magical World. "We have more information regarding the Gateport Magical Riot from 6 days ago. Various Gateports continue to show magical instability."

Gohan started to have a bad feeling about this as he continued to watch the news broadcast. "The culprit's motive remains a mystery," stated the news anchor. "We now have new footage via Megalomesenbria." Suddenly two pictures were displayed on the monitor causing both Negi and Gohan to fling their eyes wide open as they noticed to be their profile pictures! "A reward has been offered for the capture of these two humans. The capture of the one that appears to be a child of about 10 years of age is 300,000 Drachma while the one that appears to be an adult of about 17 years of age is 700,000 Drachma."

Gohan couldn't believe what he was seeing. How could he and Negi be the culprits? And why was so much money being offered? The demi-saiyan didn't know much about the currency here in the Magical World but from he could hear from the surrounding comments, he understood that their rewards were a large amount. He knew that he or anyone shouldn't make a scene or they would be spotted. He turned around to see if Negi understood that but the boy teacher was about to deny what he was seeing. Luckily, Kotarou was there to stop him from drawing any attention to him or the group.

"Here is some recently released footage," continued the anchorwoman as she showed some footage from the Gateport. It showed Negi and Gohan unleashing devastating attacks at the columns that were holding the magic within the Gateport.

"I didn't do that!" whispered the boy teacher. Gohan agreed with him. It must be some kind of trick!

"It doesn't matter Negi-san," the demi-saiyan said in a low voice so as to not draw attention. "Let's cover our faces so as to not draw attention to ourselves."

Negi and Kotarou nodded in agreement while Chisame came rushing in. "What the hell is going on?" she asked.

Gohan was about to explain the situation but Kotarou beat him to the punch. "That footage is fake! Fake I tell ya!" commented the young hanyou.

"Fake? Why? Who!"

"You know! It's gotta be Fate!" Kotarou commented. "He said he was good with intel! He's probably pissed that Negi got two punches in on him!"

"Then it looks we should maintain radio silence," Gohan stated with a serious look on his face. "We can't risk being captured right now."

"Then let's get the hell out of here!" Chisame responded.

"Wait a sec!" Negi said. "Don't you remember? We received a response from the badge in this city! We can't skip out before we've found the others!" Gohan, Chisame and Kotarou all nodded in agreement. If the situation was this bad, they couldn't leave someone out here.

Negi then turned towards Chachamaru to ask for the location of the badge and luckily, it was nearby. Gohan rushed away once Chachamaru motioned to what direction the badge was at. He needed to rescue his student but something was troubling him. He tried to sense something towards the direction of the badge and all he was getting were the residents of the town. This was bad and things turned worse when his suspicions were correct. There was no one there as what remained was the badge.



* * *



Few minutes later…

After finding the badge, the group quickly went into an alleyway to avoid attracting attention. However, things kept on getting worse as Gohan had managed to discover something shocking. A bounty list that had listed everyone that was present at the Gateport with bounties on their heads! "This is the worst-case scenario," Gohan stated.

"If they dropped the badge, it's no help," Kotarou added.

"This is indeed bad," Chachamaru commented. "There's a bounty on everyone's heads, although not as much as the teachers."

"A bounty? What is this, some kind of spaghetti western?" Chisame questioned.

In the meantime, Negi stared at the bounty list intently. Gripping it hard, Negi muttered, "Everyone… If I was stronger…"

"Stop, Negi!" Kotarou said, luckily snapping Negi out of his funk as well as grabbing his attention. "You're doing the same crap over and over. You've got a good brain. Don't you remember our talk?"

"This is serious!" Negi exclaimed. "They're all…"

"Worrying won't help at all," interrupted the young hanyou. "They'll know how to dodge this bullet. Believe in them."

"Why should I?" Negi asked. "I don't even know how they're doing!"

"I believe it because I KNOW. I'm your friend and I'm telling you for a reason," Kotarou stated, shocking the boy teacher. Gohan grinned at the good insight that Kotarou was giving to Negi. He couldn't have said it any better, especially when he also needed to hear as well. Perhaps this situation wouldn't have happened if he were a bit stronger. He needed to train and quickly.

"Now that we have gotten that out of the way, we gotta confirm our situation," Chisame spoke up, grabbing everyone's attention. "Because of some conspiracy, we're now all wanted by the law. We could get arrested, get sent back to Megalomesenbria and try to prove our innocence there. I doubt that's the best way."

Gohan nodded. "I agree," he said. "Since we've already been framed, there's no guarantee we can prove our innocence. It could be game over as soon as we're caught."

"For that same reason, we can't expect help from the embassy or the police," Chisame pointed out. "That means that we need to find everyone on our own. Get to someone like Donet whom we can trust, and return home on our own. This is the basic plan. Your thoughts, Gohan-sensei?"

Gohan grinned. "Sounds like a good plan to me." Kotarou nodded in agreement. It was better than nothing.

Chisame smiled, glad that she had the demi-saiyan behind her. Pulling out the Ala Alba Badge, Chisame continued, "Okay, this is next. I believe there's a good chance that the owner of this pin is still in this city."

"Why?" Kotarou asked.

"This city seems to be about 5 km wide," Chisame explained. "It's possible to contact each other via the cards, so it's not one of the 6 pactio members. According to Chachamaru, the owner arrived here last night. If it was Nagase or Ku, that would be too slow. I think the only person left is Asakura."

"I agree," Chachamaru said. "Asakura-san would not go outside of the city where things could be more dangerous."

"Either way, we have to find this person," Chisame stated. "I'd love to scream all over town, but we're wanted, so that's a problem."

"Makes moving around difficult," Kotarou commented.

"Don't worry everyone. I have an idea," Negi mentioned. "Leave it to me."



* * *



At a local tavern…

Business was usual at the tavern. The guests were yammering away at each other, drinking up whatever the bartender had to offer. Suddenly, the entrance doors to the tavern swung open. Coming from outside were five figures; three of them were tall while two were short. Upon closer inspection, it was Negi and the group except that they were different. Negi and Kotarou had been changed into their teenage selves while Chachamaru and Chisame had reverted into little children. Gohan, meanwhile, had transformed into a Super Saiyan.

Everyone had stopped talking as soon as Negi and the others had entered into the tavern. The group took up a seat at the bar as they gave out their drink orders.

"Milk tea, please," Negi said.

"Kobucha," Kotarou said.

"Milk for me and one of everything you got on the edibles menu," Gohan mentioned, causing the whole tavern to crackle out loud with laughter.

"People are staring at us," Negi whispered to Gohan as he had noticed that everyone was indeed glaring at them.

"We're unfamiliar faces, so they're suspicious," Gohan responded as he took a sip from his drink.

"Remember, look tough," Kotarou reminded the boy teacher. "Make sure nobody picks on us. You look like a softie."

"Hey," Chisame whispered. "The disguise seems okay, but are you sure it's not obvious, especially with Gohan-sensei having transformed into a Super Saiyan?"

"I learned this age-changing spell from Master," Negi commented.

"Plus, I don't think it would work with me in changing my age," Gohan added. "Having me in Super Saiyan was a better option. Besides, I'm used to it. I have trained with my Super Saiyan form in acting normal for a long time so it should be fine." Chisame wasn't sure about this plan, especially for Gohan. His appearance didn't change much except that his hair was blonde and his eyes were jade green. If someone were to look closely at the picture, they would notice similarities in the spikey hair. She prayed that no one would find out about this.

"Excuse me," Negi said, grabbing the attention of the bartender.

"Yeah?"

"Have you seen anyone from this list?" Negi asked as he had pulled out his Class Profile Book. "Maybe last night near the road?"

"Hmm," muttered the bartender as he looked at the class list. "These are the wanted criminals from today's announcement."

"Have you seen them?"

"With rewards like this, if I saw them, I'd have already turned them in."

"Oh, right…" Negi trailed, looking depressed. Things were going nowhere!

"Yo, kid," spoke a voice behind the boy teacher, causing him to turn around. It was a tall, bald, bulky figure with tattoos all over his arms. His eyebrows were furrowing in anger at seeing Negi for some reason. Gohan looked at the new person suspiciously. Could he be a bounty hunter? Have their disguises been compromised? "I don't like the way you look," the bald fighter stated which caused Gohan to face fault. "So I need to punch you."

"What!" Negi screamed. "What is this!" He turned over to his friends to try to ask for help but Kotarou was chuckling while the food for the demi-saiyan warrior had arrived and made him gorge at it like it was the end of the world.

"No need to explain!" The bald fighter said as he went for the punch. Negi easily dodged the punch as it went crashing against the bar, effectively destroying it.

Negi got himself in a fighting stance. "I can't allow you to hit me for no reason."

The bald fighter, whose name was Vargus, started to crack his knuckles loudly. Soon, his cronies were right behind him as they stared intently at the grown-up version of the boy teacher. "A long time ago, a dude that looked like you kicked my ass," Vargus explained. "Ever since then, pretty boys with red hair make me wanna hit them."

"What?" Negi said as his eyes widened upon hearing the mere mention of his father. "Are you talking about my father?"

"What? I never heard he had a grown-up kid like you!" Vargus said as he prepared to attack. "Now, hold still so I can crush you!" Negi got himself in a defensive position and was ready to counter attack upon Vargus's attack but it never came as the bald fighter was hit hard and sent flying!

Everyone's eyes popped out in surprise as they turned their heads to see the culprit. It was no other than a Super Saiyan Son Gohan. And boy was he angry. Vargus quickly got up, brushing off the debris on top of him and rubbing his cheek where the damage was inflicted upon. "What the hell is your problem, kid? This doesn't concern you."

"Of course it does," Gohan said sternly. "I know I should not get involved in my friends fight but when my meal is interrupted, that's where the line is drawn."

"Meal? What the hell are you talking about?"

"You trashed the food, especially those delicious looking spaghetti plates! I was saving those for last!" Gohan said as he pointed over to where Vargus had punched last. It would seem that when Vargus went to punch Negi, he accidentally 'desecrated' Gohan's meal. Everyone sweat dropped at Gohan's comment. Chisame face palmed herself. How could Gohan be so angry about food?

The area around the demi-saiyan began to pick up a breeze as Gohan glared at the bald fighter intently. "Now you are going to pay!" Suddenly, a golden blazing aura surrounded him, creating some eye poppers in the process. Everyone in the tavern was amazed.

"The kid looks like he is tough," commented one of the customers.

"Yeah. Too bad he's fighting Vargus," added another customer. "Vargus has mad magic skills."

"Heh," smirked Vargus. "So be it. I won't be holding back! MELODIA VERACRUS DE BIFESTEINANDO!" Suddenly, a bright magical aura surrounded the bald fighter, getting cheers from his followers. Negi was a bit amazed while Gohan stood unfazed by the whole spectacle.

Vargus then began to brag about his skills, showing off his quick moves as well as summoning upon 5 magical arrows without an incantation. The whole tavern was in awe. Vargus grinned as he went to punch the Super Saiyan warrior. "Sorry, kid! You shouldn't have gotten involved!" But as soon as he said that last part, Vargus was quickly left breathless. He moved his eyes down to see Son Gohan, engraving his punch on the bald fighter's stomach.

Gohan retracted his arm back and let the bald fighter fall to the ground with a thud. Everyone was shell shocked, except for Negi, Kotarou, Chisame and Chachamaru. They had expected something like this coming from the demi-saiyan warrior. Then, Gohan let out a sigh. "Is that it?" asked the demi-saiyan with a disappointed look on his face. "I expected this to be much longer since he looked kind of strong. Oh well, time to enjoy my meal again!"

Gohan went ahead to the bar and was ready to order before Vargus's followers got up from their chairs and quickly armed themselves. "You! How dare you do that to the Boss! Get him!" Gohan ignored the ranting as he quickly went to enjoy his meal while Negi and Kotarou decided to take his place and fight off against the angry mob.

Within a few seconds, the whole mob was defeated. Some of the customers were clapping at the spectacle, amazed that someone could knock out so many people so quickly. Gohan chuckled slightly as he knew that this was going to happen. He purposely let Negi and Kotarou take care of the small fry while he ate. He was definitely hungry. After finishing his umpteenth plate, Gohan said to the bartender, "Sorry about the store."

"This is par for the course," responded the bartender. "I'll make them pay. You all are so strong for your age. It really brings me back."

"What do you mean?" Negi asked.

"Have you three thought about being Gladiators?"

"Gladiators?" Gohan questioned.

"With your skills, you'd be rolling in dough."

"Don't want money," Kotarou stated. "We want info. Can you remember anything?"

"Actually, I do," responded the bartender. "She's not wanted, but this girl came in asking for water."

"Really?" exclaimed all three boys.

The bartender nodded as he pointed to a picture that no one of the group had expected. "This one," the bartender said as he pointed out to the picture of Natsumi! "I remember her cute freckles. I'm sure of it. They were arguing with some guy. There were other girls. They went into a caravan. I hope they weren't captured by slave traders."

"WHAT!"



* * *



A few hours later…

After hearing from the bartender about Natsumi, Negi and the group decided to do some questioning of their own. They went all over town, asking any information about anyone from the class list. Soon, night was approaching and the group had regrouped at the tavern to go over the information that they had gathered. "With all the info we've gathered, looks like Natsumi-neechan was captured by slave traders and transported to the port city of Granicus," Kotarou stated.

"Witnesses say there were a few girls with her, but no clear ID," Chachamaru added. "They said one was ill…"

Gohan nodded upon hearing the information on which everyone had gathered. He looked at the boy teacher. "What next?" he asked.

"We have to go there!" Negi immediately responded.

"Right. There's no solid evidence that it's Natsumi," Chisame said, trying to bring some perspective into the conversation. "If you're saying one of us was sold into slavery, was caught up in something that would never happen in our world, we don't have time to waste worrying, do we?"

Negi nodded. "Yes!"

Gohan smiled. "Let's roll!"



* * *



Meanwhile, at Granicus, city of commerce…

"Phew," sigh Natsumi as she just finished sweeping the patio. Dressed in a maid outfit with a lock collar around her neck, Natsumi was exhausted. She looked up in the sky and noticed some airborne ships that looked like whales. "Flying whales…" Natsumi commented. "Look at that. This can't be real." Pinching her cheek painfully, Natsumi knew that this wasn't a dream.

"I can feel pain in a dream, right?" The freckled girl cried out. "Help! Someone, tell me this is a dream! Aaah! Why did this happen?" Natsumi then began to recall what happened in the days before. She was part of the group that was following Negi, Gohan and the Negima group in England as well as to the entrance to the Magical World in Wales. Then after the incident at the Gateport where everyone was sent to different places, she had found herself stranded in a field, alone.

"Newbie!" Natsumi quickly snapped out of her reminiscing as the voice continued to scream at her. "Get your butt back to work!"

"Yes, ma'am!" Natsumi responded. After a few hours of working, Natsumi got herself a break. She then went ahead to check up on some people, namely Ako and Akira! "I finally got a break," Natsumi as she entered into the room.

Akira turned around, glad that her friend was okay. However, someone wasn't as Ako was lying on the bed, her face beat red. Plus, she was panting quite a bit. The most interesting thing though was that they all were wearing the same type of collar. "So, Murakami, they didn't do anything weird to you?" Akira asked.

Natsumi shook her head. "No, just a hard day's work," she said. "I'm fine. How is Izumi-san?"

Akira's face turned a bit somber. "She's still feverish and semi-conscious," she said. "If the medicine works, she should recover in 2-3 days."

"That's good news," Natsumi said. "When Izumi-san turned purple and collapsed in the middle of nowhere, I had no idea what to do."

"Me either," Akira responded. "I'm so glad I ran into you, Murakami-san. I couldn't have reached water or the city on my own."

"That said, once we reached a city and found medicine for Izumi-san from a seemingly nice person, this is the price we had to pay," Natsumi said, pointing to the collar around her neck.

"Murakami, we had no choice," Akira commented. "There was no other way to cure Ako. We had no money, and no way to contact anyone else. We just have to work this off."

"1,000,000 Drachma! How long will that take!" Natsumi cried. "This collar is the mark of a slave! Slavery doesn't exist in real life, right?"

"That's the thing, Murakami. Do you think we're at home? You saw the people in this city! I've never seen any place like this in the world."

"Yeah, but it doesn't feel like a dream. We get sleepy, hungry, hot. When we sleep, we dream. I mean, can we both be having the same dream?"

Akira nodded. "You're right. Murakami, maybe you're just a person in my dream."

"No, I'm real!" Natsumi exclaimed. "Maybe we are in some kind of game? That would make total sense! We've been hooked up to a computer somehow! You know, virtual reality machines. Technology has been advancing so fast!"

"Virtual what?"

"You don't know? Like the Matrix…"

"Even if this is a dream or virtual reality, we can't move until Ako's better."

Natsumi nodded in agreement. "Right."



* * *



Two days later…

"WHAT!" screamed a voice inside the Granicus immigration office. Everyone inside the office turned their heads to the commotion that was going on at the desk. They could see five figures there, three of them while the other two were short. They didn't who they were so they decided to go back to their own business when the blonde figure tried to draw attention away from them.

The blonde figure, Son Gohan, then returned to the desk as they heard some dire news. "You're tellin' me all three girls are officially slaves! What do you mean!" screamed the dog ear figure, Kotarou.

The clerk was unfazed by Kotarou's display. "Yes, we found the names Murakami, Izumi, and Okochi," stated the clerk. "As of three days ago, they've been officially registered as Sir Dornegos' slaves."

"That's not possible!" Kotarou shouted as he grabbed the clerk by the collar. The hanyou was ready to punch the living daylights out of the clerk but luckily Gohan stopped him before he went any further.

"That's enough!" Gohan said sternly, grabbing hold of Kotarou's hand.

Kotarou looked at Gohan with a confused look. "But…"

"Getting angry with the clerk isn't going to get us anywhere," Gohan said as Kotarou let the clerk go peacefully, "even if what he is saying is not possible."

"You may think so," the clerk said as he adjusted his glasses. "However, this is all legal. Here's a copy." The clerk then pulled out a copy of the signatures and it indeed was true. Ako, Natsumi and Akira had all signed off on the paper. "You can see their signatures on this magical contract. Until they pay back the 1,000,000 DP debt, they're legally slaves."

"Why you!" Kotarou shouted, ready to pounce on the clerk once again but Gohan stopped him before he did anything that would warrant unwanted attention.

Turning to the clerk, Gohan bowed slightly in apology even though his fists were clenching in rage. How could this have happened? They needed to do something. "I apologize for my friend," Gohan said to the clerk. "He easily gets riled up."

"Of course, that's why he is a beast. So uncivilized."

Gohan gritted his teeth upon hearing that discrimination. If he weren't a wanted criminal, he would have smacked the clerk for saying something like that about his friend. But right now, they had more pressing matters. "Could you at least tell us where they are?" the demi-saiyan warrior asked.

The clerk nodded. "Sure," he said. "However, if you try to take them by force, that's illegal."

"We're wanted criminals!" boasted the hanyou. "Who gives a shit?"

"In these parts, that's not unusual," clerk responded, unfazed by Kotarou's boast.

Kotarou was getting pissed just arguing with the clerk. It was time to take action. "Doesn't matter!" he shouted. "We're gonna go in with fists flying!"

"Fists flying, huh?" spoke a voice that everyone in the group had recognized, especially Gohan. They turned around to see someone, a girl, covered in a veil. "Don't think that's wise, Kotarou-kun. You may want to hear what this stranger has to say."



* * *



Meanwhile…

Back at the place where Natsumi was working at, Ako was up and sweeping the floor with a broom. Her face was still beat red and was panting heavily. She was still not well. Akira and Natsumi immediately noticed her and rushed to her side. "Ako!" Akira cried. "You have to sleep! You still have a fever!"

"Who made you do this?" Natsumi asked. "That stuffed animal?"

"Y… Yeah," Ako panted.

"Who are you calling a stuffed animal! She volunteered!" shouted a voice. Akira and Natsumi turned their heads to see a large feline-type person approaching them. She definitely looked like one of those stuffed animals. "The medicine's working right? Then she needs to get to work!"

"Ch-Chief!" Natsumi stuttered upon seeing their boss.

"Once she gets moving, the fever should cool off!" The head maid said. "A slave who can't use any magic is just a burden! All of you will work for your 3 meals! Don't you slack off, you hear!" The head maid then headed off with Natsumi commenting to herself that indeed the Chief was a stuffed animal. Natsumi quickly returned to her friend's side but Ako brushed her off.

"You're in a pickle because of me," Ako said. "I can't just stay in bed."

"But… Ako…" Akira said.

"I said GET TO WORK!" screamed the Chief. "Because of the entertainment, we've got tons of customers!"

"Yes!" All three girls cried out as they went back to work. As they were working, Natsumi commented that she wished that this nightmare would end. Akira agreed. However, they suddenly heard a crash and some noise coming from where Ako was working at. The two girls rushed to see that Ako had accidentally spilled some juice on a man's pants. He was pissed.

"Hey!" the thug said. "Watch where you're going!"

"I'm sorry!" Ako apologized.

"That won't cut it!" He said as he kicked Ako on the floor. "You're new? Freakin' slow! You soiled my clothes!"

"I'm really sorry," Ako repeated once again but the thug ignored her as he began to inspect Ako carefully. He noticed the scar on her back but more than that, her white skin. She could come in handy.

He then displayed an unusual grin on his face. "Heh heh," chuckled the thug. "The Chairman has good taste!"

"Look," one of his buddies said, "she's still a kid."

"Don't you get it! Some people are into that!" Ako began to tremble in fear as she realized what they were talking about. The thug then turned to Ako with a menacing grin on his face. "But you're right. Oh well. In 2, 3 years… Sorry to scare you, Li'l girl. Just clean me up and we'll be okay." Ako began to freak out even more. She was not comfortable with menacing men like him.

Then, Akira appeared in front of Ako, stopping the thug from getting his way. He didn't like this one… bit. "Who the hell are you?"

Akira glared at the thug. "Don't you dare touch Ako!"

The thug chuckled as he pulled out a strange looking orb in his hand. "Okochi Akira, eh? 1 million DP for the 3 of you? What did you guys do?" Then, an evil grin appeared on his face. "CABTET OCOTIEM ACIRAM."

Upon saying those words, Akira's collar shone brightly and crackled with electricity. It then coursed through her body painfully. She cried out in pain and landed on the ground with a thud. "Okochi-san!"

"Akira!"

"Learned your lesson? Don't you ever talk back to me," the thug said. "You're property until you pay back the money! You'll pay it back in 5, 6 years." Natsumi gaped in shock at the time it was going to take for them to earn their freedom. This was bad!

The thug then grabbed hold of Ako's arm painfully. "Now, stand up and mop me off!" Suddenly, the thug felt a pat on his shoulder. He turned around to see an angry Negi pulled his arm back. The thug's eyes were widening by the second until he was sent flying by Negi's punch, crashing into the wall. Ako flew into the air and luckily, Negi caught her and held her bridal style. Then everyone noticed two figures appear next to Negi; Son Gohan and Inugami Kotarou!

"Don't you dare touch my students!" Negi shouted. The thug was a bit scared at the sudden display.

"N-Nagi-san…" Ako muttered.

Negi then looked at Ako with a worried look on his face, letting her touch the ground with her feet. "Are you all right, Ako-san?" the boy teacher asked. Ako nodded in response even though she felt like she was in a dream. Her crush, Nagi, cousin of Negi, had come to her rescue. What were the odds?

Natsumi was surprised too as she muttered, "Kotarou-kun?" The hanyou heard the freckled girl say but paid no attention to it as they had more important matters to deal with.

"Who the hell are you people?" The thug shouted. "How dare you punch me!"

Gohan furrowed his eyebrows as Negi spoke up. "These are my friends! You won't lay a finger on them!"

"Your friends?" repeated the thug. "Are you dreaming, boy? They owe 1,000,000 DP!"

"Owe?" spoke a voice. "Shut yer trap, you scammer. You forced them to sign that contract."

The thug quickly noticed that Kotarou had appeared right in front of him. He was shocked at the sudden speed but he didn't show any of that. He needed to act cool and be in control of the situation. Besides, if these people really cared about those maids, he had the ultimate trump card against them. "You have the wrong idea," he said, pulling out the strange orb in front once again. "I don't care if I'm a scammer. Until they pay up, they're property! CABTET IZUMIEM AKONEM MURAKAMIEM NATSUMIEM!"

Upon his command, the collars on Natsumi and Ako began to shine brightly. Then, electricity painfully coursed through their bodies. Negi and Kotarou quickly turned their heads in worry. "Natsumi-neechan!"

"Ako-san!"

"Get it? I can treat property like I want to, right?" The thug said with a snicker on his face. Kotarou and Negi looked at the thug angrily, ready to beat the living crap out of him. However, they couldn't risk hurting their students anymore. They needed to get that orb away from him.

Negi and Kotarou got themselves in a sprinting position, ready to get that orb away from the thug but were stopped they felt an increasing ki signature. This was not good. "Negi, Kotarou, step aside," spoke a voice. Everyone turned their attention to the voice with an angry tone. The pebbles and dirt around them began to lift up; a dust swirl was coming into fruition, surrounding a particular person.

A nervous sweat began to slide down the thug's face as he tried to act cool. "Wanna fight?" he asked to the only person that this could possibly be happening to. "It's not going be so easy."

His eyebrows furrowed even further. "I wasn't counting on it," the angry demi-saiyan warrior said as a blazing golden aura surrounded him. Everyone was knocked back a bit by the brute force of the aura. Gohan was mad! How dare they do those kinds of things to his friends! They were going to pay!

The thug was starting to freak out at the sudden display in power coming from Gohan. "H-Hey dude, we can work things out, right?"

"Shut up!" Gohan screamed as he got himself in a stance, ready to pounce on the thug. However that all stopped when an unexpected guest came in.

"What are you doing, you lazy bastards!" exclaimed the Chief as she went fists flying at the thug. She knocked out the orb from the thug's hands thankfully.

The thug shrieked in fear in front of the Chief. "M-Mistress!"

"You've dragged this out to bother the slaves?" the Chief questioned. "Do what you want? You have the wrong idea, boy!"

"I got carried away…"

"No need to explain!" the Chief shouted as she began to deliver punishment on the thug. "These girls are more important to me than your punk ass! What if they got hurt? How will you pay me back? How many times do I have to tell you!"

"Mistress, I'm sorry! Help!" screamed out the thug. At that moment, Ako, due to her fever and the pain caused by the collar, collapsed on the ground. Everyone quickly went to attend as they decided to bring inside the slave quarters for her to recover.



* * *



A few minutes later…

Gohan, Kotarou, Akira, Chisame and Natsumi were all standing outside the door of the slave quarters. As soon as Negi walked out of the room, he was greeted by Akira. Gohan was leaning against the wall as while Natsumi and Kotarou had a conversation between each other. "How did you know?" Kotarou asked, remembering that Natsumi was able to call him out earlier.

"Because your hair and personality are the same!" Natsumi said.

"I thought my disguise was complete! Bad news!" Kotarou said. "If you can figure it out, that means that anyone else can. Anyways, why did you come along when you weren't supposed to? Now you're slaves and owe a lot of money in all this confusion. You brought it upon yourself, you know?"

"I'm sorry," apologized the freckled girl with a slight blush on her face. "It's just that… you wouldn't talk to me. I was worried."

"Huh? Why would you worry about me, Natsumi-neechan?"

"Because…" Natsumi mumbled as she fidgeted around her fingers.

"What?"

"Chizu and I are your guardians! Of course we worry about you!" Natsumi exclaimed. "Stop with that disguise! It's messing with my head!"

"I have to be in disguise! I thought I told you!"

"Shush! A disguise that makes you taller? That's not right!" Gohan chuckled at the scene as he noticed Akira and Negi approaching them.

"How's Izumi-san?" Gohan asked.

"She's fine," Negi replied. Gohan smiled, thankful that nothing bad happened to her.

Akira watched the interaction between Gohan and Negi as well as that of Natsumi and Kotarou. She then noticed something, especially on Gohan and Kotarou. "Um, Nagi-san, can I ask you a question?"

Negi nodded. "Sure."

"This really exists, right?" Akira questioned. "This world, full of magic and strange-looking creatures."

"Yes! I'm sorry about all this."

"No, you did come to save us," Akira said. "Now, one more thing… you referred to us as your students." Chisame flinched once she realized where Akira was going with this. "That's Kotarou-kun in magical disguise. Plus, the person standing next is Gohan-sensei right? He did something similar at the Mahora Budokai during MahoraFest." Now it was Gohan's turn to flinch. This was bad news!

Akira realized something when she pointed out Kotarou and Gohan. "This means… this… means… you're… Negi…" She then fell onto her knees, holding her head. "I've been through so much. But that means…"

"Okochi, forget it!" Chisame said, thwacking Akira's head. "Don't think about this! I'll explain later!"

"Are you okay?" Negi asked worriedly.

"Stay out of this!"

A few minutes later…

"We've got more problems," Chisame stated as she brought Gohan, Negi, Kotarou, Chachamaru and Kazumi outside of the building to have a discussion.

"Um, earlier…" Negi trailed before being interrupted by Chisame.

"Forget about it," she said. "It's too complex for you. Don't let Izumi Ako know your real identity. I'll also let Murakami know."

"O-Okay…"

"Now…" Chisame then pulled out the Ala Alba badge that they had found earlier and tossed it to Kazumi. It would appear that the owner of the badge was Kazumi herself. Kazumi thanked Chisame as well as Saya for grabbing the pin.

"Now that we have everyone here, can you explain us the situation, Kazumi-san?" Gohan asked.

Kazumi smiled. "Of course Gohan-kun," she said. "According to my analysis, I don't think you can get them out by force. Izumi has a terrible disease and was in dire straits. It's a lawless city, so nobody was willing to help them. The boss here passed by and kindly offered medicine. The Ixir, the best medicine in the Magical World. 1 bottle costs 1,000,000 Drachma."

"He had ulterior motives!" Kotarou pointed out.

"The medicine may not have been real!" Chisame added.

"Well, they did sign the IOU. Izumi also is getting better!" Kazumi responded. "I hear as long as the contract's legal, that collar can't be removed by any kind of magic."

"Then I will rip it out," Gohan said. "Our friends shouldn't be subjected to this kind of treatment."

"I hear ya, Gohan-kun but if someone tries to remove it by force… BOOM!" Everyone gaped a bit at the sudden twist. It seemed a bit harsh, no?

"Maybe Asuna-san can remove the spell," Chachamaru commented.

"Could be," Kazumi responded. "But their boss is a powerful man who runs several fighting halls. It will complicate matters if we use force to free them. We'll create many enemies."

"It could also bring unwanted attention towards us," Gohan added. "We can't do that while we are still searching for everyone."

Kazumi nodded. "I think our best option is to pay the money and set them free."

"Sounds like a good idea Kazumi-san, but how are we going to get that kind of money?" Gohan questioned. "It's not like we can rob a bank or something."

"No, there is another way," Negi spoke up, grabbing everyone's attention. He then pointed to a poster that mentioned a number that grabbed everyone's interest. Everyone smiled as they knew what they had to do.



* * *



Author's note: Hey everyone! Hope you all enjoyed the chapter, especially the fight scene against the Golden Oozaru. The reason on why I cut off Gohan's tail will be explained later on.

But anyways, I have an announcement to make. Because of the busy schedule that is coming up for summer school for my program, I am going to be extremely busy for the next two weeks. As a result, I won't be posting a chapter next week or the week after that. The next chapter will come out during the second week of August hopefully. I just pray that I don't get too much work. I really need summer vacation.

READ AND REVIEW! I am greatly enjoying people reviewing more and more often. Please keep it up! See ya around! Peace!





*Chapter 56*: Enter the New Heroes!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. See chapter 1 for details.

Author's note: Hey everyone! I'm back! How are you all doing? It had been a good two weeks for me. Summer school was very long, plus I got sick too. But I'm feeling all better now and writing again. Also, I wanted to give a notice in advance that I am moving closer to Tokyo coming this October! Yay! But that's for another time.

I noticed that some of you were disappointed in not seeing the transformation. That was my plan from the start because that fight is going to foreshadow a few things.

I want to thank Gokai Entertainment for beta reading this chapter! He has been a great help to me! So now, let me present to you all Chapter 56 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 56: Enter the New Heroes! A Life-Death Showdown!

Roars of cheers were heard across the area. Confetti falling from the sky as the crowd began to anticipate for the upcoming event at the Coliseum. Meanwhile, three figures stood in the shadows of one of the gates to the coliseum. "Now you've signed the contract, you can't hold it against us if you get yourselves killed! That's the law of us gladiators! Got it, newbies?"

"Fine with us!"

"But this isn't Ancient Rome. If you break an arm, we can heal it! So don't hold back!"

"Okay! Anything else?"

"Yeah," spoke the thug who had been torturing Ako, Akira and Natsumi earlier but stopped and whose name was Tosaka. "What's with your outfits? You're not dressed in the gladiator attire that I gave you earlier." Tosaka was referring to the two new participants, Negi Springfield and Inugami Kotarou!

"What? You don't like it?" Kotarou questioned. Kotarou was wearing a darkish purple Asian martial arts uniform with a low-cut neckline with a red obi around his waist. His outfit was similar to that of Piccolo's except much more darker and leaning towards all black while Negi wore something different.

He was wearing the orange and blue dogi, the same one that Goku, Goten, Gohan and Kuririn wore except with a few differences. He had dark blue boots with yellowish strips on the bottom edges and without the line running in the middle of the boots from top to bottom, orange baggy pants, a blue dogi belt, and an orange tank-top with a normal blue tank-top underneath it with the sleeves much longer than the original. On the back, there was large symbol '飯' which stood for Han, Gohan's own personal kanji which also meant 'food' interestingly enough.

Tosoka sighed. "I really don't care what you guys wear; just as long as you win. That's all that matters now. Anyways, you guys are our opening act! This is your debut, so really work that crowd!"

Negi and Kotarou nodded. "Right!" With that the two warriors rushed on to the gladiator pit and were immediately welcomed by the loud cheer of the audience. If this weren't Mundus Magicus, everyone would have thought that they had arrived at Ancient Rome, during the Gladiator fight peaks at which Spartacus had made a name for himself.

Negi and Kotarou stood in a bit of awe as they took the crowd's cheering. They also heard over the announcement over the PA. "Fighting season is upon us, and once again we bring you the Granicus Summer Tournament: The Minerva Cup! For our first match, in the west corner, we have two free rookie members of the number one Gladiator team in the area, Granicis Fortes!"

"Wow," commented Negi. "Look at all the spectators." Negi eyed the whole arena, looking out for his friends and students. Luckily, he found them as he had spotted Gohan, Chisame and Chachamaru up in the club level seats along with Chief Kumama, Akira's and Natsumi's boss.

The hanyou chuckled. "This must be the biggest entertainment they have here," Kotarou added. He then looked at Negi's appearance and wondered on something. "Hey, Negi, why are you sporting that outfit?" he asked.

Negi grinned as he replied to the hanyou. "There are many reasons behind it. First off, I just wanted to wear the same colors as Gohan. He said back at the Mahora Budokai that his father, Son Goku-san, wore these colors during the Tenkaichi Budokai to test his skills. Since I am here to do just that, I thought that it would be a good idea to do the same and wear his colors."

Kotarou smiled. "You really look up to Gohan-niisan," he said.

Negi smiled back. "Of course, as you do for Piccolo-san. I am guessing that's why you are wearing his colors instead of sporting a gladiator outfit."

"You got that right. I want to show everyone what school I am coming from. Besides, this feels more natural than wearing that clunky thing that Tosaka was trying to give us."

The boy teacher nodded in agreement. "I agree. I didn't realize this but this outfit gives me a lot of mobility. Besides that, there is another reason on why I am wearing this outfit."

Kotarou lifted one of his eybrows in curiosity. "Oh? And what is that?"

But before Negi could respond, the PA announcer went on again. "And in the East Corner, we have veterans of Hecates, the free Gladiators… the tiger beastman from Argyre, Rao Byron, and a forest pixie from Cerbreus, Lan Fao!" Upon the call, two figures enter from the east gate. Well, to be more precise, one large figure and a really, really small figure appeared. Their description fit what the PA announcer mentioned earlier. It was indeed a tiger beastman with a fairy floating next to him.

"Newcomers, huh?" Rao Byron stated. "Should we crush them, Lan?"

The pixie fairy lifted her fist in agreement. "Yahoo!"

Negi and Kotarou looked at their opponents in curiosity. "That tiny thing's a gladiator, too?" the boy teacher questioned.

"You can't judge from her appearance," Kotarou commented. "They probably use an orthodox advance / rear-guard strategy."

Negi chuckled. "What's so funny?" the hanyou asked.

"Nothing," Negi replied, shaking his head. "For a minute there, you sounded a bit like Piccolo-san." Kotarou blushed slightly at the comment, muttering nonsense. Within moments, Negi and Kotarou got into position.

"You know the rules!" shouted the PA announcer. "The battle is decided when one side gives up or can no longer fight! No restrictions on weapons or magic!"

Meanwhile, up at the club level seats, Gohan leaned over the railing to get a better view while Chachamaru and Chisame had to stand up a bit to see the fight more clearly as it was about to get underway. Chachamaru looked at the field in worry. "Negi-sensei…" Gohan looked at the chibi robot girl in curiosity before noticing Akira and Natsumi coming over to watch as well.

"Kotarou-kun..." Natsumi trailed in worry.

"You guys shouldn't worry too much about those two," Gohan stated, grabbing everyone's attention as they looked at the half-saiyan. "Those two will do just fine. The two from the Hecates should be the ones to worry."

"I hope you are right, Gohan-sensei," Akira said.

Gohan sighed. "Akira-san, remember it's the Golden Warrior," the half-saiyan corrected. "So long as I am a Super Saiyan, you have to call me the Golden Warrior." Akira nodded although Gohan noticed that the girl was blushing when he threw her the Son family signature grin.

Gohan let out another sigh. "I wish I could be there fighting too."

"You know you can't," Chisame reprimanded the demi-saiyan. "Negi-sensei mentioned that he had a plan in store; probably has to do something with the ridiculous outfit that he is wearing. Plus, you would win every match with your incredible strength. It wouldn't be fair to the other fighters."

"I know," Gohan pouted slightly. "But I really wanted to see if they are really strong. It would have been a good experience to learn more about this world."

"Sometimes, I forget that you are part of a crazy fighting fanatic race," Chisame muttered. "Anyways, you wouldn't get much out of it. You are clearly stronger than any of these gladiators."

"True," grinned the half-saiyan. "But having the greater power doesn't necessarily mean that I would always win. There are other ways in winning a match." Gohan then turned his attention to the pit once he noticed the crowd roaring in cheer. "It's finally starting."

And sure enough it did. Rao flashed before the hanyou, surprising Kotarou at the sudden speed. He clearly underestimated his opponent as the tiger beastman went for the strike. Kotarou successfully blocked it but then he noticed that Rao had dropped some seeds around the hanyou. Suddenly, upon finishing her incantation, Lan summoned vines to grab hold of the hanyou.

Kotarou was surprised. He couldn't believe that he fell for such an obvious trick. As he tried to break free from his imprisonment, the tiger beastman appeared in front of him and landed a straight punch to the gut.

Meanwhile, Negi was in the back as he was preparing for a devastating magic spell. Once he reached to a certain level, he unleashed a 97 Series Lucis. Their opponents were ready as Rao stepped back from Kotarou as he placed in front of the incoming attack that was going straight at his pixie fairy friend. Unleashing a powerful roar, Rao successfully stopped the attack from ever approaching Lan. Negi furrowed his eyebrows when he saw that happen. But what came next was a little surprising for him.

The forest pixie, Lan, had also been preparing a devastating magic spell. Once Negi's spell was batted away, Lan unleashed a powerful blast at both Negi and Kotarou. A large explosion rocked the pit. Chisame, Chachamaru, Natsumi and Akira looked on with worry on their faces. Gohan, in the meantime, didn't show any emotion.

But then, suddenly, he let out a small smile as the PA announcer went on. "Oooouch! A big spell right in the first match! Is it all over?"

Rao, the tiger beastman, let out a laugh. "Was that too much for the newbies?" he questioned. "That was over even faster than I thought it would be!"

"Yay yay!" cheered the forest pixie fairy.

"Man, you really are strong," commented a voice next to the tiger beastman. Rao flinched in shock once he saw that it was Kotarou standing right next to him.

"Huh!"

"That's incredible magic for someone so small," Negi added, surprising both Rao and Lan. "I underestimated you."

Rao was in disbelief. "Wha…! Why you… Why aren't you hurt! I know I hit something!"

"Oh you did," Kotarou responded with a grin on his face. "But my master Piccolo-san hits harder than you so I didn't notice your punch. Plus, it didn't hurt at all."

"It sure was a learning experience," the boy teacher added.

Rao flinched but shook his head to get himself from the gutter. He needed to get focused. But he was too slow as Negi and Kotarou were already upon him. A black aura surrounded Kotarou's hand while a bright aura surrounded Negi's hand as they launched a devastating attack upon the tiger beastman. Rao stood no chance as he fell to the ground with a thud. Lan, the forest pixie, waved the white flag in surrender.

The crowd was a bit shocked by this development. They never expected someone, especially Negi and Kotarou, to display such skill. The PA announcer was even surprised by this development. "Wha-what's this! No one saw that coming!"

Natsumi let out a sigh of relief. "Told ya, you had nothing to worry about," Gohan stated. Natsumi smiled at the demi-saiyan as she and Akira were called upon to work again.

Gohan then turned his head towards the pit when he saw the PA announcer, a tanned girl sporting a strange looking outfit that was a bit revealing. She bore bat wings on her back and a devil-tipped tail. If he didn't know any better, he was looking at possibly a Succubus. But that didn't matter as he wanted to hear what she was saying.

"Hello," greeted the PA announcer. "A word with the winners, please!" Negi and Kotarou looked at each other for a moment before they gave the okay to the announcer. "The Rao / Lan duo always ranked towards the top!" continued the announcer. "And you defeated those veterans in a spectacular debut battle! Congratulations!" Looking at Kotarou, the announcer asked, "And what is your name, Mr. Newcomer?"

Kotarou grinned. "Kojirō. Kojirō Ogami! Don't you forget!" The crowd cheered upon hearing the hanyou's alias.

The announcer then pointed her microphone at the boy teacher. "And your name is?" she asked.

Negi nodded as he took the microphone from the announcer. "Excuse me," he said. He hoped that this plan of his would work as he began to speak into the microphone. Taking a deep breath, Negi spoke into the microphone, "My name is…" Everyone stood at the edge of their seats, anticipating in hearing a cool name like the one that Kotarou gave out earlier. However, that would all change once Negi said these words, "My name is… Nagi Springfield."

The coliseum went silent as everyone's eyes flung wide open upon hearing that name. The whole Negi crew was in uproar while Gohan smirked at Negi's gusty decision to use that name. So that's why he's wearing that dogi, Gohan said to himself. I had a feeling but I never expected Negi-san to be so bold. It would make a lot of sense in what we are trying to accomplish. However… Gohan then took a glance around him and noticed the shocked expressions on everyone's faces. I just hope it doesn't lead to trouble.

Meanwhile, back at the pit, Kotarou was vivid. "What the hell are you doing!" Kotarou exclaimed though silently as he didn't want to be picked up on the microphone that was nearby. "We don't know what will happen if you say that name in this world!"

"What do you think will happen?" Negi responded to his friend.

"What!"

"D-Did you just say Nagi Springfield?" the announcer asked, shocked as everyone else. "The exact same name as the Thousand Master? Are you related? Come to think of it, you do look a little… actually, you look exactly like him!"

Negi chuckled slightly. "Oh that," he said with a smile on his face. "That's just a coincidence. We're not related."

"Then it's your name, too?"

"Yes, pure coincidence."

"Then what about your outfit?" the announcer asked. "We've noticed that you wear the kanji for food. Why would you wear such an outfit?"

"Well, mostly because of my master," Negi stated as the Negi crew started to get a nervous sweat. Surely Negi wouldn't be dumb enough to reveal that the kanji that he has on his back was part of Gohan's name. It would be like advertising that he knew Son Gohan. Luckily, the half-saiyan was there to calm everyone down, mentioning that Negi knew what he was doing.

"Your master?"

Negi nodded. "My master really loves to eat a lot of food. So I decided to place the kanji for food on my back. Besides that, ever since I was little, people said all kinds of things because of my name and my face. Even my master! Ha ha ha!"

"Negi!" Kotarou exclaimed but not too loudly.

"It's okay," Negi said, calming the hanyou. "I just gave them a name and a reference to food, that's all. Besides, our 'one stone, three birds' plan is one, earn a million Drachma; two, join up with everyone, especially Makie-san and them; three, while we're at it, train. This should help a lot with two and three."

"It's too dangerous! We don't know what will happen."

"I know," the boy teacher responded. "But wasn't it part of our plan all along to make our names known to an extent?"

"Yeah, but…"

"And besides, when it comes to three, I think you'll like it this way, too, Kotarou-kun," Negi stated as he grabbed the microphone once again from the announcer.

"Huh?"

With a deep breathe, Negi spoke once again through the microphone. "He and I are not related in any way. But I would l like to fight so that I don't disgrace the name of the strongest of all men. I'm waiting for powerful opponents! Please give me everything you've got!" And with that, the crowd went wild with cheer, grateful to watch a match as well as the debut the one who carries the name of Nagi Springfield. They couldn't wait to see Kotarou's and Negi's next match.



* * *



One week later...

News about Negi's declaration had spread across the Magical World as well as his victories. He would usually pair up with Kotarou but there were some matches in which Gohan came in as well. Plus, with every victory that Negi, Gohan and Kotarou had earned, Negi would add another message to his post-match interview. For example, in his last one, he clearly referenced to Maki and Yuna as well as mentioning about how certain classmates and the Golden Warrior were with him and his group. Hopefully, the message got across to them.

After one particular match, Negi exited the coliseum. Upon entering the stairs to the outisde of the building, he was greeted by Tosaka and he wasn't very happy. "Keh. So you won again today."

"Were you betting on my opponent?" Negi asked.

"I bet on you." Negi let out a small smile as which irritated Tosaka. "I don't like you!" he screamed as he watched Negi continue walking down the stairs. "But I know damn well how strong you are!"

"Why, thank you."

"But don't get cocky! The guys in the strongest class aren't like these guys!"

"I know," Negi said as he was suddenly greeted by a Super Saiyan Son Gohan. The boy teacher smiled brightly. "Gohan!"

"Yo!" Gohan greeted. "Saw your match. Impressive stuff."

"Thanks Gohan," Negi said as he bowed his slightly.

"What's wrong, Negi-san?" the half-saiyan asked with worry in his tone.

Negi flinched as he wailed his arms around. "N-Nothing is wrong Gohan!" he said. "Anyways, we should meet up with everyone else." Negi hoped that Gohan would buy it and luckily, he did.

"Okay." With that, Negi and the demi-saiyan warrior met up with the rest of the Negima crew.

"Hey Negi-kun," greeted Kazumi. "I was watching your national broadcast. Congratulations."

"Thank you, Asakura-san," Negi said.

"Now that we are all here," Gohan spoke up, grabbing attention of everyone in the group, "I believe thanks to Negi-san, we've passed through stage two of our plan."

"I wonder if that message I gave out earlier will get to Makie-san and all the others," Negi wondered.

"Don't worry about it Negi-kun," Kazumi stated. "Thanks to your Dad's name value, you should have a lot of exposure with the media. Now all we can do is believe in everyone and pray for good luck."

"Let's review what we know then," Gohan commented. "Kazumi-san?"

Kazumi gave a nod to the demi-saiyan. "Yes. If we put together the information that we have gathered in the past week, it looks like all eleven gateports in the magical world were really destroyed in that incident. All the bridges to the real world are closed off. It will take at least two, three years to restore them."

"We're in the worst possible situation," Chisame commented.

"Yes, but there is one option; the ruined city Ostia! Until the war broke out 20 years ago, it was an ancient capital, known for its natural beauty. But now it's almost all ruins, and has become a tourist town," Kazumi explained. "In that ghost city, there's a gate that's not currently in use. Fate's gang hasn't attacked this one, and the gate is only suspended; it's still working, for now."

"In other words, we should go to that city to get to the real world," Kotarou said. "No, the only way is to go to that ghost city."

"Yes," Chachamaru added. "But, very fortunately for us, in one month, they're holding the finals for the National Martial Arts Tournament in that city. There will be a festival to commemorate the end of the war 20 years ago. So everyone's expecting a big turnout and a lot of excitement."

"The most important thing about it is the prize money!" Kazumi said as she pointed to the same poster that Negi had mentioned before one week ago. "The prize money for these national finals is one million Drachma! On top of that, it's kind of a rough festival, so it's just asking for wanted criminals like us to show up."

"So, in other words, our three goals: one, pay off the debt; two, meet up with everyone; three, go back home might all be accomplished at this festival," Chisame said with a smile on her face.

"And we settle everything… I love it!" Kotarou said with a grand smile on his face as he clenched his fist. "We've gotten our butts kicked all over the place, but it looks like the wind is finally blowing in our favor."

"However, there is a problem," Gohan mentioned, stopping Kotarou's cheering a bit. "In order to be in that tournament, we have to win the right to participate. You guys think you can do that?"

Negi and Kotarou both nodded. "Of course Gohan," Negi responded. "Besides, it will be all right. If we all get beaten here, there's nothing left to talk about."

Kotarou sighed. "I just wished they had stronger opponents for us to fight against. The ones that we've been facing haven't been that great."

"I have to agree with you but you shouldn't get too cocky, Kotarou-san," Gohan commented. "This is a good way for us train. As Negi-san mentioned earlier, entering as a Gladiator is giving us good experience on how to deal with magic attacks."

"You're right Gohan," Negi added. "The only magical opponents that we've faced were Master, Chao-san, Ku:Nel-san and… Fate." Negi furrowed his eyebrows a bit upon mentioning the white haired boy's name as he clenched his fists angrily.

Gohan needed to change the subject fast as he noticed the look on Negi's face. But before he could say anything, Kotarou intervened. "I guess if we want to fight stronger opponents at that tournament, we need to win at least ten more matches in order for us to have the right to participate," he said. "Let's do it then!"

"And we'll make our move, too," Chisame said. "We can trace the badges' signals; we don't have to just wait around."

Gohan smiled as he brought his hand forward. The others follow suit except for Chisame as Chachamaru had gotten hold of her hand and placed it in the pile. "To Ostia in a month!" they all shouted. "Negima club, fight!"

Later that night, after the meeting, Negi decided to do some walking around as he wanted to be alone for a little bit. He began to ponder on some things for example, Fate Averruncus and General Rilldo. I don't know who they are or what they're trying to do… but there's no doubt that destroying the gates was part of their plan, Negi deduced to himself as he walked around the city of Granicus.

What was interesting was that General Rilldo. He seemed very determined in killing Gohan after hearing that he was a Saiyan. Why? And who was this Kureeza that they kept referring to? There are so many unanswered questions to ponder about. Most importantly is the one remaining, suspended gate. Will they leave it alone? Negi asked himself. There's a strong possibility that we'll come face-to-face with Fate, General Rilldo and their group again. As much as I hate saying it, I can't beat him the way I am now! If I don't have the power to beat him, this plan will fail. I'm missing, something. Something…



* * *



The next day…

"Now!" shouted the announcer as they were about to begin Negi's fourteenth match with Kotarou as his partner this time around. "Is he related to the old hero by blood? Or is he the man himself? All kinds of rumors and speculations have been flying around about our competitor, Nagi, the talk of the Gladiator World! Including tag-team battles with Kojirō and the mysterious Golden Warrior, Nagi has won thirteen straight battles in the week since his debut! In a Gladiator world where you normally need at least three days to rest between each battle, this is an incredible feat!"

As they were about to get the match underway, Negi looked at Kotarou for a few moments. He was starting to feel nervous in asking this question as he felt he couldn't ask the demi-saiyan for the answer. Gohan would mention that he wasn't missing anything but Kotarou had spotted it beforehand. He had to risk it. "K-Kotarou-kun, about what we were talking about the other day."

"Nh?"

"You know… about what I'm lacking?" Negi asked.

"Yeah, I remember," Kotarou replied. "It was around the time after we cut off Gohan-niisan's tail when he had transformed into that Giant Ape. What about it?"

"I thought I could level up a little by fighting battle after battle as a gladiator but I am beginning to agree with you and Gohan."

"What do you mean, Negi?"

"I have this feeling that this isn't enough. Something's missing. You know, you said it before. That I'm…"

"Oh, that!" Kotarou said as he pounded his fist into his other hand. "That's right. What you need to get stronger… is basically… A finishing move." He said that with a glint in his eye and looking all super cool. "That's what we're talking about, right?"

"A FINISHING MOVE?" Negi exclaimed. "What! That's not what you said, it was…"

"What are you talking about? A finishing move is important, you know," Kotarou explained. "Everyone at least has one. Even Gohan-niisan is sure to have one. Your original something-or-other Hoken series isn't bad, but… you have so much more, y'know? Like a Negi Beam or something."

"I do not!"

"I thought of them."

"Stop joking around! Didn't you say I'm not stupid enough or something?"

"Huh? Did I say that?"

"Kotarou-kun!" While the two boys had been arguing between themselves, the match had already started. Their opponents were starting to get really mad that they were getting ignored. As result, they decided to attack while Kotarou and Negi weren't looking. However, the surprise attack didn't become a surprise after all as Kotarou and Negi simply battered the two away as they continued to argue.

Meanwhile, the crowd went wild with cheer as Negi and Kotarou had just won another match. "Instant KO!" shouted the announcer. "The Nagi / Kojirō team makes its miraculous fourteenth win in a row!"

Gohan let out a sigh as he was watching from the stands and covered up in a cloak so as to not get pestered by their new fan club. Negi of course got his own due to him using his father's name but Gohan got himself one too. It was definitely something that he didn't want to run into. As he continued to look at Negi and Kotarou arguing at the coliseum pit, he muttered, "At least pay attention to when a match is going."

Gohan decided to get away from the coliseum. Man, the lack of quality fighters is not doing any good for any of us, Gohan said to himself. If we are to face against Fate, Rilldo and their lackeys, we need to get some quality fighters that can actually push us. But on second thought, maybe it might be my fault that we are in this situation. I did push Negi-san and Kotarou-san a lot in increasing their strength. However, Fate and Rilldo are stronger than they appear. I didn't think that Fate was that strong. I heard that he had gotten some 'upgrades' but from where?

Suddenly, Gohan felt something; a huge spike in ki. He frowned his eyebrows as he glanced around. Wh-What is this? Gohan asked himself. This ki… it's huge! It's unlike anything I have felt ever since I got to Mundus Magicus. Then, the demi-saiyan warrior sensed another one but this wasn't as huge as the other one he sensed earlier. But this ki… felt troubling to the half-saiyan. He better look into it before something bad happened.



* * *



Meanwhile…

After the match, Negi and Kotarou walked down the stairs as the hanyou had finally remembered what Negi was referring to. "Not stupid enough?" Kotarou repeated. "Oooohh. Yeah, I did say that, didn't I? That was just something I came up with. Don't worry about it."

"Kotarou-kun!"

"Fine, fine. I guess I have to explain," the hanyou said. "Y'know, what your scary Master said, remember? That Asuna-neechan was more like the Thousand Master than you."

"Y-Yeah…"

"Let's compare the two," Kotarou said. "An average, ordinary Junior High girl… or so you thought, but she's actually the possessor of an extremely rare power: Kagurazaka Asuna. The most powerful magician, the hero also known as the Thousand Master: Nagi Springfield!"

"Okay…"

"What both have in common is basically… stupidity."

"Eehh!" Negi exclaimed. "Really?"

"That's why I said I made it up myself," Kotarou replied. "Don't take it so seriously. But that Asuna-neechan. She's got talent. It's true; she might have something you don't, something you need to be strong."

"I see…"



* * *



An hour later…

After talking with Kotarou about what he lacked, Negi proceeded to walk around the city as he always did. He liked doing as he could ponder all he wanted and not get bothered by others. He was remembering what Kotarou had mentioned earlier after Negi said to himself that he needed to get stronger.

That vibe from Asuna-san, Negi said to himself, now that he puts it that way, I guess you could call it stupidity. Asuna-san is definitely strong; her power to act, power to make decisions, boldness, optimism, and tenacity. But, it would be impossible for me to be like Asuna-san just like that.

As much he tried to think, it was no use for the boy teacher. This was just too much for him. "What I'm lacking…" Negi muttered. "What I'm lacking… Maybe it really is… a finishing move. Or something…"

"What's this about a finishing move?" spoke up that caused Negi to flinch in surprise.

"Huh?" Negi said, flabbergasted by having someone hear about him talking about a finishing move. "No, I was… I didn't really…"

"Heh heh heh," chuckled the mysterious stranger. Negi turned around to see this mysterious person cloaked and enjoying himself a fine meal. "There's nothing to be embarrassed about. You mean a move that, if it hits, won't fail to kill, right? Nothing wrong with that. It's only natural for a man to have a finishing move or two."

"A-And you are…?" Negi asked. However, once he got a good look at the mysterious man's face, Negi's eyes widened. Huh? Have I seen this man before?

"I'm not saying I won't teach you, but… I know!" The mysterious said. "I'll need five hundred thousand Drachma for training you, two hundred thousand for designing the move, and a ten percent copyright fee for each finishing move."

Negi stood speechless. Wasn't this considered highway robbery! "Who are you, and what are you talking about!" Negi shouted.

"Heh," grinned the mysterious man. "You'd better worry less about me and more about what's hanging over your own head. Mr. Celebrity."

"What?" Suddenly, Negi felt it. A ki signature was right above him! But just as he looked up, shadow blade came crashing down to the ground, almost cutting off Negi's head. Luckily, he had dodged the black ribbon by the skin of his teeth, a deep gash right on his right cheek. If the mysterious man hadn't warned him, the boy teacher wouldn't have sensed it coming.

"That almost got your life," spoke the mysterious man. "That'll be a thousand Drachma for the warning."

Negi stood dumbfounded at the mysterious man. How greedy was this guy? But that didn't matter right now to Negi. He turned his head around to see a shadowy figure approaching him. It was a tall figure, dressed in black. His arms surrounded by black ribbons and a black cape that flapped in the wind. What was the most interesting feature of this character was his mask. His mask was that of a jester's but not funny. His mouth was in a frown and a tear was coming from its drawn eye.

Negi stared at the shadow figure intently. "Who's there?" he cried out, hoping to hear something from this mysterious person. But before he did anything, Negi saw a long black ribbon shooting past his face, missing by no more than three inches. This was not good.

Meanwhile, on the other side of town, Gohan was running along the merchant's row, looking around for Negi. "Damn," the demi-saiyan muttered. Where is Negi-san? Gohan asked himself. I need to find him and quickly to tell him about these unknown ki signatures that I am feeling. But his ki is bouncing all over the place. Why? As soon as Gohan said that to himself, he heard noises coming from the opposite direction.

The half-saiyan looked up and saw a series of buildings getting crushed to bits. "What!" Gohan cried out. This wasn't a daily occurrence. Someone was fighting! But who? Gohan tried to sense the ki signatures and immediately recognized one of them. Negi-san! His eyes widened, wondering who in the world would try to fight Negi. Then, he realized the other ki signature, the one he felt something… different about it. He needed to help his friend!

As the half-saiyan rushed towards where Negi and the shadowy figure where, a tall tower completely split into pieces and fell onto the street as debris. The boy teacher was curious about this shadowy fighter as he continued to dodge the shadow's attacks. Negi knew that his own ki was stronger than his opponent but there was something uncomfortable about the shadowy figure's ki. Plus, he was having trouble avoiding the incoming blows from the black ribbons as they sliced everything in their path. If it weren't for Gohan's training, Negi would have been cut into pieces.

Negi and the shadowy figure landed on opposite roofs as the results of the shadowy figure's slices were heard across the city. "I've come in answer to your call, Nagi Springfield," announced the tall man dressed in black. "I am Kagetarō of Bosporus. I challenge you to a fair fight."

Fair fight? "Wait, please!" Negi pleaded. "If we fight here, the city will…!"

"STOP YOUR WHINING!" shouted a rugged voice. Negi turned around to see the mysterious greedy person from before was the one who did the shouting. But this time, the hood over his head was gone as he noticed that this person was a tall man with tanned skin and a giant mass of wild white hair with two long pieces in the front. He also wore a magenta bandana on his forehead, casting a shadow over his eyes.

"The guys here are all used to this kind of commotion," continued the mysterious person. "Besides, from what we've seen that guy's serious. If you don't keep your eyes pointed forward too, you'll die, you know."

"Wha?" Leaping and shifting across the rooftops, Kagetarō honed in on his assault. Negi blocked some of his punches and kicks, but most of them connected. After barely avoiding a kick, he began attacking, only to miss or have his attacks blocked.

Fists clashed and the ground trembled beneath them. However, it was not to last. Having just gotten into the fight, Negi was quickly losing ground. Kagetarō was pounding on him.

Negi scrambled away at the last second, Kagetarō's ribbons missing him by mere inches. He threw a punch at the back of his head, but he moved and the boy teacher was left completely open for the vicious right he drove into his belly that lifted him completely off the roof. Pain exploded in his stomach and he hit the roof a second later, clutching at his belly and barely able to breathe.

Kagetarō then went for the killing blow. Launching three of his shadow ribbons, they struck Negi at his back. The shadowy figure showed no expression underneath his mask once the blow landed on the boy teacher. However, within moments, the image of Negi Springfield started to fade away, leaving behind an afterimage. Kagetarō jerked in surprise. "An afterimage?" he stated.

Suddenly, Negi appeared behind the shadowy figure, ready to land a blow on him. However, Kagetarō was quicker than Negi had estimated as another black ribbon came crashing down from the sky. Negi was able to dodge the cut at the last second, missing his face by mere centimeters but he was shocked at these turn of events. This man is seriously coming after me! Negi said to himself as he stared at the shadowy figure. This is a real life-threatening duel… a real battle to the death.

"It's been awhile since anyone has lasted through more than three attacks," Kagetarō stated. "Good. It's as it should be."

The mysterious person grinned. "Oh my, my," he said, "looks like the other guest has arrived." He turned his head back to see a blazing golden light approaching them. Upon closer inspection, it was Son Gohan, rushing towards them!

"Negi-san!" Gohan cried as he shot across the sky. He looked in the distance and noticed a slightly battered Negi as he had been trying to dodge Kagetarō's attacks but kept on being pounded by them.

Gohan gritted his teeth. The half-saiyan knew that Negi had the stronger ki but it would seem that the shadowy figure's attacks were… strange. He at first thought of Takane's shadow technique but it was totally different. It was as if the black ribbons had a mind of their own. This was bad! These ribbons were definitely faster than anything that Negi should have encountered, other than Fate.

Gohan knew what he had to do. Negi needed help. But as soon as he got close to the battle, he saw an arm raised up; a large muscular tanned arm to be more precise. Gohan stopped in mid-flight, floating up in the air and staring at the one who had raised his arm. "What are you doing?" the half-saiyan asked angrily, his blazing golden aura chirping.

"This is the little boy's fight," the mysterious person stated. "You shouldn't interfere."

"Little boy?" Gohan repeated, wondering where the mysterious person got that information because there were two grown men in front of them. Then the half-saiyan realized it. No, it couldn't be! This guy knows about Negi-san! "Don't tell me you know about…"

"Just shut up and watch," the mysterious person interrupted. "I think you will find something interesting."

"Interesting?"

Meanwhile, Negi stared intently at the shadowy figure. If it weren't for Gohan's and Master's training, I would have been dead by now, the boy teacher said to himself. This guy is strong. I haven't fought like this since my fight with Artificial Human No. 17b. But… a strong enemy… the real thing… Suddenly, Negi's face changed. Finally... Letting a loud war cry, Negi unleashed a lot of magic power and ki that surprised everyone even Gohan.

"N-Negi-san…" Gohan muttered. Where did he get that strength from?

Putting his palms out to the side, Negi collected both ki and magic energies in his hands. Once he combined the two elements, a bright aura surrounded the boy teacher. Gohan's eyes widened, surprised at the increase power coming from Negi. However, Gohan was starting to believe that something didn't feel right about Negi's power-up. It felt… strange and… dark.

"Impressive. I didn't know the hatchling knew the Kankaho," the mysterious person said. "This should be more interesting than before." Gohan turned his attention at the tanned man. He stared at him, wondering who this person was and how he knew so much about Negi. But this attention was suddenly taken away from him when the second round of Negi's battle had begun.

Suddenly, Negi unleashed his attack on Kagetarō as he put his palms out in front of him and fired two beams at the shadowy fighter. Kagetarō slowed and skipped out of the way, avoiding the first two shots. But more shots came and he barely had enough time to avoid the next few shots, jumping from side to side while progressing towards his opponent. The beams passed by him, grazing his arms once or twice but never hitting. Finally, after having all he could take, Kagetarō halted and took a defensive stance. Negi used this opportunity and blasted him with a Kamehame-Ha.

With quick reflexes, Kagetarō held up his hand and deflected Son Goku's signature technique heading towards him by using his shadow ribbons. Then, Kagetarō cranked back his hand and threw it forward. His shadow ribbons flew at Negi at an alarming rate. The boy teacher however was prepared. He leapt to the side and avoided it.

That moment of distraction allowed Kagetarō to make his way up to him, flashing in and out of super speed to confuse his opponent. Negi's eyes shifted, but didn't catch Kagetarō until he was right in front of him. The shadowy fighter sent a powerful punch straight into his face, toppling the boy teacher and sending him flying.

Negi flew backwards above the rooftops and then stopping his momentum with a burst of ki. He glared at the shadowy fighter with a bruised and bleeding face. Negi charged back, clashing with Kagetarō in the center. Both fighters sent flurries of punches at each other, flashing through the air at incredible speeds. After a quick, relentless brawl, the two broke away. As soon as it ended, Negi powered up a ki blast and threw it at Kagetarō.

Kagetarō side stepped in mid-air, avoiding the blast. Then, watching Negi close in on his sights, Kagetarō powered up his own attack. With a yell, he sent a series of black ribbons Negi's way.

But it was not going to work as Negi used another afterimage as the attack went through him. Then, appearing behind Kagetarō, Negi sent a walloping kick right into Kagetarō's backside, sending him rocketing skywards. The boy teacher dropped to the ground before shooting up into the sky after the shadowy figure. Kagetarō continued to soar, whereas Negi pursued.

After realizing that momentum was losing on him and that the pain in his backside had subsided, Kagetarō spun through the air and stopped, facing down towards the city again. He saw Negi flying at him, hands up and back in a moving stance, ready to attack. The shadowy fighter pulled back his hand, throwing it forward and unleashing a more powerful attack. "CENTUM LANCEAE UMBRAE!" Kagetarō cried.

The attack was incredible for he sent millions of black ribbons and looked to be able to consume Negi without any trouble whatsoever. But that was not to be. Crossing his arms over his face, Negi spun through the air like a tornado funnel, his aura bursting around him. "IMPERECTUS ENSIS EXSEQUENS!" When the attack struck, it was chopped to bits rather than going through him. When it was completely out, Negi stopped and flew on, disappearing into super speed.

Kagetarō searched the skies for his opponent as soon as he couldn't follow the boy teacher. It seemed as though he had lost all sight of Negi Springfield, but he was soon to be relieved of all tension when Negi appeared once more. This time, he was behind him again. Kagetarō wheeled around, shocked.

Negi let out a growl, bringing his left fist back and clenching it. A bright orb of energy formed around his fist, crackling with pure and raw energy clashing together. With the charges in place, Negi threw his left fist out in Taikwondo style, letting out a raw and announcing the title of this attack. "EMITTAM!"

The attack hit on target but something bad happened. In the process, Negi's left arm was cut off completely by one of Kagetarō's black ribbons. Then, the shadowy fighter sent one of his shadow ribbons straight through Negi's abdomen. Negi spurted out some blood due to the blow. Gohan's eyes flung wide open. "NEGI-SAN!" he cried. He was about to rush in to support his friend when he noticed a blur pass by him that caught him a little bit by surprise.

Meanwhile, Negi was held in the same spot due to Kagetarō's black ribbon that had impaled his stomach. "Impressive," commented the black robed man. "And yet… so close. I win."

Negi glared at the shadow man as he pulled the ribbon out and back up a bit from his opponent. Just as his severed arm came down and hit the ground, Negi fisted his remaining hand. "I… I still have my right arm!" Crackling with pure and raw energy that the boy teacher was unable to unleash the last time, Negi threw his right fist out. "EMITTAM!"

"What!"

However, just before the two warriors were about to land their blows, they were suddenly stopped by an unlikely figure. "Heh, heh. That was a pretty good show," spoke a voice. Negi looked up to see who had stopped him. It was a tall man with tanned skin and a giant mass of wild white hair with two long pieces in the front. He had on a small short sleeved blue jacket with a high collar, white pants, a pair of black shoes and a magenta bandana on his forehead, casting a shadow over his eyes. But the most noticeable feature about this man was his muscles. He was covered with them.

The mysterious man, now full revealed and out of his cloak, grinned at the boy teacher. "But let me take care of this fight."

Kagetarō jumped back a bit as he realized who the mysterious person was. "You!" shouted the shadow man. "You're from Ala Rubra! Rakan of the Thousand Blades!"

"What…?" muttered Gohan. He had heard the name Ala Rubra before from Takane as she had mentioned that was the group that Negi's father, Nagi Springfield, had formed. He didn't expect to see someone like him here!

"Ridiculous. This is impossible," commented Kagetarō. "All of Ala Rubra except for Eishun and Takamichi have gone missing!"

Rakan grinned. "Ala Rubra? I have no idea what you're talking about," he said. "So what if I was one of them Ala-whatsits?"

Kagetarō smirked underneath his mask. "Then I have no need to fight that nobody boy over there. I couldn't have wished for more!" With a burst of energy, Kagetarō hurled himself at Rakan in a charge, moving into attack. Rakan floated up slightly, ready to meet his opponent's blunt assault. The shadow man struck out with a black ribbon, with Rakan meeting it and grabbing it with only two fingers.

Kagetarō then threw a right straight punch after pulling his black ribbon back, only for Rakan to spin around and crack the side of his left fist against it, stopping Kagetarō's attacks. Rakan's parrying was swift and brief, and when he blocked that last attack, he then sent a powerful, right hook across the shadowy man's chest. Kagetarō was sent hurling across the sky, with Rakan in hot pursuit.

Negi looked at the battle with interest while Gohan appeared next to him to attend to his injuries. "Negi-san," Gohan said, trying to grab the boy teacher's attention, but it was no use. Negi was so focused on the battle between Rakan and Kagetarō, and soon Gohan was as well.

Meanwhile, Rakan appeared above Kagetarō as he flew on, the shadow warrior caught completely off guard at the sudden speed. Reacting quickly, he threw three black ribbons straight for Rakan, only for him to phase out and reappear behind the shadow warrior, directly in his path. Pulling his left leg back, far Rakan sent it up into Kagetarō, knocking him skywards.

The shadow warrior let out a yell of pain as he spun and twirled, stopping many stories above the earth. Turning around, he prepared for another attack. Rakan was quickly upon him, appearing out of thin air in front of Kagetarō and sending a straight punch into his stomach. Kagetarō was struck full on by the blow and sent upwards a bit. He put his hands over the new wound, only to receive a quick, strike kick in the face and sent plummeting to the ground, with Rakan following.

Within moments, the two warriors had landed on the roofs. Kagetarō was able to stop at this point and flew backwards to create distance. Kagetarō pulled back his right hand and threw it forward with a yell. With this, he unleashed a concentrated cluster blast except they were multiple black ribbons, shooting straight for Rakan.

Rakan was ready for this as he pulled out an unlikely object; a pactio! "ADEAT!" he screamed as he too sent a concentrated cluster blast of white ribbons at Kagetarō's black ribbons. The two opposing ribbons collided, explosions rocking across the sky. Gohan, as he watched the two ribbons clash against one another, realized that the huge ki signature had belonged to Rakan. Now, the question now was if he was friend or foe?

Kagetarō, meanwhile, was starting to get annoyed, especially at his failed assault against Rakan. "Guh," he grunted. "That's absurd! That's the famed artifact, renowned as completely invincible and unmatched, capable of transforming into any weapon."

Rakan, the muscle man, grinned. "Yup." Suddenly, his pactio began to light up as suddenly he was surrounded by a multitude of swords and weapons. "Artifact O IROS META CHILION PROSOPON!" Then, within a moment, Rakan launched his attack. The shadow man was shocked when he saw the wave of swords approach him. Not knowing how to block it, he crossed his arms over his face as swords surrounded him. Once he saw that Kagetarō was immobilized, Rakan pulled his right hand about and formed a giant sword that shocked everyone watching, including Gohan. "Warship Slicing Sword, ZANKANKEN!" Then, he threw it forward, the concentrated energy he had built up unleashed. The giant sword flew at the shadow warrior and struck him. The area then exploded with incredible force, sending debris everywhere.

Gohan and Negi were both amazed at the impressive attack coming from Rakan. As soon as Rakan touched down, they all looked at the destroyed area. A highly damaged Kagetarō emerged from the debris. "Gh," grunted the shadow man, holding onto an open wound. "Not yet. This isn't enough to…"

"Give it up," Rakan interrupted. "If I was really trying, that would have turned you to poppy seed. And what's more, I'm stronger unarmed."

"If it means getting revenge for what you did in that war, I don't regret losing my life!"

"Oh, what's this? So you got beat up by us, too?" Rakan asked. "All right. If you want to fight me that badly, you can do it after you beat my disciple here, in an official Gladiator Match at the Arena."

Gohan's eyes widened a bit. "What?"

Kagetarō, meanwhile, was starting to get intrigued. "Disciple… you say?"

Rakan nodded. "Yeah. He's still in training," he said. "He may look like this, but he's only ten years old." Gohan frowned his eyebrows. I knew it, he said to himself.

"What!" Kagetarō yelled in shock.

"Shows promise, doesn't he? Just you wait and see."

Kagetarō was unsure on what to do. He began to ponder on his options. If Rakan said was true that he was holding back, then he might as well test it out. On the other hand, the shadow man noticed the blonde fighter next to Rakan and Negi and immediately knew that that fighter possessed an incredible amount of power. Maybe it was time to make a timely retreat and begin a new plan. "I look forward to it," Kagetarō said. "You better hold to your promise, Rakan of the Thousand Blades."

Rakan grinned. "Count on it." With that, Kagetarō left the area, leaving behind Rakan, Gohan and a heavily injured Negi Springfield.

As soon as the threat was gone, Gohan turned his attention at Rakan. "Rakan-san…"

"I'm sure you have many questions but right now, I'm here for the boy," Rakan said as he went over to Negi. "Yo, kid! You want power, don't you? When you're all healed up, come see me. You might be able to get what you're after."

"What thing?" Gohan asked. He was about to go on with his questioning before he heard Negi mutter.

"Power…" And with that, the boy teacher flew flatly on the ground with a thud, holding onto his injured arm.

Gohan's eyes widened in worry. "Negi-san!"



* * *



Author's note: Hey everyone! Hope you all enjoyed the chapter, especially the new costumes that I made for Kotarou and Negi as well as naming Gohan the Golden Warrior. Wanted to differentiate from what Fate called Gohan with the Gold Fighter.

Also, I'm sure some of you will complain on how Negi is stronger than Kagetarō, especially after doing Gohan's training regime and while that is true, Kagetarō is much faster than Negi, something he never experienced. I'm trying to deviate from some of the DBZ thing like the person with the stronger ki mostly will win. There are other factors involved and since Kagetarō was trying to kill Negi, it makes sense.

READ AND REVIEW! I want to hear from everyone, including some that have been with me since the beginning! You know who you are and I miss your reviews! It was brighten my day! Well, see ya around! Peace!





*Chapter 57*: Meet Rakan, the Invincible Idiot!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. See chapter 1 for details.

Author's note: Hey everyone! How are you all doing? Hope you guys are doing well. I just finished my short summer vacation in Sendai which was cool. I might not go back after a while though since I am moving to Tokyo in October.

Anyways, I noticed that not many people reviewed the last chapter. You guys didn't like it? I thought it was a good chapter. I know that Gohan is the central character but the side characters are going to to have some of the spotlight in the next few chapters. Trust me, I am just amping up the story. But please, keep the reviews up. I really, really like reading them. PLEASE REVIEW!

I want to thank Gokai Entertainment for beta reading this series! He has been a great help. Now, let me present to you all Chapter 57 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 57: A New Training Regime Begins! Meet Rakan, the Invincible Idiot!

Gohan flew across the skies of the city in a rush; Negi on his shoulder and in pain. "Don't you dare die on me, Negi-san!" Gohan shouted as he quickly flew towards the arena. As soon as he landed, he was greeted by the hanyou.

"Gohan-niisan, what's going on? What the hell was that ki?" Kotarou asked.

"Never mind that Kotarou-san! Negi-san needs medical attention and quickly!" Kotarou looked at the boy teacher that was on the demi-saiyan's shoulder and realized that Gohan was telling the truth. Negi needed help and fast! Soon, they were greeted by Tosaka and thanks to him, they were quickly able to get some medical mages to come and help.

They put Negi on a stretcher and rushed him to the Magical World's version of an Emergency Room. Gohan hoped that the girls wouldn't hear about what happened to Negi but word got out quickly. As soon as they entered the medical wing of the arena, they were greeted upon by Ako, Natsumi and Akira. "Tosaka-san! Golden Warrior-san!" cried Ako in worry as she saw Negi's condition.

"Ah?" Tosaka said as he turned his attention towards the girls. "Oh, it's you. Listen, get out of the way! Go!"

"But…" Ako trailed before getting soft pat on the shoulder from Gohan. "Golden Warrior-san…"

"Don't worry Ako-san," Gohan said. "Tosaka-san is very worried about Nagi-san. That's why they are taking him immediately for treatment."

"Golden Warrior-san, I heard Nagi-san got really hurt in a duel. Is Nagi-san… Is Nagi-san going to be okay?"

Gohan nodded. "He'll be fine. He will heal. His arm's been cut off at the elbow but the guy who cut it was good, so they can stick it back without any problems."

"HIS ARM!" All of the girls shouted, getting a confused look from Gohan. Then he noticed that Ako had passed out from the information. He shrieked. He didn't mean for that to happen. He was sure that Ako was extremely worried about Negi. And so was he.

As the emergency operation was going on ahead in the room called 'the Chirurgicum', Ako, Natsumi and Akira all stood outside of the emergency room while the others were further away. Chisame had a few angry veins popping out on her head. "Tch," she grunted. "Being damn reckless, that idiot…" She then glared at the half saiyan. "Why the hell didn't you stop him!"

Gohan began to flail his arms. "Chisame-san, I couldn't get involved with his fight," lied the demi-saiyan. "I felt that this would be a good learning experience for him."

Chisame scuffed. "I think I understand why Kagurazaka is always so worried about you two," she muttered.

"Eh?" Gohan said with a confused look on his face.

"Oh, don't say that, Nee-chan," Kotarou stated. "Any real man's gotta be at least this reckless. As long as he's not dead, it's all good."

"Oh, what's this, Kojirō? We actually agree for once," Tosaka commented. "Thought he was just some spoiled kid blessed with talent, but's he actually got some backbone. I underestimated him."

"I don't need you to agree with me, Tosaka!" Kotarou shouted.

"The hell? I was giving you a compliment!"

Gohan let out a sigh as Tosaka and Kotarou started to get into an argument. The half-saiyan stared at the room where Negi was at. Please don't die on me, Negi-san, Gohan said to himself.



* * *



Meanwhile…

It was a bright, sunny day today with the skies clear and blue, allowing the light to shine down upon the planet, warming it. Far and wide you could see the wonders the world had created, as well as the flora and fauna that flourished. This land was untouched by human activities, leaving it pure and clean. And in the midst of this beautiful land was a waterfall. Underneath the pouring water, cleaning her white wings, stood Sakurazaki Setsuna.

As she was cleaning her wings, Setsuna let out a smile. "Oh, that feels good," she muttered. She then looked up towards the sky, thinking about her comrades. Negi-sensei… Konoka-ojou-sama… Gohan-kun… I wonder how they are doing, Setsuna thought to herself. Then, suddenly, her senses flared up. Quickly turning around, she blocked the incoming attacks coming from behind her. Setsuna noticed they were logs which means…

Out of nowhere, Asuna appeared! Setsuna's eyes widened a bit at the sudden speed. She used Shundo to get behind me? She wondered as she raised her defenses. She blocked and continuously evaded quick, powerful strikes, ducking and side stepping. Seeing openings, she attacked as well, forcing Asuna back. Asuna blocked and dodged Setsuna's attacks as well, moving forward and attacking again with a large grin on her face.

However she met with resistance when suddenly a crimson blazing aura surrounded the swordswoman. Due to the increased speeds that came with the technique, Setsuna broke through Asuna's defenses by elbowing Asuna across the face when she accidentally dropped her guard. Setsuna watched her stagger a bit before grinning. "Wonderful! That was splendid, Asuna-san!" Setsuna complimented.

"What are you talking about? That was awful!" rebutted the orange haired girl. "Grrr! The Kaio-ken, huh? That's no fair, using the Kaio-ken, Setsuna-san! You're too strong when you use that technique!"

Setsuna shook her head. "No, you've improved tremendously, especially over this past week. But… um… I said you could attack me at any time, but while I'm bathing is a little… well…"

"Oh! A bath! That's a good idea!" Asuna shouted happily, completely ignoring Setsuna. "Maybe I'll take a bath, too! I did work up a sweat!" She then proceeded to take off her clothes in front of the swordswoman, which to be honest, was a bit uncomfortable for her.

"Erk! Why are you taking your clothes off?" the swordswoman exclaimed.

"I can't take a bath with my clothes on," Asuna stated. "Were you grooming your feathers? I'll help!" Setsuna tried to protest but it was no use. Asuna was focused on helping the swordswoman. Within minutes, the two of them were underneath the waterfall, taking a bath as Asuna groomed Setsuna's feathers.

It felt strange for the swordswoman when someone else was scrubbing a very delicate area. There were times in which she let out a small cry. "Um… I think this is a little strange, don't you?" Setsuna asked, trying to get Asuna to stop grooming. She didn't want to continue making such noises in front of her best friend.

"Why?" the orange haired girl asked. "We scrub each other's backs all the time at the dorms."

"No, it's not the same as wing maintenance… you know…"

"So what? I like playing with your feathers, Setsuna-san. They smell good, and they're so soft."

The swordswoman blushed at the comment. "P-Playing with…?" She needed to change the subject and quickly before it would get more embarrassing for her. "You're awfully cheerful today, Asuna-san. Is it because you saw on the TV in town that Negi-sensei is all right?"

"Eh?" Asuna said which incidentally stopped her from continuing to groom Setsuna's feathers. "N-No," she said with a blush. "It's because all the others are okay, too, not just him. Besides, Negi is like my kid brother. I can't leave him out of sight. Who knows what crazy thing he will do next?"

"But when he mentioned the Golden Warrior, you went ecstatic and happy," Setsuna teased.

Asuna blushed even redder. "You were too! You were crying with tears of joy when you heard about the Golden Warrior."

Setsuna blushed. "True, but I remember that you were really depressed when we first met up, Asuna-san," the swordswoman stated.

"W-Well, you were, too! Acting like it was the end of the world because of Konoka."

Suddenly, a gloomy atmosphere surrounded the swordswoman. "Konoka… Ojou-sama…" she muttered, trembling in agony and sadness as she burst out in tears. "OJOU-SAMA! WH-WH-WH-WHERE, WH-WHERE ARE YOU AND WHAT ARE YOU DOING!"

"Calm down, Setsuna-san!" shouted the orange haired girl. "Konoka will be fine. She might not look it, but she's got it much more together than we do, and she can make a living for herself. I bet she's telling fortunes and doing very well for herself, just like you predicted. As long as she doesn't run into any bad guys…"

"Y… You're right," Setsuna said. As long as she hasn't met any bad guys… any bad guys… bad guys… bad guys…... KONO-CHAN!"

"Don't lose your head!" Asuna exclaimed as she whacked Setsuna on the head with her harisen. "We decided to stop complaining and do what we can, didn't we? And you worked hard this last week, and finally figured out where Konoka is. We earned travel expenses by bounty hunting, then got chased by bounty hunters ourselves. It's all thanks to you, Setsuna-san! We just have a little further to go!"

"Asuna-san…"

"I'm sure everyone else is fine, too! In one month, we'll all be safely back together again. And we'll have a party at Chao Bao Zi and talk about how incredible our summer vacation was."

Setsuna stood motionless for a moment, in complete shock at how strong Asuna's resolve was. "But, so that nothing like that ever happens again, I have to get stronger, too."

Then Setsuna's expression turned a bit into curiosity as she recollected what had been going on in their time together. There is something bothering me, Setsuna said to herself. It's not her mental strength. Asuna-san has been improving at an abnormal speed, especially since we came to Mundus Magicus. This certainly can't be explained by her talent alone. It's almost like she's remembering something that she knew all along. It makes me… uneasy, somehow…

"Setsuna-san," Asuna spoke up, snapping Setsuna back into focus. "I have been doing a lot of thinking about something lately."

"About what Asuna-san?" asked the swordswoman.

"You know that we might have to face that Fate guy and the machine guy again, right?" Setsuna nodded to Asuna's inquiry. "I have been thinking about something that Ku:Nel-san told us about before. You remember the discussion we had on the Calicem Crystallinum."

Setsuna's eyebrows widened. "Wait, are you thinking…?"

Asuna nodded. "Knowing Negi and Gohan, they are probably doing something extreme in order to get stronger. And knowing those two, they probably blame themselves for what happened at the Gateport," the orange haired girl explained. "So I thought, if we could make a wish to get Negi and Gohan stronger while at the same time, get everyone back home safely, we wouldn't have to deal with that kind of thing ever again."

"But Asuna-san, do you know what you are talking?" Setsuna asked. "We don't even know how to get the Calicem Crystallinum let alone to Planet Minerva."

"I know, but I remember that Ku:Nel-san mentioned that the residents of Planet Minerva were the descendants of people that came from the Magical World," Asuna responded. "And those immigrants said that they used a special transport to go between worlds. I didn't believe it at first but when we came to the Magical World the way we did, it came to me that there has to be a similar way. As you were asking around for Konoka's location, I did my own investigating on the transport and Planet Minerva."

"And, what did you find out?"

Asuna let out a small smile. "I found out that there is such a transport and it is near the village where Konoka was last spotted."

Setsuna's eyes widened. "Really?"

The orange haired girl nodded. "I know that it may be a risk, but I have to take it if I want to protect Gohan… and Negi. I know you will try to stop me, Setsuna-san but don't. I have thought about this long and hard. Once you find Konoka, you two head over to Ostia. I will meet you all there once I have gathered the Calicem Crystallinum. I promise."

Setsuna let out a small smile. "No you won't because you won't be going alone. I'm coming with you."

Asuna blinked a few times in confusion. "Huh? But Setsuna-san…"

"You are not the only who wants to protect Gohan-ku – I mean, Gohan-sensei," Setsuna said with a slight blush on her face as she corrected herself in mid-sentence. "I will go too. And I'm sure that Konoka-Ojou-sama will come as well once she finds out about your plan."

Asuna giggled slightly. "Yeah, you're right. After all, this is Konoka after all." Clearing her throat, her face turned serious as she looked at the swordswoman. "Then it's settled. Once we find Konoka, we will go to the transport and go to Planet Minerva to find the Calicem Crystallinum." Setsuna nodded in agreement as they began the next part of their journey.



* * *



Two days later…

Negi twisted and turned in his bed as he started to wake up. As soon as he opened his eyes, he found himself in a room. However, the face of Kagetarō appeared before him causing the boy teacher to spring up suddenly. However, his action caused someone to shriek. He glanced over to see Ako watching over him. Ako-san? Negi said to himself.

"Oh good, you're awake. Nagi-sa–!" Ako said before her face flushed red like a Christmas tree.

Negi blinked a few times in confusion. "A-Ako-san?"

"Y…Yes, um… th-that is, c-clothes…"

"Huh?" Then Negi looked down to see he was covered in bandages but more than that, he was naked! The boy teacher began to panic. "Ah! I-I-I'm sorry, how could I have…? And in front of a lady! I'll change right away! Would you please look over there for a minute?"

"Ah, Nagi-san!" Ako cried as Negi began to move around a lot in trying to find some clothes to cover himself and his shame. "Don't! You're still hurt!"

And sure enough, that's what happened. Negi immediately felt the sting on his repaired arm and fell on top of Ako. Their faces were mere inches away from each other. "I-I'm sorry, Ako-san! I… I'll get off now…"

"N-n-n-n-no, don't l-l-let it bother you," stuttered Ako as she felt the increasing heart rates in her chest. Suddenly, the boy teacher fell on top of her, surprising the young girl. Was this the moment? "Nnh… oohh. N….No. Na… N-N-Nagi-san, d-don't. D-don't hug so tight all of a sudden." However, her cries fell upon deaf ears when she noticed that Negi was not even conscious anymore. Ako had to hurry so there wouldn't be any misunderstandings. And sure enough, Natsumi came in, saw what was going on and immediately closed the door.

Thankfully, Ako was able to clear the misunderstanding with Natsumi within minutes and Negi was conscious again. "I'm sorry," Negi said, this time clothed with a patient's outfit. "Really, how could I have done such a thing?"

"N-No, I'm sorry," Ako replied.

"Well, I'll put some fresh bandages over there, Ako," Natsumi stated.

"Y-Yeah, leave it to me!" Ako stuttered with a blush on her face.

Natsumi smiled as she turned her attention at the boy teacher. "And Neg…Nagi-san, you've been out for two days, so don't overdo it, okay?"

Negi nodded to the freckled girl as she closed the door to the room. Turning to Ako, he asked, "C-Could it be that you wrapped these bandages, Ako-san? And took my clothes…?"

"N-No!" cried Ako as she flailed her hands. "Of course not! Golden Warrior-san was the one who wrapped them as well as the little girl that was with you."

"I see."

"Ah, b-but now you're wearing clothes, so I'll be happy to do it for you!" saluted the girl, earning a sweat drop from Negi.

"R-Really? Thank you." With that done with, Ako began to remove the bandages around Negi's injured arm. As she unwrapped it, Negi noticed the scar around where the cut was made.

"Is… Is your arm all right now?" Ako asked.

"Eh? Yes, the pain is almost gone. I was too inexperienced. I brought it on myself," Negi said with a disappointed look on his face. "But if the treatment went well, then in a day, there shouldn't even be a scar. And I learned something from being so reckless." Negi looked up at the sky and at his hand as he recounted the events of the battle in his head.

I knew a battle like that would come, Negi said to himself. And you could say that a powerful enemy is just what I was hoping for. My life was on the line, but unlike with the battle with Artificial Human No. 17b, I wasn't paralyzed with fear. No, far from it. Rather, I focused my mind on one point, my uncertainty vanished. I felt like I could fight as many battles as it took. Like I could fight as long as I had to. On the battlefield, it was only me and the powerful enemy I was to defeat. That sensation! I still don't quite understand it, but I think I'm on to something. I hope Gohan will be able to explain more. Or maybe…

"Hee hee," Ako giggled, snapping Negi back into reality.

"Wh-what is it?" Negi asked.

"Oh, I was just thinking, you really are Negi-kun's cousin, Nagi-san," Ako explained. "My best friend Makie told me. Negi-kun is just a kid, but sometimes he has this sadness, like he's looking somewhere else, somewhere far away. You just gave me that exact feeling."

Negi blinked a few times. Makie-san said that? Negi wondered.

"But, but I really am glad that you seem to be doing all right, Nagi-san," Ako continued. "You've really done so much for me since the school festival started."

"Huh? Oh, please, don't worry about it at all, Ako-san."

"Um, I…" Ako said softly as tears began to drip from her eyes. "These past two days… I've been so worried… Nagi-san, I don't know what I'd do if you died."

"Ako-san?"

"I really… am glad. If anything… happened to you, Nagi-san, I… don't know how I'd ever apologize. It's our fault that you're in so much danger, Nagi-san, and yet we can't do anything!"

"It's not like that, Ako-san," Negi said. "Besides, I am sure that something will come up where you can do something. So don't cry for me, okay?" Ako nodded and smiled at the boy teacher, very glad to have fallen in love with such a person.



* * *



A few minutes later…

Negi was standing outside of the medical ward as he glanced at his repaired arm. "Looks like it's fine," he commented. He let out a sigh. "I really made Ako-san worry. Probably everyone else, too. But I was prepared for this kind of danger when I used my Father's name. And besides… I'm the only one in danger. So I don't think I've made any wrong choices."

"That's where you are wrong," spoke a voice, grabbing the boy teacher's attention. Negi turned around to see Gohan standing before him with not too pleased look on his face.

"G-Gohan?" Suddenly, the half saiyan rushed at the boy teacher and landed a punch on his face. Negi, knocked down to the floor by the punch, immediately looked at Gohan in confusion. "What was that for Gohan?"

"You idiot!" Gohan cried out. "Of course you made a wrong choice! Especially when you went into a battle recklessly!" Negi stood shocked at the sudden outburst from the half saiyan. "I watched that fight and to be honest, I let you fight to see what you could against someone like that shadow man."

"Then why are you angry?"

"Because… if you allowed yourself to be swallowed by your emotions, you are going to lose focus of what is really going on around you. Don't go thinking that this is your burden to bear," Gohan said with some tears in his eyes, surprising the boy teacher. "It is all of our burden to bear as well. Don't throw away your life so carelessly. You have people here that are important. Remember that!"

And with that, the demi-saiyan walked away from Negi. "And also, you can decide what to do next, concerning with Rakan-san's proposal. The choice is yours but remember what I said." The boy teacher stood motionless for a bit, digesting everything that Gohan had said to him. He let out a small smile, thinking that Asuna would probably say something similar to what Gohan had said. They do share some similarities, Negi said to himself as he looked up at the sky once more.



* * *



The next day…

Everyone was at the city's airport, awaiting to leave. Well, more specifically Kazumi and Chachamaru. Everyone was looking over the map and the route that Chachamaru and Kazumi would take in order to try to find the rest of the club as well as the stranglers. "So this is your search route," Gohan commented. "It really goes around the world."

"This covers most of the densely populated areas," Kazumi added and this time around, she was in chibi form like Chachamaru and Chisame. Gohan blushed a bit when she saw as she looked adorable. Of course, this was not left unnoticed by Chisame and Akira. "If this doesn't work, we'll have to search everywhere."

"Fifty thousand of the fight money you've earned has been used for travel expenses," Chachamaru commented.

"Well, for a trip around the world, you have to spend money," Kotarou commented.

"You should be able to find everyone with this," Negi added.

"But, hey," Natsumi spoke up, "is there any point in just confirming where they are from above, Asakura?"

"Heh heh heh," chuckled the chibi Kazumi. "That's when we bring out our plan's main player… this!" Searching in her pocket, Kazumi pulled out a pactio card! Gohan immediately flinched when he saw that. He glanced at Negi and noticed that he had a blush on his face. When did they do it? Gohan wondered to himself jealously. He immediately shook his head to get rid of those thoughts as Kazumi started to explain on her pactio.

"Chiucchi got a good one for computer related stuff. So I thought maybe I'd get one that good for collecting data and gathering information. My artifact is 'Oculus Corvinus,' the 'Raven's Eye'! As the name suggests, it's a spy item," Kazumi explained. "It can control up to six remote-control spy golems from super, super far distances! It has a lot of limitations, such as no battle ability, no guarantees about stealth capabilities, cannot enter private areas such as privately owned land without going through the proper channels, etc. But my friend says Occhi can cover for those and make it the strongest, most invincible paparazzi item! If we can send these spy golems to check out our friends when we find them, we'll know exactly how they're doing."

Gohan nodded. "Good job Kazumi-san," he said with his father's signature grin on his face. This, of course, led to Kazumi blushing but at the same time, she ignored Chisame's inquiry on how she was able to get the pactio without the help of Chamo. Thankfully, none of that happened as the flight was about to leave earlier than expected.

"All right then," Kazumi said. "We're off!"

"We're on our way," Chachamaru added.

"We're counting on you! Kazumi-san!" Gohan cheered.

"Find everyone for us!" Negi added.

"And you guys work hard on paying off that debt," Kazumi said with a bright smile on her face.

Gohan nodded. "Yeah," he said. "But if you or anyone you find is in trouble, call us right away, got it? We'll come running quickly and as fast as possible."

"That's right," Negi added. "We can still leave town for three days, five at the most." Kazumi and Chachamaru both nodded as they went into the ship. Within minutes, the ship left from the city.

Gohan, Negi, Kotarou and Chisame were left on the roof of the airport, watching at the ship in the distance. "I hope they find where everyone is even one day faster," Chisame commented.

"You're not going so we save on travel expenses, Chisame-neechan?" Kotarou asked.

"There's that, too," Chisame replied. "I'm staying here to collect information; since we can't find Akashi and them with radar." At the end of her sentence, Chisame gave a quick glance at the boy teacher who seemed to be struggling with something.

"Um!" spoke up Negi. "Chisame-san! Kotarou-kun! Gohan!"

"We know," all three said in unison, surprising the boy teacher.

"You're gonna go get lesson from that what's-his-name guy, right?" Kotarou asked.

"We don't mind. Go on. Leave the tournament qualifications to us," Gohan said with a grin.

"Kotarou-kun… Gohan…" Negi said, surprised by the hanyou's and half saiyan's reactions. "I'm sorry. Um… I, I'm sorr– " But before Negi could finish his sentence, he was punched in the face by Kotarou. "K-Kotarou-kun!"

"You're a man! You've decided on this – Don't be so wishy-washy, dumb Negi!"

"B-But!"

"Kotarou-san is right," Gohan added as he folded his arms. "If you want to do it, then do it. He's one of your Dad's friends, right?" Negi nodded in response to Gohan's question. "Then take advantage and get stronger! You will definitely find something worthwhile with him."

"Gohan…"

"Don't worry about us Negi," Kotarou said. "Just don't train so slow that I leave you behind." Negi nodded as he, Kotarou and Gohan all raised their fists in the air in cheer, making a promise to become stronger than before.



* * *



A few hours later…

Negi continued to walk into the desert that laid on the outskirts of the city. Once he was far enough from the city and from preying eyes, Negi chanted a spell upon himself. "DISPULSATIO!" Upon summoning the spell, Negi was quickly transformed back into his original ten year old self. "Whew," Negi sighed as he began to change back into his original clothes. "I really do feel more like myself this way."

As Negi started to put on his clothes, he noticed the hole on his cloak. It was the same one that Fate created when he threw a stone spear at his shoulder. While glancing at it, Negi heard a voice. "You're not gonna buy a replacement for that robe? With that unsightly hole in it."

Negi looked up to see someone that he completely didn't expect to see here. "Ch-Chisame-san? Wh-why?" the boy teacher asked as this time around Chisame wasn't in her chibi form but her teenage form.

"I've come to the conclusion that you need someone watching over you," Chisame stated. "Gohan-sensei will be busy taking care of things in the city and in the tournament, and with him and Kagurazaka not being here, I am going to be taking their place. I don't want to, but there's no one else here now, so I'll be your babysitter."

"O-okay…"

"Besides, it's uncomfortable staying in the Lolita body all the time. I needed a break."

"Chisame-san…"

"Now let's go. No back talk." And with that, the two of them went on ahead to try to find Rakan's place.

As the two were walking, Chisame began wondering about something. "That 'Rakan' name sounds familiar," Chisame commented as she remembered something that Donet mentioned earlier before entering through the gate to the Magical World.

"Yes," Negi responded. "We were going to meet him on the day of the Gateport incident."

"Oh, I get it. But what's he doing all the way out here? Can we trust him?"

"Huh? Yes… I think," Negi replied. "His card was real, and there's no doubt that he was one of my father's friends."

"I see."

"There!" Negi shouted as he pointed to an oasis with a tall monument in the middle of its lake. The structure was surrounded by ruins, possibly aqueducts like ones the Romans used before.

As they were taking in the scenery, Negi and Chisame noticed someone on the water. Upon closer inspection, it was Rakan. He seemed totally focused, a white blazing aura surrounding him as if he were preparing himself for battle. "He does look strong," Chisame commented.

"I wonder what he's doing," Negi said.

Then, Rakan's eyes flung wide open as he did a rather interesting move set. "覇王 (Tyrant)! 炎熱 (Flaming Heat)…!" Negi and Chisame were gaping at the move set that Rakan was doing, particularly Chisame as she thought it was completely ridiculous and stupid. But Rakan continued on with it.

"轟音竜 (Roaring Dragon)! 咆哮 (Howl)! 爆裂選考魔人残空羅漢拳 (Exploding flash demon air-slicing enlightened fist)!" Upon saying the last kanji, he unleashed a massive blast of kiai into the air, effectively destroying the entire north section of the ruins as well as splitting part of the lake in half.

As the water coming from the blast rained down on them, Negi and Chisame were both left in shock. Negi was in awe while Chisame was just thinking that this was just too ridiculous. Meanwhile, Rakan clenched his fists in frustration. No good, he said to himself. The name is too long. And it doesn't sound cool. Tch! I'm all overheated from thinking too hard. I really do need to make it simpler. Go back to the basics and put the name in it…

"Ngh!" Rakan grunted as he sent a punch forward. "葱の拳(Spring Onion fist!) No good! It still sounds bad! And there's no time for a final pose!" In frustration, Rakan began to lash out punches at the lake, causing the water to explode and rain everywhere. "No good, no good! With a naming strategy like this I'll never come up with a name for a finishing move that has my mark on it!"

Quickly turning around, Rakan went to a chalk board that was filled with kanji letters written on it. "Dammit!" he shouted in frustration. "I'm already at my deadline! What do I do? But! I'm fired up! Wait… maybe I shouldn't have been so obsessed with using kanji? Nnnngh! A simple right straight punch would be too bland. Something newer… you know, the ones where like something comes from your eyes, or your whole body…"

Chisame began to think that maybe this Rakan person was both an idiot and a weirdo. She, however, got her answer when she and the boy teacher noticed that Rakan had come across something that he mentioned earlier. "Something coming from the whole body? That's it!" Sliding his right foot forward, Rakan began to collect a large amount of energy in his body as he did a particular move set. "ETERNAL NEGI FEVER!" Using the collect energy, Rakan unleashed all of it from his body towards the sky. Incidentally, the blast crashed against a faraway mountain that immediately exploded with an atomic cloud hanging over it.

Negi's and Chisame's jaws dropped in shock while Rakan couldn't believe that he had sent such a blast himself. "O…oohh… I just tried sending a beam from my whole body for the heck of it, but… I never thought it would be so powerful. It's perfect! His son's – Negi's new finishing move!"

Chisame gaped at the declaration. "Hey, Sensei?" she said. "Are all of your Dad's friends freaks! Let's forget about that guy, Sensei. Let's just ask about your Dad and get the hell out of…" But as Chisame was talking, she noticed a strange look on the boy teacher's face. "Sensei? Hey!"

"But he's a man with stupidity!" Negi declared with a glint on his eye. "Chisame-san, do you remember? About how what I need so I can get stronger is stupidity."

"Ah? Yeah."

"If I'm going to study anyone now, I feel like it has to be him!" Negi declared enthusiastically.

"Just a… wait, stupid! Don't be hasty!" Chisame exclaimed but it was too late. Negi had already made up his mind as he stood in front of Rakan.

"Rakan-san!" Negi greeted as he took off his cloak.

"Oh!" Rakan said. "You're here, kid! You came at just the right time! I just completed your finishing move!" Rakan declared with a heavy glint in his eye as he drew up the 'Eternal Negi Fever' move that he just recently made up on the chalk board. "Act now, and I'll sell it to you at a 30 percent discount!"

"Um…" Negi said, sweat dropping at Rakan's speech. "I don't know about that move. I think only you can do it, Rakan-san."

"Eeehh? What? Don't have the money?" Rakan asked. "You can pay in installments."

"N-No, more important… please, teach me how to fight! I don't have time, but I want to be stronger!"

Rakan grinned. "All right," he said. "But… my training could be tough."

"I don't care!" declared the boy teacher. "I'll endure any training!"

Rakan started to chuckled as he ruffled Negi's hair. "Ha ha ha! You're a good kid. The exact opposite of him. Just like Takamichi told me."

Negi blinked his eyes in confusion. "Really?"

Rakan nodded. "All right! Then let's get right to it! I'll have you strong enough to beat anyone in two weeks!"

Chisame let out a sigh as she watched the exchange between Negi and Rakan, noticing that she really did need to look out for him. However, part of her began to worry about what was going with Gohan. She hoped that everything was okay as Rakan began to explain a little bit about Mundus Magicus's past using a video.

"Twenty years ago, this world, Mundus Magicus, was on the verge of unprecedented crisis! A conflict that started from minor misunderstandings and quarrels developed into a great war that divided the world between North and South. In the midst of it all, there were men who appeared gallantly to save the innocent people! Their name: Ala Rubra! Their leader was of course, the Thousand Master! Nagi Springfield! A mere fourteen at the time, the strongest of all wizards, the master of a thousand spells!

"The silent but frightening-when-mad samurai master from Mundus Vetus (Earth), Swordsman of the Shinmei school, Konoe Eishun!

"No one knows why he was with them, a hard-boiled former dog of the government who looked good in a suit and with a cigarette in his mouth! Master of the soundless fist, Muon-Ken, Gateau Kagura Vandenberg! And his disciple, Takamichi!

"I think there were others, but oh well.

"And this man! The man of a thousand blades! The legendary mercenary swordsman! The strongest of slave gladiators, who won his freedom! The Thousand Master's one and only eternal rival. Their score: 498 to 499!" Pointing at himself, Rakan said, "That was me! Jack Rakan!"

Once Rakan finished his presentation, Negi clapped his hands together while Chisame sweat dropped at the whole presentation. In the meantime, some crows cried out, "Ahooo! Ahooo!" as they passed by, agreeing with Chisame's assessment that Rakan was now the Invincible Idiot.

Rakan noticed the look of disinterest on Chisame's face. "What? You don't look interested, Jou-chan."

"Well, it's about a world that has nothing to do with me."

Negi, meanwhile, was the complete opposite of Chisame as he waved his armed up in the air like an excited kid trying to answer the teacher's question. "Me, me! I'm interested!" the boy teacher shouted excitedly. "Were you really my Father's eternal rival? T-Tell me more…"

"No can do," Rakan responded immediately. "Stories about my past don't come free. I know! I'll need a million for ten minutes."

"Eeh!" exclaimed Negi. Seriously, Rakan was so stingy and greedy about money. Crying anime tears, Negi said, "Nnngh, but Takamichi and Ku:Nel-san said if I came here, I could hear about my father…"

"Well, you have time. Can't you get it out of him a little at a time?" Chisame questioned. The boy teacher nodded. Chisame let out a small smile as she turned back to Rakan. "Anyway, you. Rakan-san, was it? Didn't we have plans to meet with you on the day we came here? So what are you doing out in the middle of nowhere like this?"

"Oh, that. Actually… I stood you up," Rakan said with straight and cool face that shocked both Negi and Chisame. "I mean, hey. Megalomesembria is far; it'd wear me out. And the name is freakin' long." Letting out a chuckle to defuse the tense atmosphere, Rakan continued, "Well, when I got word from Takamichi that Nagi's son was coming, I did think I needed to go. But it'd be such a pain to go to a place with so many people after ten years of retirement. And then you came close to me! Well, the world works in mysterious ways! You never know what could come your way! Damn!"

Chisame looked at Rakan with semi-closed eyes, thinking that he was the worst person. After all that was said and done, Rakan declared it was time for a test. "Okay kid, before your training, let's see how strong you are. Hit my stomach with everything you've got!"

Negi nodded. "Y-Yes, sir! But…"

"Just hit me!" Rakan said. "If your punch is pathetic, I ain't training you."

"YES SIR!" Negi said confidently. Collecting a large amount of magic energy, Negi chanted, "CANTUS BELLAX… VIS MAXIMA!" A huge amount of energy came outpouring from his body, sending dust and debris everywhere. Chisame had get to somewhere safe and distant so she wouldn't be blown away from Negi's outpouring energy.

Rakan, meanwhile, stood still amongst the strong breeze coming from the boy teacher, a little impressed at Negi's power. Then, Negi did something that Rakan hadn't expected as he saw the boy teacher bend his knees and cupped his hands. He put his cupped hands to the side as he chanted Son Goku's infamous attack. "KA… ME… HA… M–"

"NO!"

Negi stopped the chanting of the Kamehame-Ha as he looked at Rakan with a confused look on his face. "Don't use that move. I know all about the Kamehame-Ha from Takamichi. Use the move that you used at the arena. It's your finishing move, isn't it? Hit me with that at its maximum power and add the Kanka as well."

Negi's eyebrows widened at Rakan's instructions. "B-But…"

"Just a – That's… that's thing, right? That magic arrow punch. Oka Hoken or something?" Chisame commented. "That's gotten a lot stronger since you beat Takahata-sensei with it, right? He may be your Dad's friend, but a direct attack from that?"

"Heh Heh," chuckled Rakan. "Don't put me on the same level as a kid like Takamichi, Jou-chan." Turning his attention at the boy teacher, Rakan began to taunt him. "You listening, kid? Do you think the Dad you admire so much would be done in by a little half-baked original attack that a little hatchling like you just kind of thought up?"

Negi furrowed his eyebrows in anger, causing the master of a thousand blades to grin. The taunt had worked. Collecting magic and ki in his hands, Negi combined the two as an even brighter blazing aura surrounded him. "KANKAHO!" shouted the boy teacher as he began to chant his spell. "RASTEL MASKIL MAGISTER! CENTUM ET UNUS SPIRITUS LUCIS COEUNTES INIMICUM SAGITENT!" In his right hand, Negi had summoned a large amount of magic arrows into his hand, causing it to ever glow so brightly. "SAGITTA MAGICA CONVERGIENTA LUCUM!"

With the charges in place, Negi threw his left fist out in Taikwondo style, letting out a raw and announcing the title of this attack. "OKA HOKEN!" The attack landed on Rakan's stomach, causing a huge aftershock behind the Invincible Idiot's back that even surprised Chisame. Chisame couldn't believe that such incredible came from a kid like Negi. But, then again, there was Gohan and his friends. This was a little too much for her. Besides, she was worried about Rakan's condition as Negi had gone all out.

The boy teacher was worried as well. "R-Rakan-san?" The mist was clouding everything that he could see. However, within moments, the mist began to dissipate, revealing Rakan. Negi's mouth turned into a bright smile of both happiness and awe. "N-Not a scratch! Wow!"

Of course, that didn't happen as Rakan fell back and cough out a fountain of blood from his mouth. Negi was shocked but not so much as Rakan was. "That hurt, dammit!" he exclaimed as he punched Negi into the air. Chisame did a spit take as she saw Negi's spirit fly away from his body as Rakan's punch was a little more than he could handle. Will he be okay training under this guy? Chisame wondered.

After a few minutes of explaining, Rakan let out a chuckle. "Ha ha ha! THAT blonde and Evangeline are your masters?"

Negi nodded as he said silently, "Yes."

"Heh heh. Ha ha ha!" laughed the Master of a Thousand Blades. "They're a real piece of work! I thought you'd been trained in a strange way. That explains it."

"S-strange?"

"No, I got the idea. YOU PASS!" Rakan stated excitedly.

Negi blinked his eyes a few times in confusion, wondering how Rakan knew about Gohan. "Umm, Rakan-san? How do you know about Gohan?"

Rakan let out a small grin. "Takamichi told me about him. He also told me about the kid's incredible power and his ability to transform into a Super Saiyan, due to him being from an alien race or something like that," Rakan explained. "I wasn't sure to believe Takamichi's story but once I got a good glimpse of him the other day during your fight with the shadow guy, I knew that Takamichi wasn't lying. It seems that he was hiding a lot of power, even transformed. Tell me, how more levels can he ascend?"

"T-Two more levels," Negi said, a little surprised that Takamichi had told Rakan so much about Gohan. "He can also use a technique called the Kaio-ken and he was the one who helped me in using the Kanka technique."

"I see. So… even with such powerful masters at your side, why do you want to get stronger than you are now, kid?" Rakan asked.

"Because… if I get stronger, I can protect everyone," Negi responded. "If I have the strongest power, no one will have to get hurt. That's why."

"Ho ho," chuckled Rakan. "And?"

"And… I've always wanted to be as strong as my Father and Gohan."

"And?" Rakan asked again.

"Huh? And? What do you mean, Rakan-san?"

"There's someone you want to beat, isn't there?" Rakan questioned, causing the boy teacher to react to Rakan's comment. "Bull's eye, huh? There you go. I like guys with clear goals like that. Who is it?"

"Actually, there are two of them," Negi stated. "A mysterious boy named Fate Averruncus and a mysterious metal man named General Rilldo who had almost killed Gohan. They both attacked the Gateport."

Rakan's eyes widened a bit upon hearing the two names that Negi had mentioned. "Averruncus and Rilldo… There's another name that brings back memories. Tell me, this General Rilldo, did he say he was a Machine Mutant by any chance?"

Negi flinched in surprise as he nodded at Rakan. "Yeah! He did mention that he was a Machine Mutant! You know them!"

"Well, yeah."

"Wh-Why! Who on earth are they?"

"If you want to hear it, I'll take a million," Rakan said, sparkles surrounding him as he became greedy again. "Anyways, if these guys you're going up against are what I imagine, they'll be trouble." Pulling the chalk board that he used to make Negi's finishing move earlier, he placed it vertically. "Here. Let's make a chart."

"A chart?" Chisame questioned.

"Yeah," Rakan responded. "A strength chart. You can't use magical power or ki energy, Chisame-jouchan, so we'll use you as the standard. Now, to put some numbers in. Let's see, first let's put Takamichi around here, but he never really gets serious. Kagetarō would be about here. Then, based on my assessment on the kid, Son Gohan, and from what you told me about his transformations and his Kaio-ken, I would place him around here. And here is the finished chart!"

Chisame and Negi leaned closer to take a look at the chart. Chisame was placed at 1 and above her there were other entries that didn't seem important at the time. Negi meanwhile, was placed at a high spot. His number was 7 but he had the kanji 億(Oku) next to it which stood for one hundred million. This meant that his strength level was 700 million but of course this would be true if Negi went full power using his Kanka technique. Gohan, meanwhile, was placed at 350億. This meant his strength level was 35 billion.

"Gohan-sensei is really 350 億? Can you really tell that, Rakan-san?" Chisame asked.

"To be perfectly honest, no," Rakan replied. "I would get a better picture if I was to fight him but that's for another time. Anyways, this chart is just to give you an idea. Think of it as a basic difference in physical strength. But the outcome of a fight changes depending on affinities and all kinds of other things, so this chart is really meaningless."

"I see," Negi said.

"Well, a victory can be determined by affinities and luck, but if the difference in power gets bigger, of course the chance of winning get weaker," Rakan commented. "As for the mystery boy and the General you're talking about, if I were to guess, I'd say their powers are about here." As finished saying that sentence, Rakan wrote on the upper echelon of his chart where Fate and Rilldo were placed. Fate was placed at 6000億 (600 billion) while General Rilldo was placed at 8000億 (800 billion).

Negi flinched in shocked; his body trembling. "No…" he muttered. "With such a big difference, no matter how much I train…"

"Well, if we did honest training, it would be impossible," Rakan stated plainly. "However, don't go jumping to conclusions. It's impossible with honest training. But it's not like there aren't any dishonest ways to go about."

Negi's head jerked up once he heard that statement. "Really?" he exclaimed. Could it really be true? Could he really be as strong as Fate?

"You said you trained under Evangeline and Gohan. How long?"

"Um… about three months."

"No, you used the resort, didn't you?" Negi nodded. Rakan then repeated the question once more. "How long?"

"In… in that case…" Negi said as he began to calculate his time at the resort. He spent a lot of time training with Gohan on working on his ki but that was at the beginning of his training. Right before he left for the magical world, Eva had spent more time than Gohan did in training the boy teacher. Right now though, Negi needed to think on a number. "I guess nine… or ten months?"

Rakan chuckled a bit once he heard that number. I see, he said to himself. She's a sadist, that Evangline. So she's got the container ready. Raising him in such a repulsive way. Even with the Saiyan's training, there would be no way that he would notice that she had been training the kid for this spell. Damn. "Heh heh. You're nothing like your Dad," Rakan stated.

"Huh? What do you mean, Rakan-san?" Negi asked.

"If I had to say, you're more on the Evangeline side. The exact opposite."

"The exact opposite?"

Rakan nodded. "Yes. Listen to me, this move is a forbidden spell that she worked out hundreds of years ago, when she was still weak. It's possible that you could use it."

"A forbidden spell that Master worked out…"

"Yeah," Rakan responded. "Magia Erebea, Dark Magic. It's a technique she took ten years to complete when she was still desperate. Its potentiality rivals even the ultimate art, Kankaho. But because the technique requires the enormous magical power of the servants of darkness, ordinary people can't handle it, and there aren't many who know of it."

"Th-that sounds kind of incredible," Negi commented.

Rakan grinned. "Did I catch your interest? Maybe you could do it."

"I see. But Darkness… Magia Erebea, hm?"

"Suits you, doncha think?" Rakan questioned.

"Huh?"

"It's true," Chisame added.

"Eehh! You too Chisame-san? Why am I dark?" Negi asked.

"Well, you worry a lot," Chisame replied. "And you're definitely gloomy when you're alone. If I had to say if you were light or dark, I'd have to say dark."

"EEH!"

"Ha ha ha!" laughed the Invincible Idiot. "You get it, Chisame-Jouchan! What's wrong, kid? You don't like darkness? And after being trained by Evangeline, the Demon Queen of Darkness herself. Well, it's up to you if you want to do it or not. But it won't hurt to hear how it works. The source of dark power is negative emotions. By 'negative' I mean denial, fear, resentment, anger, hatred… In other words, 'bad feelings'!"

"EEHH!" Negi shouted once more while Chisame face palmed herself, thinking on how vague the topic was. He really was an idiot sometimes.

"Okay, training part one!"

"Huh? Ah, yes sir!"

"In anything, your feelings and form are essential!" Rakan explained. "In other words, to use Magia Erebea… you have to feel reeeeally bad. Make an awful face… and throw a punch!" Rakan said as he displayed a very angry look on his face and threw a punch that split part of the lake open.

"Eeh!"

"Now give it a try!" Negi nodded as he tried to show a bad face and throw a punch. However, everytime he tried, it wasn't coming across as bad but utterly ridiculous. Even Chisame felt bad for the boy teacher while Rakan kept on reprimanding the boy teacher for his bad form. "No good, no good! There's no feeling in it!" Rakan explained. "It needs to be more from the bottom of your heart! Try remembering something terrible in your past!"

"Huh? What do you mean?" Negi asked.

"You must have something! Like calling your teacher 'Mommy!' in class, or a girl from class catching you when you were licking your crush's recorder!"

"N-Nothing like that, really," Negi said while scratching the back of his head.

"Liar!" Rakan shouted. "Everyone has something embarrassing in their past that they don't want to remember, right, Jou-chan?"

"No, I don't really but now that you mention it…," Chisame responded but then she got started thinking, especially when she first started on the internet. Then, immediately, she shook her head angrily and screamed, "NNGAAAH!"

Rakan chuckled. "Oh, now that's the spirit," he said. "So Jou-chan has got some dark-qualities, too. Now, kid, try remembering what a weakling you are. How was it when you fought Averruncus and Rilldo? Didn't you say that Gohan was almost killed by that Machine Mutant?"

Negi thought on that question for a bit as sweat began to pour out of his face; his eyes turning all gloomy. Then he sat down with a gloomy atmosphere around him, saying, "I'm worthless…"

"Sensei?" Chisame exclaimed.

"Make an awful face and punch," Negi said as this time his face had a dead look on it, his body shaking and the aura around him all negative and gloomy.

"That's it!" Rakan said. "Nice Darkness!"

"No, that's wrong in every possible way," Chisame commented.

"To use the power of darkness, first you have to look at the darkness within yourself."

"Don't go talking like it's so logical, mister," Chisame said angrily at Rakan.

Rakan ignored Chisame's comment and shouted, "Hey kid! I can't hear you! Gimme a thousand awful face punches!"

"I… I'm worthless." This could be bad.



* * *



Minutes later…

"998! 999! 1000!" Negi shouted, panting heavily as he just finished throwing his thousand punches. But at the same time, he felt completely gloomy and depressed. "Let me die…"

"SENSEI!" Chisame shouted worriedly. Pulling the boy teacher to Rakan, Chisame said, "Dammit. Mister, what are you gonna do about this? Look what you've done to him! Whaddaya mean, 'Darkness Training'? Is he gonna be okay, keeping this up!"

Rakan stood silent for a few moments. "To be honest, I think I may have gone a bit too far," he said with a straight face.

"Are you stupid!" Chisame exclaimed as she hit the Invincible Idiot at the back of his head. "He's just a delicate little kid deep down! Make him run himself down like that, and of course he'll turn out like this!"

"Well, hey, I don't really know much about all that darkness stuff, y'know?"

"LIKE HELL I'D KNOW! Then why were you so full of confidence earlier?"

"I was born full of confidence."

Chisame gritted her teeth as she really wanted to pull her hair out at how stupid this Rakan was sounding now. If she only had more strength or had Gohan at her side, she could give Rakan a run for his money for putting Negi through such ridiculous training.

"Well, I'll leave the rest to you," Rakan said as he was ready to dash away from the scene. "I'm no good with crying kids or dogs." And with that, Rakan dashed away.

"MISTER!" Chisame shouted but it was too late. Rakan was long gone. Letting out a sigh, Chisame turned her head towards Negi and noticed the huge gloomy atmosphere surrounding him. "Geez, what would you do without me?" Chisame muttered as she gave a good whack to the head at Negi. This, of course, snapped Negi from his gloomy mood and revived him. "Get it together, stupid," Chisame said to the boy teacher. "You're gonna get stronger, right?" Negi nodded in agreement as the day was coming to a close.



* * *



The next day…

After an embarrassing situation during their bath time, Rakan and Chisame began to talk about the boy teacher more in depth. Rakan mentioned that he heard mostly from Takamichi but he also wanted to know the situation that was going on and why Negi was so determined to get stronger. "I see. So thanks to the incident, you all got separated and you don't know where your friends are," Rakan commented. "That must be rough."

"He has a bad habit of thinking it's all his fault even though Gohan-sensei was also beaten too," Chisame said.

"Why?"

"I guess it's because he was the one who started it all by saying he was gonna go find his dad."

"Uh-huh. Like I said, must be rough."

"And well," Chisame continued, "he says he wants to be stronger, but I don't know. I think his wanting to protect everyone is from guilt, or obsession, or… escapism? To me, it just looks like he's pushing himself too much."

"Hmm," Rakan said. "His feelings of wanting to be stronger are probably real. But, well, I know what you're trying to say. That kid… is a pain in the ass. That just makes it more worth it to teach him."

"Rakan-san!" shouted a voice, prompting Chisame and Rakan to stop their conversation and turn their attention towards the voice. They saw that it was Negi who had called out to the Master of a Thousand Blades.

"Yo," greeted Rakan to the boy teacher. "What is it, kid?"

"Um…! I've done a lot of thinking since yesterday's training," Negi said. "And I have a favor to ask! That is… my specialties have always been wind and lighting… and light. I really don't think darkness suits me. Or rather, I don't want to use it."

"But this is the only way to get the power to beat Averruncus and Rilldo quickly," Rakan stated. "I told you, didn't I? That it wasn't an honest path."

"Is… Is there no other way?" Negi asked. "That is… I'm not sure if I can really get stronger by going after power alone."

"But darkness really does suit you. I could tell after watching that fight the other day. I'm sure that if I were to ask that kid, Gohan, he would also think the same thing. Plus, I think you realized it after yesterday's training."

"Th-that may be true," Negi responded. "But if I can, I want to change that side of me… that is… if I can… I want to be like you and my father! I want to be stupid!"

"Impossible," Rakan immediately responded. "You're the complete opposite. And, hey, stupid?" Rakan immediately grabbed Negi's collar in anger at being called stupid with a few veins popping out on his forehead.

"EEEEEEK! No, um, I don't mean it like that," Negi squealed. "I mean how you're so positive and tenacious, I mean, that is, it's like true strength."

"Oh? Strength, huh?" Rakan commented, dropping the boy teacher down onto the ground. "I see. 'Stupidity' and 'True strength.' It does make sense… but…"

"Y-Yes!"

"FORGET IT!" Rakan shouted as he banged on Negi's head, creating a large lump on his head. "Did you forget it? Forget it. 'Really strong' and 'true strength.' That stuff is all just wordplay. It's a trap clever idiots like you fall into a lot when you're at the end of your rope."

"Nnngh," pouted the boy teacher.

"Anyway, when you say 'stupid,' you're probably talking about personality and way of life or something," Rakan commented. "But do you think you can change your personality and way of life willy-nilly, just by training?"

"But… even so, I… I want to be like Father."

"Hn… you must really like your dad," Rakan said. "That's disgusting." Negi flinched in shock. Harsh! Complete rejection.

"So hey, kid… the master you have now, Evangeline… don't you like her?"

"Huh?"

"Well, it's up to you to choose, kid," Rakan stated. "No, I do think an honest path would be good, too. And you can overcome your immediate lack of power by borrowing strength from your friends. In other words, you have two paths to choose from. One is to slowly and carefully walk the righteous path to light. In other words, the honest way. You all work happily together.

"One is the wicked, power-seeking path to darkness. In other words, the dishonest way. You fight on your own; a fitting path for a hikikomori or a shut-in… a lone wolf like yourself," explained Rakan. "I said it was impossible before, but… well, I'm sure if we give it three or five years, then even you could catch up by taking the honest path. And there is a big risk in using Eva's forbidden spell."

"Risk?" Negi repeated.

"Oh, it wasn't fair of me not to say that, was it?"

"Eh?"

"It takes a pretty big toll on its user. If someone uses it without the aptitude, it could cost them their life," Rakan explained. "That's why it's called a forbidden spell. Should I show you?"

"Eh? Show me? You can do it!" Negi exclaimed.

"A Jack of all magics," Chisame muttered.

"You can't really choose something you haven't actually seen," Rakan commented. "I'll show you how much damage someone without the aptitude will take."

"Huh? But, Rakan-san, isn't that dangerous?" Negi asked.

"Well, I'll be fine, doncha' think?" With that said, Rakan walked onto the lake as he breathed in deeply. Suddenly, a dark atmosphere surrounded him, grabbing the boy teacher's interest. "PRACTE BIGINAR!" chanted Rakan as he lifted his hand into the air. "AGITE, TENEBRAE ABYSSI, ENSIS INCENDENS, ET INCENDIUM CALIGINIS UMBRAE INIMICITAE DESTRUCTIONIS ULTONIS! INCENDANT ET ME ET EUM, SINT SOLUM INCENDENTES INCENDIUM GEHENNAE!"

"STAGENET!"Negi's eyes widened by the minute as he noticed that the magic that Rakan had conjured up was now compressed into a manageable size as it was now swirling in a mass orb of storm. What's that? Negi wondered to himself. The mass of magic power that should have been released?

"COMPLEXIO!" Rakan shouted as he crushed the magic power, allowing him to absorb it. Upon crushing it, the spell consumed Rakan and began flickering around him. The currents of the water that he stood moved up and down them. With its concentration into Rakan's body, he felt his power rise again, and finally, it hit him. He was ready. Bringing himself into a strong stance, Rakan reared his head back and let out a tremendous cry of power, a shock wave exploding out of him. Rakan gritted his teeth and then, with a flail of his arms, he cried out, "SUPPLEMENTUM PRO ARMATIONEM!"

"A-A-Amazing," Negi muttered as he felt an incredible power emanating from Rakan.

Rakan smirked. "This really is tough," he said as he sweating incredibly. "I mean, I was always strong. So I don't need to do stuff like this. Are you listening? This is only the beginning of this move. Actually, the core of this technique is… gh…," Rakan mentioned as suddenly snaps and cracks were all over his body as the energy began to pour out of him, literally.

"Ra-Rakan-san!" Negi cried out.

"U-Uh-oh," commented Rakan. "Looks like this was reckless, even for… the Invincible Rakan. That's Eva's dark magic for you. This was a mistake… ke… kuh…" Upon grunting that last sound, Rakan's body exploded, creating a huge splash in the lake. Self-Destruct at its finest.

"Rakan-san!"

"Mister!"

Once the water had cleared, Negi and Chisame saw Rakan's body floating on the water. Negi crying it out, panicking at the thought that Rakan may have died. Chisame meanwhile, couldn't believe the stupidity of Rakan. He truly was the Invincible Idiot.



* * *



Author's note: Hey everyone! Hope you all enjoyed the chapter. I know it was Negi chapter but it is kind of necessary especially with him trying to get Magica Erebea. Plus, I added the kanji because I am currently learning it (which is really to remember so many of them) and it looks cool like Rakan says in the story. Also, about the trip to Planet Minerva, that is my original plot. Hope you enjoy because it is going to be a fun ride.

PLEASE READ AND REVIEW! I miss all of your reviews! And thanks drake202 as well as dp3of5 for reviewing the last chapter. I greatly appreciate it.

See ya around! Peace!





*Chapter 58*: Darkness or Light!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. See chapter 1 for details.

Author's note: Hey everybody! How are you all doing? It's been a long time since I updated. I am really sorry about that but I was extremely busy with real life stuff. First, I was trying to get a transfer in work to move somewhere else, which I did eventually. I got to live in Kumagaya, Saitama which is an hour to Tokyo by train. Then I had to do the move and finding new apartment in Kumagaya. Then I had to get used to the new work schedule but later they decided to changed my schools so I went looking around for a new job which I got as well. Starting next year, I will work in a Junior High School close to my apartment. :) Yay!

Anyways, thank you for all the reviews that you guys have put up in my absence. I am grateful in having fans like you guys. I will try to update as soon as I can but with winter vacation coming up and me going back to the US for Christmas, it's going to be hard. So, please keep on reading.

I want to thank Gokai Entertainment for beta reading this chapter. I couldn't have asked for a better beta. So without further adeu, I present to you Chapter 58 of Saiyan in Mahora! Enjoy!



* * *



Period 58: Darkness or Light! Blast off to Planet Minerva!

Negi was practicing his katas as he went through the different movements. He tried to calm his mind down, but every time he tried, he kept remembering what happened with Rakan after he used Magia Erebea. And even though he had survived, Rakan mentioned that maybe Negi shouldn't do the dark stuff. Negi clenched his fists as he let out a loud war cry as he shot his arm out.

Taking a deep breath, Negi looked at the skyline that laid before him. "Two paths," he muttered. "My father's path… and Master's path…" Master's 'Magia Erebea,' Negi said to himself as he recounted what happened yesterday when Rakan showed how the technique worked. After Rakan-san's demonstration yesterday, I can imagine roughly what kind of a spell it is. And how great the risk is. The way I am now, in order to get the power to beat him, that's the only way to go!

"But…" Negi muttered again as he went through his katas one more time. There's no need for me to be the only one to get stronger, Negi said to himself. Just as Rakan-san said, I have friends. Even if I can't do it on my own, if we all work together, we can overcome any hardship! I'm not alone! The importance of friends… that's exactly what I was supposed to have learned during the school festival! So, what do I do?

"Isn't it a little early to be practicing kenpo, Sensei?" Chisame asked, interrupting Negi's katas.

"Chisame-san…"

"Is kenpo gonna do any good in a battle between monsters like you guys?"

"Well, even monstrous power won't do any damage if it doesn't hit my opponent, after all," Negi explained. "Close-range battle techniques make sure the attack hits. That's what Gohan and Ku-roshi have taught me."

"Is that so?" Chisame said. "Well, whatever, here!" Grabbing hold a scroll from her back, she tossed it at the boy teacher, earning a confused look on Negi.

"What's this?" Negi asked. "This… isn't an ordinary spell scroll, is it?"

"He says it's the scroll that Evangeline wrote her Magia Erebea on a long time ago," Chisame explained. "If you're going to take the path of light, don't open it. If you choose darkness, take a look. But, well, you've already made up your mind anyway, right? Man, that's a crazy conclusion. I may complain, but I am keeping an eye on you. I can tell what you're thinking."

Negi was silent as he also pondered on his final decision, making sure that he thought long and hard about it.



* * *



A few minutes later…

Negi and Chisame were back at the lake with Rakan, who was covered in bandages due to using the Magia Erebea. As he noticed Negi and Chisame walking back, Rakan greeted the two. "Hey, kid! Well? Made up your mind?" he asked.

Negi nodded. "Yes!"

"Well? Light or Darkness? Which is it gonna be?" Negi was silent in his response as he began to offer to the Master of a Thousand Blades the scroll that Chisame had given him earlier. I see, Rakan said to himself. So he chooses his Dad's path after all. Well, it's his choice. Kind of boring if you ask me.

"Chisame-san, I'm sorry," Negi said, grabbing the attention of both Rakan and Chisame. "This choice… might be crazy after all."

"Hmph," Chisame sounded. "C'mon, Sensei. You're still worrying about it? You won't know if you're right or wrong until you try it, right? It's a big decision, so I can't say I don't know how you feel. But you know… it's… something you choose for yourself! The first step you take on your own, by yourself! It doesn't matter if it's crazy or not. You can hold your head up high. I'll be watching you."

Negi let out a small chuckle. "Thank you very much." That's right, Negi said to himself. My mind is made up. His eyes turned determined ones as he pulled the elastic off the scroll. I've thought it over and reached a decision. It might be a mistake. I might be swallowed up in darkness. But… even so... so that I can keep walking along with everyone! So I can reach Father! I have to!

Opening the scroll up, Negi declared, "Rakan-san, I choose darkness!"

Rakan's eyes widened at the sudden declaration coming from the boy teacher. "Oh ho," he said. "This is unexpected. But, kid, you want to reach your Dad and Gohan, right? Are you sure?"

Negi nodded. "I'm not my father or Gohan. I can't become them just by copying them," he said. "If I have an affinity for darkness… I think following through with it is the only way to reach my Father and Gohan. Besides, I really like Master, too."

"Heh heh," chuckled the Invincible Idiot. "But you're underestimating darkness, kid. Now that you've opened that scroll, it's gonna be hard on you."

"I know that, too," Negi responded. "I know this scroll isn't ordinary. I'm prepared for that. I'll get through it."

"Oh! The brat talks big."

"Eh?" Negi said as he knew that voice from anywhere. But it wasn't possible. She couldn't leave Mahora Academy even if she wanted to due to the Thousand Master's curse. So why did Negi hear her? Suddenly, the scroll began to light up, a magic circle flashed onto the paper. Then in a flash, an apparition of one Evangeline M.C. Dowell appeared before the boy teacher. "Master?"

Eva let out a small grin. "You'll learn that darkness isn't so easy," she said as one of her arms suddenly turned all black. Then, without hesitation, she grabbed hold of Negi's head, pouring a huge amount of magic energy into him. The boy teacher cried out in sheer pain. "Overcome this trial. If you can't do that, it's over for you."

Negi's eyes widened as he cried out in pain even more. "UWAAAAH!"



* * *



Meanwhile…

In a faraway forest, near the town of Nyandoma, a battle was ensuing as a large amount of trees were being pulled from their roots and flying away. "GROWL!" roared a magical dragon as it began to chase down a certain someone that had dared to fight against it. This 'unfortunate' person was a young girl who was taller than the average teenage girl, dressed in a ninja outfit. Additionally, she was wearing a blindfold! But upon closer inspection, this girl was none other than Mahora's own ninja, Kaede!

Kaede, at the moment, was running from the magical dragon at full speed. She glanced back and even though she was blindfolded, she could tell that the dragon was fast approaching. It's more than 20 meters long and has such mobility and enormous stamina on top of that de gozaru, Kaede deduced. I see. Dragon types are formidable indeed! Better use that technique!

Jumping out of the forests with the dragon in tow, Kaede quickly turned around in mid-air. Summoning upon her ki, she flailed her arms to the side. "KAIO-KEN!" A crimson blazing aura surrounded the Mahora ninja as she dodged the incoming attacks from the dragon. Using her superior speed thanks to the Kaio-ken, Kaede prepared her attack. Putting her hands into an infamous hand sign, she called out, "KAGE NO BUSHIN!" Suddenly, five Kaede's appeared, catching the dragon by surprise!

Using that, Kaede continued with her attack. "KAEDE-NINPO! BAKUSA! BAKUENJIN!" Launching her gigantic shuriken, the five Kaede's went on the attack. The five shuriken surrounded the giant dragon all the while there were tags on the shuriken's chains. Putting up a hand sign, Kaede chanted, "NAMAK SAMANTA VAJRA NAN HAN!" Upon finishing her chant, the tags exploded, creating a large explosion and dealing a crushing blow to the dragon.

The explosion rocked the whole area, including down below where Konoka stood waiting for Kaede to finish her mission. "HYAAA!" Konoka squealed. "What was that?" Seeing no one around, Konoka shouted, "Kaede!" No response. Konoka began to worry. "It's been two whole hours. Don't tell me the Black Dragon got her."

"No need to worry de gozaru," spoke a voice. Konoka quickly turned around to see Kaede holding onto one of the dragon's horns. The Mahora ninja let out a small smile as she took off her blindfold. "Black Dragon extermination complete."

"Kaede!"

"Heh heh," chuckled the Mahora Ninja. "It seems I overdid it a little bit de gozaru." She, of course, was referring to the Black Dragon as it was out for the count.

Konoka nodded. "I got it!" she said. "I'll heal it!"

"I am in your debt," Kaede said. "Oh, make sure not to heal both horns de gozaru."

Konoka nodded once more as she took out her pactio card. "ADEAT!" Upon chanting the summoning words, a bright light engulfed the dark haired girl as her outfit changed into that of a Japanese priestess. "KOCHI NO HIOUGI HAE NO SUEHIRO!" Upon using her magic, beams of light flashed all over the dragon, getting a surprised look from the dragon and the Mahora Ninja herself.

Amazing, Kaede said to herself. She's healing such a gigantic creature de gozaru. Incredible. Then Kaede noticed that the dragon itself was waking up and growling. It could only mean one thing. Kaede flinched and got herself in a fighting stance as she noticed the movement. "Erk, no!" she said. "It's acting up again now that it's recovered! Konoka-dono, get back de gozaru."

But instead of backing up, Konoka did something unexpected. She went ahead and touched the dragon's nose. "Don't do bad things anymore," Konoka reprimanded the dragon. Kaede gaped in a bit of shock that Konoka had lectured the dragon. And it worked. The dragon understood the young girl and went off flying into the sky. Konoka waved goodbye at the dragon.

Kaede let out a sigh. "We've done as requested and broken one of its horns," she stated. "It most likely won't come back until its horn grows back next year de gozaru." Looking at Konoka as she reverted back to normal by saying 'Abeat', the Mahora Ninja let out a chuckle. "My, but you are incredible, Konoka-dono."

"Eehh? What's that mean?" Konoka said. "But talk about incredible, Kaede. What do you mean, beating the dragon blindfolded?"

"Oh, this?" Kaede replied, holding up the cloth that she used to blind herself in her battle against the dragon. "It's a part of my training. No… if this is all I can do, I still have a long way to go de gozaru."

Konoka was impressed. Kaede's expression looked like that of Gohan when they went to Eva's resort for the first time. But lately, everyone in the Negima club had been getting that same look. Gohan was becoming an influence in their lives. Looking up at the sky, she mentally prayed for Gohan's wellbeing as Kaede picked up the horn and strapped it on her back.

Within minutes, the two had arrived at the gates of the village of Nyandoma. Once Konoka and Kaede had entered the village, they were greeted upon by its residents with various comments heard at the same time:

"Hey! Isn't that the Black Dragon's horn!?"

"So Kaede-chan did it!?"

"She did it! The slit-eyed girl did it!"

"Looks like her strength is for real."

"Wow, you did good, girls."

"Now, now, go get your reward from the village elder," spoke up one of its residents who had cute looking bear ears on her head. "With our village in the middle of nowhere, even the border patrol never shows up right away. You're live-savers!" Kaede and Konoka both blushed at the compliment. "Compared to you, the Vagabonds staying with us are completely useless!"

The Vagabonds quickly flinched. "Give us a break, ma'am!" one of them responded.

"It's a Black Dragon!"

"Oh, but we were only able to exterminate one of the two dragons that attacked the village de gozaru," Kaede mentioned.

"Don't you worry about that!" the bear-eared woman said. "I hear a pair of traveling bounty hunters took care of the other one! We're safe now. And there was almost no damage. Our village really is lucky this year."

"Oh, I see," Kaede responded.

"Stop by my place later! I'll treat you to the best cooking on the frontier!"

Kaede nodded as she waved goodbye at everyone who went back to their duties in the village. "It's strange, isn't it?" commented the Mahora Ninja. "To think that this power that was useless back in our world could make people so happy. Right, Konoka-dono?" A few moments passed as Kaede noticed that Konoka hadn't responded to her comment. She turned her head and noticed a depressing look on her face. "Konoka-dono?"

Konoka continued to not respond as it would seem she was worried about something or someone. The Mahora Ninja let out a chuckle, snapping Konoka out of her state. "It's unusual to see you so depressed, Konoka-dono de gozaru."

"Eh!?" Konoka said, flustered. "Oh, no! I'm not really…"

"It's all right," Kaede interrupted. "Negi-bozu and Gohan-kun were fine. I'm sure Setsuna-dono and Asuna-don are, too. Cheer up."

But as soon as Kaede said that, she and Konoka heard something similar to what Kaede said earlier. "Come on, cheer up already!" Kaede and Konoka turned their attention towards the direction of that voice. Their eyes began to widened by the second as the conversation continued.

"But we know for certain that Ojou-sama is in this area, and we're wasting time slaying dragons."

"So what. I hear we can make a mint selling this horn."

"Gasp! I'm sorry! That must be heavy! I'll take it!"

"It's fine! Besides, this helps me practice my Kankaho."

Then everyone's eyes met each other as the two people who were talking before were none other than Asuna and Setsuna! Asuna was carrying a dragon's horn, the same one like that of Kaede's. Konoka's, Setsuna's and Asuna's eyes had widened in surprise upon seeing Konoka. Setsuna began to tear up when suddenly she was hugged, more like tackled, by a crying Konoka. "SE-CHAN!"

As Asuna greeted the Mahora Ninja, Konoka nuzzled all over Setsuna's face. "Se-chan, Se-chan, I missed you so much!" The swordswoman didn't know what to do as she was both extremely happy and embarrassed by being hugged by her childhood friend. But within moments, Konoka switched targets as she went to hug Asuna, leaving a staggering Setsuna. "And Asuna! I'm so glad you're safe!"

"Oh come on, Konoka! Calm down!" Asuna exclaimed. Luckily Konoka calmed herself down but not before jumping on top of Setsuna one last time. "Anyway, now we've got four members of Negima club together!" The villagers clapped in cheer however they were unsure of what was going on.

Asuna then turned to Konoka as they began their girl talk. "What have you been doing, Asuna?" Konoka asked.

"Hmmm, I guess bounty hunting with Setsuna-san. Avoiding big cities as much as we can."

"Oooh, just like us! Only I was fortune-telling, too."

"Ah ha ha! I knew it!"

Kaede, meanwhile, noticed something strange about Asuna's aura as well as her ki. "Asuna-dono's skills have improved, haven't they?" she asked.

"You can tell, Kaede?" The Mahora Ninja nodded at Setsuna's comment as the swordswoman continued. "She improved while we worked as bounty hunters, defeating magical beasts and attacking the bounty hunters that came after us."

"I see."

After finishing her talk with Konoka, Asuna knew it was time to get to business. "All right! Now that we have everyone together, it's time for the next step," she said. Konoka and Kaede blinked a few times in confusion as to what Asuna was referring to but before they could ask, Asuna went to the nearest village resident and asked, "Excuse me, we would like to speak with the Village Elder."

"What for?"

Asuna's eyebrows furrowed a bit as she said this next part. "The transport beam to Planet Minerva."



* * *



Meanwhile…

Back at Rakan's place, things were getting worse. After Eva's apparition grabbed hold of Negi, the boy teacher went down cold and started to pant heavily. Chisame and Rakan brought him to a laid out futon under some shade from the sun. Negi constantly grabbed his chest as he moved around in his sheets.

"Dammit!" shouted Chisame as she took out a towel from a water basket. "His fever won't go down!" After laying a wet towel over on Negi's head, Chisame turned to Rakan. "Hey! What the hell did that woman do!? And where did she go!?"

"That woman? You mean Eva's double?" Rakan said, knowing full well what Chisame was talking about. "That's an inferior copy of Eva. An artificial spirit. It's probably inside the kid right now. It's a trial to see if he can fully master the darkness. If the kid can't overcome this trial, either he'll never wake up again, or at the very least, he'll never be able to use magic again."

Chisame's eyes flung wide open in shock. "What! I never heard anything about this! If I'd known, I would have sto–" Chisame then realized that it was pointless to argue because it was too late. Even if they had known about this 'dishonest' method, Negi would have still picked this option. After all, he wanted to get stronger in order to beat Fate and General Rilldo so to never experience that helpless feeling at the Gateport. Chisame clenched her fists tightly in anger. Dammit!



* * *



Inside Negi's mind…

"Ngh," the boy teacher sounded as he slowly opened his eyes to see himself in a white room with only a lamp post from Mahora Academy. "Where am I?" He asked as he got up slowly. Taking a glance around the place, he knew he wasn't at Rakan's or even in Mundus Magicus anymore. Then suddenly, Negi felt something; a huge spike in his senses as he felt a tremendous power overshadowing him. He knew right away who it belong to.

"En garde." Negi turned around to see the Dark Mage herself, Evangeline A. K. McDowell! A mage's cloak overlapped her body except for her right arm as it was engulfed in a bright light. Negi recognized it to be a magical sword. "If you don't brace yourself, you'll die."

A nervous sweat began to slide down on Negi's face. "M-Master…"

Eva let out an evil grin. "Although it will only be a mental death." Then she went on the attack, ready to kill the boy teacher with her magic sword. Without any effort, she brought her sword into a downward strike, directed straight at Negi. The boy teacher saw Eva's swift attack, and with a yell of shock, he leapt to the side, just as the Dark Mage's blade came down on him. The sword struck the earth, cracking it and seemingly splitting the ground completely in two. The energy of the attack traveled on, a massive split starting from the tip of her blade and moving forward towards the lamppost as it was split right down the middle.

Negi gritted his teeth. But as soon as he brought his head up, he saw that Eva was on the attack again! Clenching his right fist, Negi quickly summoned his own magic sword, blocking Eva's attack. The Dark Vampire was a bit impressed. "Oohh? Ensis Exsequens? So you copy me," she said. "I see, I see. So that was your intent all along. But don't think that I am the only one here."

Negi's eyes widened. "What?" He yelled when he felt a powerful blow to the face from Evangeline. Using his ki to halt his momentum, Negi quickly got up from the ground only to see Eva chanting something. When he heard a few of the words, Negi's flung wide open. He remembered something similar happening, when he fought against Wilhelm because as soon as Eva finished her spell, a dark, empty circle appeared right next to her. And within moments, a figure was pulled out from the emptiness of the circle. Negi's eyes widened by the second as the figure started to full take shape. The boy teacher couldn't believe what he was seeing.

Eva let out a grin, excited in seeing such a look on the boy teacher's face. "You like it?" taunted the Dark Vampire. "As much as I want to fight you, I think the best way for you to learn about darkness is for you to face him." A dark light burst out of the mysterious figure. And as soon as it did, Negi got a good look at the newcomer. He wore blue boots with yellow laces tied around them, orange baggy pants, a blue dogi belt, and an orange tank-top with a normal blue tank-top underneath it. He had spikey raven hair with a few bangs in front of his forehead.

Negi knew who this person was as soon as he appeared from the dark circle. He knew because of this person's ki signature; one that was always with him and felt great joy upon sensing it. It was Son Gohan! Negi was in shock upon seeing the half saiyan here. "What is Gohan doing here?" he asked the Dark Mage.

Eva grinned. "That's easy. It's because he is a part of you," she explained.

"What?" Negi said but as soon as he said that, he felt a punch to his guy. He keeled over and spat out some bile. He then got a good look at Gohan as he noticed something strange about him. His face was vacant, as if he were a mindless fighting machine. There were no pupils in his eyes; only the instinct to kill. It was like staring at the Legendary Super Saiyan all over again. Then, a light shone on Negi's face as he saw this Dark Gohan forming a ki ball in his other hand. Negi quickly put some distance from Dark Gohan and braced himself for the impact of the blast. And sure enough it came; unrestricted and powerful.

"Uwaah!" screamed the boy teacher as he was flying backwards. Luckily though, he was able to stop his momentum by placing his feet hard into the ground, creating a trench along its wake. Bringing his arms down, Negi got a good look at his surroundings as he was no longer in the white room but rather in Mahora Academy! Negi was in shock as he glanced at his environment. However, he quickly got himself in a fighting stance as soon as he felt Dark Gohan's presence.

"Ha ha ha ha!" laughed the Dark Vampire as she floated in the sky. "To think there would be someone foolish enough to choose Darkness of his own free will."

Negi gritted his teeth. "Even though we are probably in my mind, Gohan shouldn't be like this! What have you done to him!?" the boy teacher shouted.

"I didn't do anything to him at all," Eva replied. "All I did was remove his 'inhibitors' and allowed him to become the true Saiyan warrior that he was meant to become; the warrior that you want to achieve. After all, this domain is that of Darkness. But what is darkness, boya? The shadow opposing light. The night opposing day. Right and wrong. Good and evil. Order and chaos. Rationality and irrationality. But what you need right now is a simpler power."

Upon saying that, Dark Gohan started to do something that caught Negi's interest. Taking a firmer stance, Dark Gohan glared hard at Negi. Suddenly, the ground around him began to crackle with a fiercer display of golden, electrical currents. The tiles and earth even began to shake. Suddenly, golden electricity consumed Dark Gohan and began flickering around him, shooting outwards. The currents moved up and down them, as well as across the ground as the field of power expanded and then contracted.

Negi gaped as he knew what the Dark half saiyan was about to do. Eva grinned even harder as she greatly enjoyed tormenting Negi Springfield by allowing Dark Gohan to go ahead with his transformation. "And it is a dark hole that will swallow everything, the beginning darkness… the original chaos."

Bringing himself into a strong stance, Dark Gohan reared his head back and let out a tremendous cry of power, a shock wave exploding out of him, cracking the ground beneath him and Negi and sending dust everywhere. With that it began, he bent lower and gritted his teeth, groaning in agony as more golden bolts of lightning began shooting out around him. Currents ran up and down his body, sparks flying. Then, with a burst of golden light, a radioactive, golden glow began to illuminate off of him, followed by a strange loss of gravity. Debris began to rise off of the ground and float around him, caught up in his field of power. In another burst of light, his hair suddenly flashed light blonde, spiking up a bit and stiffening from its previous state. The lightning storm around him was growing with more intensity, with more debris beginning to rise.

As Gohan's energy rose, flames of energy began coursing out and around him before suddenly, with one last, bellowing yell, he rose up to full height and powered up. Lifting off the ground a couple of feet, Gohan's golden aura exploded around him, unleashing a gale of wind and a tremendous explosion of force. The winds continued to blow fiercely, but then they all died, leaving a silent wind once again.

Negi gaped as he gazed upon Dark Gohan standing in his raging energy display. The dark demi-saiyan was surrounded by a fierce, golden aura, golden bolts of electricity shooting out and around him. His hair was blonde and, like his gi, was waving in the winds of his aura. To add to this, his muscle span had increased and he was surrounded by a golden, radioactive glow. Plus, he carried only one bang across his face. Dark Gohan had transformed into a Super Saiyan 2!

Negi started to slightly tremble due to the amazing power that overlapping his entire body. This power was completely different from the last time he had seen it during the battle against the Legendary Super Saiyan. "If you don't understand what I mean," Eva continued, snapping Negi out of his state, "you will lose to me and the assistant here. And die."

"The beginning darkness that swallows everything…" Negi repeated, unsure of what she meant by that. However, at the moment, Negi was more worried about Dark Gohan. Calm down, Negi said to himself. This Gohan is no more than an illusion created from my memories and imagination – in other words, my shadow. It seems Master took out all the good points of Gohan and aligned him straight with Darkness, allowing himself to be swallowed by Saiyan instinct. If that's true, then there is no way I can win. Negi, of course, was referring to the battle that he recently had with a Golden Giant Ape and how powerful the Saiyan instinct was.

"Of course, you should already know what I mean," Eva said.

Negi's eyes widened. "Eh?" But before he could ask any further, he felt a tremendous heading towards him. Powering up, Dark Gohan shot at Negi full speed. With a new power build, he struck out with his right palm, intent on knocking his opponent down. Negi, however, was ready. He grabbed Dark Gohan's wrist and sent his own punch at him. The Dark demi-saiyan grabbed his fist, and quickly acting on fighter's instinct, spread his arms out. As a result he pulled Negi towards him. When he did, he drove his knee straight into his gut, knocking Negi back with a shockwave resounding.



* * *



The outside world…

At that same moment, Negi coughed out blood. "Sensei!" Chisame shouted as she went to attend to the boy teacher. "Hey, mister, he coughed up blood, dammit! Wasn't the only danger supposed to be in his head?"

Rakan raised his eyebrow. "What? Blood? Really?" He said. "So he's got a pretty good alignment there. Maybe I was right to think he was suited for darkness. But I guess this is bad."

"Why?"

"If he's not careful, he'll seriously die."

Chisame jerked in shock. "HEY!" Suddenly, Chisame felt blood splatter on her face. She turned her head to see Negi being inflicted with more scratches and cuts on his body. Large amounts of blood came out, freaking out Chisame. "GYAAAH!"

"This is bad," Rakan commented.

"Sensei!" Chisame shouted. "Hey, Sensei! You okay!? Hang in there!"

Rakan smirked as he started to rummage in his inner coat. "I've been saving these for a time like this," he said as he pulled some leaves, Artemisia leaves to be exact. "Mash these up and spread them over his wounds. It should help."

"Wha– me? Why?"

"You're the kid's guardian, aren't you, Chisame-jouchan? Besides, no matter how you look at it, you were the one who gave the kid the final push."

Chisame gritted her teeth as she took the Artemisia leaves from Rakan's grasp. "No one would normally think his life would be in danger!" Chisame shouted angrily. "I did think it was a big choice, but!"

"You underestimated things, then," Rakan said. "When a man makes a choice, it's always life or death."

"And if you knew, why didn't you stop him? He's your friend's son. What are you gonna do if he dies?"

"If he dies, that just means that's all he was. The kid should have been prepared for that, too."

"Sorry, but I really hate that fantasy-style, out-of-touch-with-reality way of talking," Chisame commented. "I'm from a different world; I don't even want to understand."

"Really? I don't think they're that different."

"There's a big difference in the whole life-or-death-risk thing, stupid!"

Rakan chuckled. "Well, yeah. It's true that if he dies, that's it." Rummaging once again through his coat, Rakan pulled out a dagger that encased in black with an eye at the handle. "You can have this. If you decide there's no possible way he can do it, then stab Eva's scroll with this knife. He'll never be able to use Dark Magic again, but it'll save the kid's life."

Chisame gritted her teeth. That's for me to decide? Chisame said to herself. She then looked once more at Negi and clenched her fists in frustration. "DAMMIT!"



* * *



Meanwhile…

Back at the village of Nyandoma, Asuna was able to be granted an audience with the Village Elder. Kaede, Konoka and Setsuna had come along as well. As they waited to speak with the Village Elder, Asuna and Setsuna explained their plan to Konoka and Kaede about going to Planet Minerva and collecting the Calicem Crystallinum. However, little did they know that above near the edge of the roof laid a small robot creature with a lens in the middle and floating as to try and not grab unwanted attention.

Kaede and Konoka were about to voice their opinions about the plan when the Village Elder came in. He was an old man, dressed in traditional Japanese clothes consisting of an orange, a red and a black robe tied together with a dark green sash. He had gray mane-like hair, reaching down to the ground. All four girls bowed in greeting at the Village Elder as he let out a small smile. "Well if it isn't Kaede-chan and Kono-chan? I want to thank you two for helping us with the Black Dragon," he said as he took a seat. He then noticed the other two girls. "Who are these young ladies?"

"They are the ones who took down the other Black Dragon, Elder-sama," one of the village residents said.

"I see. I want to thank you all for helping our village," the Village Elder said as he bowed in appreciation towards his four guests.

"Heh heh, that's okay sir," Asuna said, blushing slightly at the appreciation. "We do what we can for everyone. Besides, I don't like seeing people being hurt because of misfortune, just like someone I know."

The Village Elder chuckled. "You have a good spirit," he said with a bright smile on his face. "I like you. We should have more of you in this land. Our troubles would be solved quickly."

"Hopefully that can be soon Elder-sama," Setsuna said.

The Village Elder nodded. "That I hope so. But anyways, what can I do for you ladies?"

Asuna gulped at the sound of the Village Elder's question as a nervous sweat slide down on the side of her face. It was now or never for her. "Sir, we were wondering if you could lead us to the transport beam to Planet Minerva."

The Village Elder's smile quickly disappeared as a serious look overtook his face. "And what purpose would you want to know the location of this 'transport'?"

The atmosphere in the room turned tense. Setsuna began to fear that this plan might not work after all. She needed to say something as she noticed that Asuna was trembling. "Elder-sama, we just want to visit Planet Minerva. We could perhaps learn some new magic skills."

"Are you sure?" The Village Elder asked as he furrowed his eyebrows.

Setsuna nodded in response. "We only just want to know if we can use the transport t–"

"We want to collect the Calicem Crystallinum!" Asuna interrupted, causing everyone's eyes to widened in shock. The Village Elder's eyebrows were so widened it seemed they would go up to the roof. "We want to collect the Calicem Crystallinum."

"Asuna-san…"

"Setsuna-san, I know it seems brash but we don't have time to sit around. We have to help Gohan and Negi!"

"'Help Gohan and Negi'?" repeated the Village Elder. "What are you planning to use the Calicem Crystallinum for?"

Asuna collected a deep breathe. "We want to help our friends Gohan and Negi in getting stronger. There are these two guys that are incredibly strong who separated everyone from our group," explained the orange haired girl. "As you probably would have guessed, we are not from the Magical World and we need to get everyone safely back home. However, we believe that these two guys will stop like before. That is why we want Gohan and Negi to get stronger as well as gather everyone in our group and go home." Bowing down in request as she place her head on the floor, Asuna begged, "Please, let us use the transport to go to Planet Minerva and collect the Calicem Crystallinum."

The girls were shocked that Asuna would go so far to ask for a favor. "Asuna-san…"

"Asuna…"

"Asuna-dono…"

Even the residents were shocked at a girl like Asuna bowing to the Village Elder like that. The atmosphere in the room was now quiet. "I see," spoke up the Village Elder. "I was right the first time. You really do have a good spirit. You really do care about your friends don't you?"

"More than anything," Asuna immediately responded.

The Village Elder smiled. "In that case, I will allow you to use the transport to go to Planet Minerva," he said.

The girls' mouths widened in happiness especially Asuna's. All of them bowed in gratitude at the Village Elder. "Thank you very much!"

The Village Elder chuckled slightly. "There is no need for such acts. After all you saved our village from those Black Dragons for the time being. It is the least we can do for such kind hearted people," he said.

Asuna then turned to the group and raised her fist in the air. "We did it! Yatta!" All of them showed their own gratitude in their own way. Konoka began to wonder how fantasy like Planet Minerva would be, while Setsuna and Kaede began to think on who they might face there. Asuna, meanwhile, was just glad that her efforts had finally paid off.

"However," spoke up the Village Elder, interrupting the girls' celebration, "it won't be an easy ride. The residents of Planet Minerva usually don't take too kindly to strangers. In addition, they won't hand the Calicem Crystallinum easily just because of your story. You will have to endure incredible odds in order to collect them."

"We understand that," Setsuna stated. "But we are willing to do anything for our friends and for us to get home safely." Asuna, Kaede and Konoka nodded in agreement with what Setsuna said.

"I like your tenacity. Hope you do well in your journey," the Village Elder said as he stood up. "Follow me and I will take you to the transport beam." The girls nodded happily as they followed the Village Elder out the backdoor but little did they know that the entire conversation was seen by the floating robot as it relayed back to its source.



* * *



Meanwhile…

Back at Granicus, Natsumi was taking a slight break from her work. She needed to cool off her nerves ever since Negi left for his training, leaving behind Kotarou and Gohan to worry about the tournament. Luckily though, they were one match away from winning the right to participate in the National Martial Arts held in the ruined city of Ostia. However, that didn't help Natsumi much as she was now more worried than before about Kotarou. She noticed the hanyou had been pushing himself more and she hoped that he wouldn't push himself too hard.

Letting out a sigh, she looked up at the night sky, mentally praying that they could get everyone and go home soon. She was starting to miss her mundane life believe or not. Besides that though, she had learned more about Kotarou and what they were facing against. But as soon as she started thinking that, her face immediately blushed. She quickly shook her head, repeating the mantra that she was Kotarou's guardian, nothing more. She looked up once more and suddenly noticed something approaching, fast.

Natsumi began to shriek, thinking that it might be another attack. However, that was not the case as she quickly noticed that it was one of Kazumi's robots approaching her. Her eyes widened since the last time that she saw one was when Kazumi told Kotarou that they had found Ku Fei up in the mountains, training while being a bodyguard. As soon as the robot landed on the railing, she quickly went to fetch the hanyou. "Kotarou-kun! A message from Asakura-san!" she cried out.

The dog boy's eyebrows widened upon hearing that as he rushed over to the small floating robot. Grabbing hold of the speaker as if it were a telephone, Kotarou began to speak with Kazumi. "Hey Kazumi-neechan, what's up? You found someone else?" Kotarou nodded at every sentence that he heard. "You found them! Where are they? Nyandoma? Where is that?" Then suddenly, Kotarou's eyes flung wide open. "They what!"

"What's going on, Kotarou-kun?" Natsumi asked.

"Asuna-neechan and Setsuna-neechan had met up with Kaede-neechan and Konoka-neechan at the village of Nyandoma," Kotarou replied.

Natsumi clapped her hands in happiness. "That's great news!"

Kotarou shook his head as his face turned serious. "No it isn't," the hanyou said as he placed the receiver back into the robot. "I just learned that they are going to do a side trip on their way to Ostia."

"Side trip? To where?"

"Planet Minerva."

"Another place here in the Magical World?"

Kotarou shook his head. "No. Another planet."

Natsumi gasped. "But why would they go there?"

"Apparently they want to collect the Calicem Crystallinum to grant a wish," Kotarou said. He then glanced at Natsumi and noticed the confused look on her face. Sighing, Kotarou proceeded with an explanation on what the Calicem Crystallinum was and what it can do.

Natsumi was shocked when she heard all that as Kotarou finished his explanation on the Calicem Crystallinum. "This is all of what I heard from the others as I wasn't there when that Ku:Nel Sanders dude told the whole story."

"But isn't this a good thing? They are going to try to get a wish granted for our sakes," Natsumi commented.

"Yeah, but what happens if something bad happens to them, like say they can't come back to Mundus Magicus. What then?" Kotarou stated.

"I see." Natsumi bowed her head slightly as she realized what Kotarou meant. If something bad happened to them, then all of their efforts in getting everyone back safely to Mahora Academy will be wasted. "We should tell Gohan-sensei about this."

"No," Kotarou said. "We can't let Gohan-niisan know about this. Knowing him, he would immediately rush to their aid without thinking. That's how deeply he cares about everyone." The hanyou gritted his teeth and clenched his fists in frustration as he began to think the next step. "God dammit. Looks like I will have to be the one to stop them!"

"B-But… Kotarou-kun…"

"Don't worry Natsumi-neechan," Kotarou said with a foxy grin on his face. "I will be all right."

"But why you? Gohan-sensei can do it too."

"No he can't," Kotarou responded. "We only have one more match to win in order to get the right to participate in that tournament and we can't have both of us gone chasing. Besides, if something bad happens, Gohan-niisan will be here to help out. After all, he is the strongest out of all of us. You will be safer under him. Trust me."

Natsumi was unsure of what to say. She definitely needed to tell Gohan about what was going on but after what Kotarou had to say, it seemed like a better idea to let Kotarou handle this. She looked at the hanyou and smiled. "You better come back quickly, Kotarou-kun. Otherwise, I will have to tell Gohan-sensei about this."

"Heh heh," chuckled Kotarou as he gave a reassuring smile at Natsumi. "Don't you worry, Natsumi-neechan. I will have everyone back here before you know it." Then a bright blue blazing aura surrounded the young hanyou as he shot up straight up and dashed across the night sky.

As the light from Kotarou's blazing aura disappeared in the distance, Natusmi could only watch from the railing. "Please be careful, Kotarou-kun."

Up in the sky, Kotarou was going at full speed. Feeling the strong wind on his face, the hanyou pressed on. "Kuso," he muttered to no one in particular. "Why did they have to pull this right now? Can't they do this another time? Damn that Asuna-neechan. I knew she was stupid but I didn't think that she was that stupid. Now I know why Gohan-niisan and Negi worry about their students much. I just hope I make it in time before they get to the transport."

But as soon as he said, Kotarou was hit unexpectedly across the face by a powerful blow. The blow was strong but not something would send the hanyou flying into a building. Kotarou flipped in mid-air and glanced around to find his attack. He couldn't believe that he left himself wide open for an attack like that. He should have sensed it! "Where are you!?" shouted Kotarou. "That was a pretty cheap shot that you gave me! Come out and face me!"

"As you wish," spoke a voice behind the hanyou that got him surprised. Before Kotarou could get a good look at the person behind him, he felt his danger senses tingling. Moving to the side, he dodged an incoming attack. He took a good inspection of the attack as it wasn't any regular attack but rather black ribbons.

"Black ribbons?" Kotarou muttered as he instinctively dodged another attack. He began to curse at his situation. If the enemy was going to use black ribbons as his method of attack, it was best to not be in the sky where he was an open target. He needed to get to a residential area but not too heavily populated. However, because of the speed that he was going at, he was kilometers away from the city. Luckily though, the city of Moer was right beneath him. Using his ki, he quickly descended to the ground and landed on a roof of one of the tall buildings in the city. As did his opponent.

Kotarou then got a good look. It was a tall figure, dressed in black. His arms surrounded by black ribbons and a black cape that flapped in the wind. What was the most interesting feature of this character was his mask. His mask was that of a jester's but not funny. His mouth was in a frown and a tear was coming from its drawn eye. It was Kagetarō!

"Are you Kojirō Ogami?" Kagetarō asked.

"Yeah, and who the hell are you?" Kotarou shouted back.

"It shouldn't matter as you will die soon but I was wondering where Nagi Springfield is? I hear that you are his partner during the Gladiator matches. You should know where he is."

Kotarou glared at the shadow man as soon as he had mentioned about Negi. "I don't actually and why do you care? What is it to you?"

"I wish to continue our match from last time," Kagetarō said. "As soon as I learned that he was the son of the Thousand Master, I knew that I had left such a prize escape from me. I won't be making the same mistake twice."

Kotarou's eyes widened when heard that Kagetarō figured out Negi's real identity. But there was something else that caught his attention. "Wait what match? What are you talking about?" he asked.

Kagetarō flinched slightly. "I see, so he hasn't told you about me, has he? Well in that case, let's just say that I was the one who cut off his arm and left him in a bad state."

Kotarou's eyes flung wide open. "W-Wait, that was you!?"

The shadow fighter nodded. Kagetarō then noticed that Kotarou's body trembling; his face hidden from the view. "Are you surprised?" he asked. "Are you scared that I left your friend in such a bad state?" The hanyou didn't respond, which meant to the shadow fighter that he was scared. "It is perfectly normal to feel like that. Now, I wish to know the location of Nagi Springfield. If you don't wish to die painfully, you will tell me where he is."

"No."

"Hm?"

"In answer to your earlier question, I am not surprised or scared," Kotarou said as he lifted his head, wide grin on his face. "I'm actually excited. If you were able to left him in that state, then that must mean you are strong. I am going to use you for my training and also, get back for what you did to him."

"I see," Kagetarō said as he got himself in a stance. "So be it."

Kotarou balled his fists as he summoned upon incredible ki. He then did a particular move set that was intriguing to the shadow fighter. A black blazing aura then surrounded Kotarou as he got himself in a stance as well. A few moments staring passed by and within a second the fight began as Kotarou disappeared into super speed.

Just then, Kagetarō's sense of fighting came over him and he was able to see through Kotarou's high speeds. The hanyou appeared in front of him, on course of striking at him. But Kagetarō was ready for this. He dodged the incoming attack. In so doing, he had a clear shot at his opponent. Using the momentum to his advantage, he sent his fist into Kotarou's face. The blow was tremendous, staggering Kotarou and shocking him at how strong Kagetarō really was.

Backing away, Kotarou took to the air. As soon as he saw Kotarou take flight, he lifted his arm up and sent his black ribbons forward and pursued the hanyou. Kotarou growled and pulled his right hand back, throwing it forward and unleashing a devastating energy blast. The blast destroyed the incoming black ribbons but Kagetarō easily avoided the blast as he leapt up into the sky. He then hooked around Kotarou's flank, before coming in and taking him. Kotarou was ready to defend himself. Soon enough, the two were locked in a heated battle.

Flashing into super speed, the two fighters engaged. The fight took them to a whole new dimension of combat. Fists collided and kicks were launched, both fighters staggering each other. The people of the city noticed a fight was going on. They had their eyes trailing the skies to try and catch sight of them. They could see shock waves and explosions occurring all over the sky, and whenever the fighters dropped altitude, their fight would carry on along the city landscape. They saw Kotarou and Kagetarō fly at each other, lock in a death battle with fists, kicks, ki blasts and black ribbons flying before they eventually kicked off of each other and flew off in different directions.

Kagetarō would often take pot shots at Kotarou and fire off a barrage of black ribbons. Kotarou was prepared and was able to avoid them. He would then charge up his own attack and throw it at Kagetarō as counter measures. Kagetarō would occasionally run into a couple of them and suffer two degree burns, but was alright. Then, the whole process of charging, fighting and breaking would continue again.

Kotarou spun through the air, coming down back down and landing hard on his own two feet. He then spun around, knowing he was being chased by Kagetarō. He was correct. Just some meters ahead of him, a tall building suddenly split and sunk; a trail of breaking debris suddenly emerging and heading straight for him at break neck speeds. Kotarou gritted his teeth as he dodged them by the skin of his teeth.

Kotarou then countered Kagetarō's attack and charged at him, fist cranked back. Kagetarō spotted Kotarou's charge and flew at him in kind. Within seconds they reached each other, with Kagetarō's fist coming straight at Kotarou. The hanyou pulled back and avoided it, Kagetarō passing over slightly before he spun through the air and sent a few black ribbons at his opponent. Kotarou, already having avoided the punch, ducked and shifted underneath Kagetarō's attack.

The shadowy fighter then dropped and began throwing combinations of punches and kicks at the hanyou. Kotarou dodged the first three before being forced to block the next barrage. After taking on a hook and catching it between his arms, Kagetarō then jabbed down, striking him below the ribcage. Kotarou chocked at the vital point blow before being hammered in the chin and then across the face. Kagetarō then leapt at him and began hammering blows away into Kotarou's body.

Kotarou could do nothing during this beating, and just waited for his opponent to slip up. He eventually did, allowing the hanyou to slip out. Kotarou shifted, spinning around and throwing a yellow ball of energy at Kagetarō. The shadowy fighter slapped the attack away and countered with another barrage of black ribbons. The barrage tore through the air and straight for Kotarou. The hanyou couldn't do anything but block as he received the incoming attack.

Within seconds, Kotarou was grounded, his body scrapping a deep trench into before stopping several meters after impact. Scarred, bruised and suffering from ground-friction burns, Kotarou staggered back to his feet. With a quick recount of what had just happened, Kotarou powered up once more, his aura growing to twice its original size as he powered up to his maximum. Just as he did so, Kagetarō landed atop of a tall building not too far from Kotarou's position. The hanyou took up a firm stance and glared his opponent down with narrowed eyes and clenched teeth.

Kagetarō was definitely impressed at Kotarou's skill as he grinned underneath his mask. "You definitely have some skill but you are no match for me," taunted the shadow man.

"Oh yeah! I am much stronger than you!"

"True but I outpace you in terms of speed, especially when it comes to my black ribbons."

Kotarou clenched his fists in frustration. It's true, Kotarou said to himself. I am only able to be in this fight because of the difference in our strength. If he were stronger in terms of ki, I wouldn't have last this long. I definitely need to find a way to beat him without having to face those black ribbons of his. But how? But as soon as Kotarou tried to move, his right leg jolted and the hanyou felt an influx of pain. Kuso, not now!

"Hmph. It seems that your body has reached its limit," Kagetarō stated. "As expected. But you can avoid a ghastly death if you tell where Nagi Springfield is."

"I don't know where he is," Kotarou responded. "But even if I did know, I wouldn't tell to the likes of you!"

"I see. So be it. I warned you that this outcome was to be expected. It was nice to have fought against you, Kojirō Ogami." The shadowy fighter then pulled back his hand, throwing it forward and unleashing a more powerful attack. "CENTUM LANCEAE UMBRAE!" Kagetarō cried.

The attack was incredible for he sent millions of black ribbons and looked to be able to consume Kotarou without any trouble whatsoever. Kotarou braced himself for the pain. But that was not to be. Suddenly, out of nowhere a giant ki blast tore through the sky and placed itself in front of the incoming black ribbons, tearing them apart. The ki blast went upwards to the sky, illuminating before detonation.

Kotarou and Kagetarō were both surprised at the sudden turn of events. They quickly moved their heads towards the direction of the blast. They looked up and noticed a figure entrenched in a white cape, standing upon a very tall flag pole. The wind blew hard at the cape when suddenly it changed direction and revealed Kotarou's savior. It was a tall man, dressed in a slight purple martial arts dogi, wearing a white cape over his shoulders and a turban on his head. Kotarou immediately knew who it was. It was his master, Piccolo!

"Piccolo-san!" Kotarou cried out.

The Namekian smirked as he heard Kotarou's greeting. "It is good to see you again Kotarou," he said.

"What are you doing here?" the hanyou asked.

"This woman called Donet had called for reinforcements after the whole Gateport incident," replied the Namekian. "Takamichi and some tanned tall girl were called in. I followed them once I heard about it."

Kotarou's eyebrows widened. "Then do you know the…"

"No I don't," Piccolo interrupted as he floated down from the flag pole. "However, I do know that you have somewhere to be right now. You were going to stop the girls from going to Planet Minerva weren't you?"

Kotarou flinched. "W-Wait how do you know?"

"My hearing is much better than that of a human's. However, that is not the issue here," Piccolo said as his smirk went away as he turned his attention towards the shadow man, Kagetarō. "You need to get going. I will handle things here."

"But Piccolo-san, you are going to need my help on this one. He is very fast," Kotarou said.

Piccolo then let out a grin. "Good, a worthy challenger. Kotarou!" Piccolo then threw something at the hanyou. He grabbed and inspected the object. It was a small green bean. Kotarou didn't know what it was at first until the Namekian said, "Eat it. It's a Senzu bean."

Kotarou's eyes widened when he heard that. He heard about the Senzu bean but he didn't expect to be so small. He proceeded to eat the bean, allowing it to heal his wound and stamina. Kotarou was definitely impressed by the bean's capabilities. He was ready for action once again. But before he could do anything, Piccolo had started to take off his cape and turban. Kotarou knew it meant only one thing: Piccolo was going to go serious against this shadow fighter. He had known the Namekian long enough to know that.

"What are you doing Kotarou!?" Piccolo shouted as he tossed his weighted cape and turban to the side, crushing the ground underneath it. This drew an intriguing look from Kagetarō. Piccolo continued with his command. "You need to get going if you are going to stop them!"

"B-But…"

"I will handle things here," Piccolo continued. "Go!"

Kotarou gulped, unsure what to do. The only options he had were either help his master or go and stop the girls from going to Planet Minerva. He chose the latter as he chose to have faith in his master in stopping Kagetarō. "Right," the hanyou nodded as he brought forth his blue blazing aura around him. "Be careful, Piccolo-san." With that, he jumped into the sky and sped off towards the village of Nyandoma, leaving Piccolo and Kagetarō behind.

"Are you sure that you want to fight me alone?" Kagetarō asked. "You could have easily defeated me with the two of you attacking at the same time. Even I would have a hard time."

Piccolo smirked. "Don't count it. I am nothing like the dog boy," he said as he cracked his neck, slamming his right fist into his left palm and loosening his muscles. "I had watched your fight with him from a far. Your black ribbons are fast, faster than I had anticipated."

"I see that you are impressed with my skills," Kagetarō responded. "Tell me, those pieces of clothes that you took off recently, they were weighted weren't they?" The Namekian gave no response, which only one thing for the shadow man. "I see. This is going to be interesting. Bring it on."

Piccolo grinned. "Of course," he said as he and Kagetarō got themselves in a stance.



* * *



Meanwhile…

Back at the village of Nyandoma, the Village Elder was guiding Asuna, Setsuna, Konoka and Kaede away from the village and towards the transport. Konoka was bit worried on where they were being taken until they had arrived an odd looking building. It was odd because it was a different design than that of the village's buildings. It was grey colored, filled with ancient markings scribbled across the walls. Setsuna and Kaede where intrigued by this.

"This building was made by one of the residents of Planet Minerva," the Village Elder explained. "I'm sure you know the story but when they left Mundus Magicus, they made sure to leave some kind of transport behind so as to not forget their homeland. Sometimes, we get visitors from the planet and get them accustomed to the Magical world so as to not draw suspicion."

"That makes sense de gozarou," Kaede commented. "After all, they wouldn't want people knowing about Planet Minerva as well as knowing about the Calicem Crystallinum."

"Just out of curiosity, how do you know about the Calicem Crystallinum?" the Village Elder asked.

"We were told about this from a man named Albiero Imma," Setsuna replied.

The Village Elder's eyes widened. "From Albiero-san?! The same Albiero from Ala Rubra?" Setsuna nodded. "I see." That explains a lot, the Village Elder said to himself as he looked back at the group, particularly to one black haired girl. It seems he wanted her to find out about her roots and unlocking her true potential. This is quite a gamble, Albiero-san. I hope it pays off.

"We are here," the Village Elder said as the guards of the gray building opened the doors, revealing a huge machine in front of them. It was a large circular object that had metal clasps on the top as if it were a tower. It would seem that the metal clasps were used to channel energy, or so Setsuna thought. While she, Asuna and Kaede were in gaping at the sight, Konoka's eyes glinted into stars in seeing something so amazing once again.

"Now, please follow me," the Village Elder spoke up, snapping the girls back into reality. The girls followed the old man inside the round metal object and once they were inside, it was like a completely different place. The inside didn't look metallic but rather with much life as if the essence of magic was growing here. Setsuna and Kaede could definitely feel a good amount of magic was resting in here, particularly in the center.

"You can feel it can you?" The Village Elder asked Setsuna and Kaede while Asuna and Konoka were inspecting everything inside the metal round object. "This place, it draws magic energy from the planet and its residents. That's why there is a large amount of magic in here. Much more than the outside."

"But wouldn't this be detectable by someone?" Setsuna asked.

The Village Elder shook his head. "Not likely because of this," he said, motioning to the center where a wizard's staff was resting on a podium. "This staff helps conceal the magic in this room. But if it were to be destroyed, then those who can detect high amounts of magic would immediately know this location. It was a safeguard by our ancestors to keep people from finding out about Planet Minerva."

"They were extremely careful in not letting any trance of its existence behind, weren't they de gozarou?" Kaede questioned.

"True but that was because of the Crystal War when various tribes tried to get the Calicem Crystallinum," the Village Elder explained. "But that is a tale for another time. I'm sure you want to get going on your journey."

The girls nodded. "Thank you so much for your help," Asuna said, bowing appreciation towards the Village Elder. The other girls followed suit. "If there is anything that you need, we will gladly do so."

"Thank you for your kindness, Asuna-chan," the Village Elder said. "Just be careful out there. You are going to face incredible odds in your journey but I'm sure you will do fine." The girls smiled, appreciative of the Elder's compliment. The Village Elder then turned to the Transport Keeper to activate the gate. The guard then proceeded to do some chanting in front of an empty wall, getting a curious look from the girls.

"Sir, what is he doing?" Setsuna asked.

"He is creating a portal of energy to connect here to Planet Minerva," the Village Elder explained. "Think of this transport as a bridge of energy as Planet Minerva has one similar to this one only bigger so as to go to other worlds."

"Interesting," Setsuna mused. "It's similar to the way we came to Mundus Magicus."

"It's done Elder-sama," the Gatekeeper said as suddenly a portal appeared on the wall. The Village Elder thanked the Gatekeeper as he proceeded to explain what the girls needed to do next. All they had to do was jump inside the portal and within moments, they will find themselves on Planet Minerva.

"Once you get there, contact the nearest village elder. He will explain what you have to do in order to collect the Calicem Crystallinum," the Village Elder explained. The girls nodded once more, understanding what the Elder had just told them. "Well, then it is time. The portal will close soon so you better hurry."

"Thank you again Elder-sama," Setsuna said.

"We really appreciate it," Asuna added.

"We won't let you down de gozaru."

"See you!" Konoka waved as the four girls jumped into the portal, leaving the Village Elder, the Gatekeepers and some of the guards behind.

"Very energetic young ladies," the Village Elder muttered. "Hope they have a safe journey."

The Village Elder was about to head back to the village of Nyandoma until he heard some of the guards screaming. "Hey you! Stop right there!" The Village Elder wondered what was going on until he saw a young boy with dog ears wearing a dark purple Asian martial arts dogi with a low-cut neckline with a red obi around his waist running towards him.

"Hey old man! Have you seen four girls here?" the dog boy asked. The Village Elder was unsure on how to respond to this man. He could be a potential enemy or a bounty hunter looking for Asuna, Konoka, Kaede and Setsuna. The dog man gritted his teeth when the Elder gave no response. "Where the hell are they?"

The dog boy then immediately noticed the portal. Clenching his fists in frustration, he muttered, "What is that? It must be some kind of transport to Planet Minerva." The Village Elder's eyes widened once he heard the dog boy mutter those words. "Oh well, I better follow them before it is too late," the dog boy said as he ran towards the portal.

The Village Elder had to act. "Hey you! Stop right there!" But the dog boy didn't listen as he jumped into the portal and within moments, the portal was gone. The Village Elder let out a small curse as the guards had caught up with him, panting heavily. The Village Elder wondered who that dog boy was and mentally prayed that Asuna, Konoka, Kaede and Setsuna would be all right.



* * *



Within moments…

After traveling through a hole of various assortments of lights, Setsuna, Konoka, Asuna and Kaede found themselves in the same room, only this time it was much bigger. "Where are we?" Setsuna asked.

"Are we on Planet Minerva?" Konoka asked.

"There is only one way to find out," Asuna said as she motioned everyone to follow her. As soon as they exited the transport, they found themselves in front of an amazing view. The oceans were toned regular color blue and the skies were normal blue as on Earth. The clouds were white, so there was no problem there. The grass and land make up was also different. There were mostly cliffs, hills and aqua colored grass around them. The breeze was also light. It only took a moment of sightseeing to take in everything remotely possible and realize they weren't on Mundus Magicus but rather on Planet Minerva.

"Amazing!" Konoka cried out ecstatically. "What a beautiful view!"

"You said Konoka," Asuna added as she viewed everything around her once more. "This place is incredible."

"I sense a large amount of magic in the air de gozaru," Kaede stated. "I guess it is to be expected." Setsuna concurred with the Mahora Ninja until her danger senses picked up something. It was a huge ki signature, bigger than anything she felt.

"Hey Kaede, can you feel that?" Setsuna asked as she furrowed her eyebrows a bit, trying to get a better reading on this foreign ki signature.

The Mahora Ninja's smile quickly disappeared as she also began to feel this enormous ki signature as well. She no longer had slit eyes like she normally did as her eyes were slightly opened and her eyebrows furrowed as she began to inspect this ki. "You're right Setsuna-dono," she said. "It's extremely powerful. It's unlike anything I have felt before."

"What do you think it is?" Setsuna asked.

"It's probably the residents of Planet Minerva," Asuna said as she also felt the ki but not as strongly as Kaede and Setsuna did. "Ku:Nel-san did say that they were powerful practitioners of magic. I'm sure it's them."

"I don't know Asuna-san," Setsuna responded. "There is more than one of them. They are pretty big ki signatures for someone who practice magic. And they got this ire feeling to them."

"It's okay Se-chan," Konoka said. "Ku:Nel-san said that the residents are peaceful unless they feel threatened. I'm sure it is nothing."

"I hope you are right, Ojou-sama," Setsuna said as she walked back towards Konoka.

Then, suddenly she and Kaede felt another presence and this time it was coming from the transport. The two of them quickly got themselves in fighting position with Setsuna protecting Konoka while Kaede stood in her stance. Asuna and Konoka were both confused on what was going on until Asuna felt it as well. She got herself in a stance as well, ready to summon her artifact.

"What the hell are you doing here?" spoke a voice that sounded oddly familiar to the girls. Kaede and Asuna relaxed their guard when they soon recognized the voice as a figure emerged from inside the transport. It was the same dog boy that had come asking about them at the village of Nyandoma. The girls immediately recognized him to be Kotarou!

"Kotarou-kun!" Asuna and Konoka said as he walked towards them. They were about to greet him since they hadn't seen in a long time but Setsuna lifted her arm up, blocking their path.

"What are you doing here Kotarou-san?" Setsuna asked.

"That's what I would like to ask you guys!" Kotarou said angrily. "You know how hard it is in trying to get everyone back home safely?! Negi and Gohan-niisan are worried sick about you guys."

"Do they know we are here de gozaru?" Kaede asked.

"Not yet and I hope not," Kotarou said. "Come on, we have to get back."

"Not yet, Kotarou-kun," Asuna stated. "Not until we get the Calicem Crystallinum."

"Well, you guys can do that another time. Come on we have to get go… ing…" Kotarou trailed as he felt a tremendous ki signature. It was unlike the others that he had felt when he came through the portal as this one was making its appearance, in the sky. He looked up and saw what looked like a shooting star coming in through the atmosphere.

The girls noticed that Kotarou had become unusually quiet so they decided to look up. They saw the same thing that Kotarou was seeing but upon closer inspection, they saw that it wasn't a star, meteor or comet, but a Saiyan space pod. Everyone's eyes widened greatly and gaped as they recognized the only person that the pod could belong to: Tullece, the evil Saiyan!

"It's Tullece!" Asuna, Setsuna, Konoka, Kaede and Kotarou all cried out as they recognized the ki signature. The pod flew across the sky and crash onto the planet's surface.

"But how is that possible?" Asuna questioned. "He couldn't have healed so quickly, especially with those wounds! Gohan was able to heal because of the Senzu beans!"

"It doesn't matter how he healed. He is here and fully healed," Setsuna stated. "He knows about the Calicem Crystallinum too! I can't believe he is here! This isn't good!"

"Everyone! Supress your ki as much as possible!" Kaede commanded. "We can't let Tullece know we are here! If his Scouter picks us up, we are history!" Setsuna and Kotarou nodded as they began to suppress their ki as much as possible. Asuna did the same thing as she learned on how to control her ki levels thanks to her training with Piccolo earlier. Konoka, meanwhile, didn't have to do that since she didn't have a high ki like the others.

At the Saiyan's landing site, Tullece quickly emerged from the crater that his ship created. "Kureeza, you bastard," the evil Saiyan said, holding onto his red Scouter on his left hand. "You're trying to grab them away from me, but I won't let you."

Tullece proceeded to place his scouter on his left ear. "I should be able to handle everyone besides Kureeza, but I don't stand a chance fighting him head-on. I have to steal the Calicem Crystallinum and gain eternal life, no matter what," he said as he finished placing the Scouter on his ear, but the evil Saiyan easily pissed that he was wearing it once again.

Pressing the button to read battle levels, Tullece grunted. "Tch! To think that I would wind up using a Scouter again…" Within moments, the readings came in, pointing him towards the direction where Kureeza and his men were. "This way, huh?"

Floating up in the sky, Tullece went towards the direction of the reading. "He brought Raboli and Ringune with him," he said. An evil grin appeared on his face. "This should be interesting."

Back with Asuna and the others, things weren't going so well. "We need to leave," Kotarou said. "I knew something like this was going to happen."

"But we can't just leave Kotarou-kun!" Asuna retorted. "If we leave, Tullece will grab hold of the Calicem Crystallinum and get his wish. And I'm pretty sure that it is eternal life like most villains would ask for."

"I'm sure he won't find them so quickly," Kotarou stated. "It's true that we have to stop Tullece before he tries to get his wish granted but we can't do it without some help from Gohan-niisan or Negi. That is our best option."

"But Kotarou-kun..." Asuna was about to continue to argue with the hanyou until she and everyone else heard another zipping noise similar to that of Tullece's ship. They all looked up in the sky and saw another Saiyan pod coursing through the atmosphere and heading towards where Tullece was at. Plus the ki signature that was inside the pod was huge! Things were turning from bad to worse at the moment!

"Wh-What is going on?" Konoka said, scared at seeing another Saiyan pod.

Kotarou gritted his teeth. "That's what I'd like to know."

Meanwhile…

At a faraway village, a humanoid creature dressed in a traditional mage outfit of a blue cloak fell onto the ground with a thud. His eyes were blank as if there was no longer any life in them. Beside him was another one this time dressed in a white robe with two punctured holes on his body. Blood began to seep out of those holes.

"Kureeza-sama, we found the third crystal, the Water Crystal," spoke a voice as it came from a weird looking alien, dressed in an outfit similar to that of the Saiyan's. He had an oddly shaped head and his skin color was purple.

"Oh, that's good news," spoke another voice, this time sounding a bit more sinister. "Good, good. Now we have three to our collection. Ho ho ho ho." This creature was a relatively short humanoid being, albeit with a large brown chestnut-shaped skull with a part of it sticking out like a real chestnut. He also had a metallic tail with a spiked end, which was relatively thick in width. Although he was in his hoverchair, he had three talon-like toes. His light red parts with lines appeared on his arms, legs, and cheeks as well as his lilac skin on his face, feet and hands. He donned the wristbands and anklebands with gray sections with lines on the front. He had red eye pupils and his lips were darker red. He wore the same upper-body armor as the people around him as he was the new 'Emperor' of the universe, the son of Freeza, Kureeza!



* * *



Author's note: A new villain has appeared! Finally! Hope you all enjoyed reading the chapter. I have been looking forward to this arc for a long time. Can't wait to show you all more.

PLEASE READ AND REVIEW! I love hearing from everyone! Take care and have a Happy Holidays! Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year! Peace!





*Chapter 59*: Tullece's Rebellion!


			Disclaimer: I don't own anything. See chapter one for details.

Author's note: Hey everyone! I'm back! So sorry for not updating any sooner. I have been extremely busy and haven't had time to update or do any writing but also for another reason. I have to admit that I had initially lost interest in continuing to write this story. The spark that had before in trying to finished was gone and I was going to post up this last chapter and letting everyone know that I was stopping. But it kept being pushed back and back after seeing many positive reviews and people telling me to continue. And then, I saw the new Dragon Ball Z movie. It brought some motivation back to write again but you won't see a update again any time soon. I'm currently working three jobs so I don't have much free time as I used to. I will try my best. Thank you for sticking with me for so long.

Now, please enjoy Chapter 59 of Saiyan in Mahora!



* * *



Period 59: A Powerful New Foe Appears! Tullece's Rebellion!

Back on Mundus Magicus…

It had been a few minutes since Kotarou had left the battlefield, leaving Piccolo and Kagetarō behind. The two of them were standing on top of rooftops, distant from each other. Piccolo was relaxing his muscles as he cracked his neck one last time. The shadow man only continued to stare. The warriors stared at each other intently, waiting for someone to make the first move. Piccolo decided to do it as he went into a horse stance.

Kagetarō was a bit surprised by this sudden action. "What are you doing?" he asked.

Piccolo grinned. "It wouldn't be fair to you if I didn't go all out on this fight. It's been a while that I fought against someone like you," the Namekian stated as he then began to power up. As the building shook and cracked beneath him, a white aura sprung up around him, debris joining it as the warping energy ripped up the ground beneath him.

Kagetarō watched with interest as Piccolo's white aura suddenly flashed pure blue and bolts of white electricity began shooting out of him, chewing up the rooftop at burning it at a five meter radius from him. The building shook even more and, when it seemed that the building would collapse, Piccolo finished his power up, his energy level resting, balanced. Feeling his strength pulsing through him, the green warrior growled and took a fighting stance, his feet crunching into the building and forming heavy foot marks. The shadow fighter was definitely intrigued.

Ready to put it to the test, Kagetarō dashed from his spot and went into super speed. He went on the attack as he sent out a high ribbon to Piccolo's face, then an upwards left kick that launched him farther up in the sky. Kagetarō quickly followed pursuit as his ribbons landed a few blows on Piccolo's chest then to the face and to finish it off, a roundhouse kick. However, Piccolo was ready as he had waited for the counter, landing a kick to Kagetarō that sent him flying across the sky.

Piccolo disappeared and then reappeared quickly above Kagetarō's position as he laid out a forearm attack on the shadowy fighter. Kagetarō was sent flying to the ground, crashing through a couple of building before he landed on the ground on all fours. He quickly stood up and looked around for the Namekian. Suddenly, he felt a presence behind him. He turned around to see Piccolo with his knees bent and his two right fingers on his forehead with sparks of ki coming out. "MAKANKOSAPPO!" screamed Piccolo as he launched his signature technique.

The ki beam coursed through the city, powerful enough to make a large trench on the ground. Kagetarō watched as the beam hit him, creating a large explosion that rocked the entire area. As the smoke began to dissipate, there was no sign of the shadow fighter, only a large black ball. But Piccolo knew better. Kagetarō had survived that blast.

He had put a defense using his black ribbons just at the last second. Plus, the Makankosappo didn't have much power behind it. Piccolo didn't want to get innocent people involved. If it were the previous Piccolo, that would be a different story.

Kagetarō put down his defense as the black ribbons retreated back to him. He glared at the Namekian while Piccolo simply smiled as the two warriors went into super speed. Shock wave after shock wave exploded into life, sending ripples of energy coursing through the ground and then the sky as both fighters locked fists. The brawl continued on, shaking the skies and earth. With every blow that made contact from the attacker to the opponent, the show of force cracked the ground, raising dust and debris.

Everyone in the city could feel the earth shake from the very fight that was taking place. It was incredible. The two of them blurred into focus and then disappeared again, having launched an attack but quickly moved into either pursuit or retreat. They broke every chance they got, returning to a quick cat and mouse chase before returning for another engagement. They tore through the skies like rockets, moving across the skies above the city before moving back down and taking the fight to the ground. You could see clouds of dust rising everywhere they ran, moving at too great speeds to see.

Explosion after explosion occurred, the two fighters making on brief appearances in the form of blurs. Every time they kicked off the ground, their energies pushed into their flight and springs, as well as leaps, jumps and attacks, which sent rippling shockwaves. As a result, the buildings in the city started to crack under the pressure. People began to flee in panic, wondering what the hell was going.

All in the while of this panic, stood a small girl as she was looking up at the sky, seeing these two fighters going at it. Even though she couldn't follow them, she did know that they were fighting as they moved around constantly, not letting up and giving it their all. Kagetarō was pushed to his limits, not forced into a tight corner just yet, but managing to keep up with his opponent. Flurries of fists and kicks were unleashed, barely grazing their targets at some points but most of the time making contact with parries or blocks. Both of them were putting up hard defenses that not even a swing of a bat could break.

Reappearing, Kagetarō hurled across the city streets and sent several powered-charge black ribbons at his opponent. Piccolo crossed his arms over his face, blocking the ribbons from making any mortal wounds but was cut up by some stray ribbons and eventually, staggered back by the momentum. Incidentally, this had broken his guard. He back-flipped, landing on his feet before pushing off and jumping into super speed once again.

The two reappeared again, Kagetarō spinning through the air and throwing a right roundhouse kick. Piccolo blocked it with his arm but was knocked back by the force, the attack breaking his guard once again and sending him staggering to the side. Knocked off balanced, he fell, only to flip, pushing off the ground with his right hand just as his opponent sent his black ribbons at him, only to miss. The Namekian disappeared into super speed, Kagetarō turning his eyes skywards and growling through gritted teeth.

Suddenly, Piccolo appeared right behind the shadow man. Kagetarō shrieked but it was too late as Piccolo had put his right hand forward with his left holding it as this upcoming attack was aimed at the shadow man's back. "BAKURIKIMAHA!" A giant blue ki ball appeared in Piccolo's hand and was pushed against Kagetarō's back, sending the shadow man up into the sky.

Kagetarō let out a loud roar of pain as the attack was very powerful and was tearing his back apart. He needed to do something quickly and fast. In mid-flight, Kagetarō moved to his side and let the attack pass by him. The blast tore into the sky and let out a humongous explosion that lit up the entire blue sky! It was a sight to behold.

Kagetarō, meanwhile, glared at the Namekian in complete surprise on how easily Piccolo was dealing with him, especially on how that last attack almost finished him off. He glanced at his body, noticing a few differences. The black cape was no longer with him as it had been ripped to shreds. Various cuts and tears were all over him but most importantly, his mask was beginning to crack. He couldn't allow that to happen. Not he was so close to avenging for what happened in the last war.

With that kind of thinking in mind, Kagetarō fazed into super speed, hoping that Piccolo would follow. And he did as he pursued, zapping into super speed. More flashes, shock waves of bursts of dust occurred along the ring and at low altitudes above the city. They locked horns again, engaging in a brawl that dragged through the skies with the two of them gaining and giving their share of attacks. From here, every blow managed to land, mostly on defenses. They rarely struck their targets.

Piccolo decided to change tactics, pursing his opponent and chasing him across the city. They leapt down from the skies, Kagetarō pushing from the ground and retreating as Piccolo came down, crashing to earth with a kick which resounded in a shock wave before he chased, also disappearing into super speed yet again. They flashed in and out of focus, with Piccolo obviously on the attack.

As the fight continued, Piccolo's speed and strength had been increasing to a new level, just to shake things up a bit. He'd been outpacing Kagetarō blow for blow; the two of them moving at incredible speeds through the air and clashing with intense fury. When Piccolo reappeared, he spun around, seeing Kagetarō reappear behind him and send a punch. Kagetarō phased out, followed by Piccolo. This was quickly followed by Kagetarō reappearing with a few black ribbons, only his attack landed with an afterimage.

But Kagetarō wasn't going to give up as he sent black ribbons everywhere. By chance, one sent a drive punch into Piccolo's stomach which sent him skyward. Kagetarō flashed into super speed and appeared behind him in his path, bringing his right hand back and throwing a few black ribbons into his back. Piccolo disappeared just as his fist passed through. The shadow man gritted his teeth and glared ahead of him in frustration. He was battered and bruised, bleeding from the lip and looking worse. Without needing to contemplate anything, he flashed into super speed too, following his opponent.

After spotting his target, Kagetarō mustered all the strength he could and powered up. At an amazing speed, he flew at his opponent, letting out a cry of anger before being hit full on by an invisible blast. The force of the attack sent Kagetarō falling back, spinning out of control.

Piccolo had his left hand held out and down at him, the hot breeze blowing by him. Downing his opponent, he gave chase, flying after him. Spinning round, regaining his composure and balance, Kagetarō powered up and shot off in another direction, eyes firmly plastered on Piccolo, who was quickly gaining ground on him.

Within moments, the Namekian reached him, throwing a powerful jab at him. Kagetarō turned around, blocking the punch while the two were still in mid-flight. It was here the two of them engaged in a furious battle, Kagetarō 's black ribbons lashing out at Piccolo. The defense that Piccolo was putting up was strong, with his counter attacks being far more lethal. They flew on before changing course, beginning to drift upwards whilst locked in that battle.

Seeing that a girl was standing still amongst the panic, a few people started to join her as they looked up as shockwaves occurred with blows landing on each other, explosions of force ringing out everywhere. Kagetarō knew he wasn't going anywhere. It was time to use one of his ultimate attacks. And even though the Namekian had witnessed it, it was better than being beaten. Charging up his fists, he let out a loud roar. "CENTUM LANCEAE UMBRAE!" Kagetarō cried as he unleashed his assault. He showed Piccolo no mercy. But Piccolo had managed to block several of the blows before cranking back his right fist and sending a hook across Kagetarō's face, sending him flying back to the ground.

A loud cloud dust appeared as the shadow man laid in his own crater. He glared up and noticed Piccolo descending towards him. The shadow man struggled to get up to continue the fight but found himself unable to do so. He cursed at his predicament. "Dammit! How is this possible?" he shouted.

"Simple, I am much stronger than you," Piccolo said. "Besides, I have seen and battle against opponents the likes for which you have never seen before. I had fought to the death. Those two boys had never felt that experience until now."

"Why are you complimenting me?" Kagetarō asked.

"Because, you were a worthy adversary that's why," Piccolo stated. "I usually never say that."

"Tsk! This sucks," Kagetarō said, grabbing a bit of Piccolo's interest. "I had hoped to have finished off that 'Nagi Springfield' before the Ostia tournament, but I guess I am going to have to go along with Rakan's plan after all."

"Rakan?"

"Rakan, the Master of a Thousand Blades," Kagetarō stated. "Surely, you know of him."

The Namekian shook his head. "No, I don't," he responded. "But tell me, what is this plan of his? I wish to know more."



* * *



Meanwhile, on Planet Minerva…

As one of his alien servants was bringing back the crystal from its temple, Kureeza couldn't help but let out a small grin. "Now there are four of them left," he said. The alien then handed the crystal to one of Kureeza's bodyguards, Raboli. Raboli was large red alien who some would call a large ball of putty with a mechanical interior. His ears were pointed like those of a Namekian and he had no eyebrows; just a brow. He sported the standard uniform the Kureeza's army with large shoulder plates with long pants. However the battle armor had been greatly expanded due to his weight. He also sported some tentacles out of his chin, four to be exact. But his demeanor was that of a balloon ready to pop.

Once the soldier that carried the crystal gave it to Raboli, Kureeza spoke without looking at his faithful bodyguard. "Hold on to those carefully, Raboli-san," Kureeza stated. "It appears that Tullece is after them, as well." The red alien blob nodded in agreement.

Meanwhile, the other soldier next to Kureeza, Ringune looked at his Scouter. "Kureeza-sama, Manudara has just landed, in pursuit of Tullece," spoke the more 'handsome' of the group of villains. Ringune was much, much thinner than his counterpart, Raboli. He shared many physical similarities to his late distant cousin, Zarbon. However, his hair was blue rather than green which matched the color of his skin and it was braided. He did not sport any earrings, for his family had been disgraced following Freeza's defeat. He did, however, sport a long black cape along with his battle armor. He also wore very cultural leg and arm-wear to keep with his disgraced family clothing.

He continued to look at his new master, Kureeza, expecting some kind of reaction after hearing the news that Manudara had landed. But no such response came. Ringune continued. "Also, the four large power readings that appeared shortly before Tullece arrived suddenly disappeared, and remain so," he said. "Our men are searching the area where the readings came from which is incidentally where the famed 'Transport' is located, so we should find out their source momentarily."

"Tell them to destroy the 'transport', Ringune-san. Our only concern now should be on how to deal with Tullece, who has turned against me."

"In that case, you need not worry," Ringune responded. "Manudara is on his way to dispose of Tullece. The two of them have always hated each other, and their abilities are just about evenly matched. Whatever happens, Tullece will not come out unharmed."



* * *



Meanwhile…

At the second crash site, which was incidentally next to Tullece's crash site, a Hulk-like alien appeared from the crater. It was Manudara! "Tullece, you won't get away! Heh heh heh," chuckled the alien as he pushed the red button on his Scouter, looking for Tullece's battle reading. Within a few seconds, the Scouter had pinpointed Tullece's location.

"I found you, Tullece," grinned the Hulk-like alien. "I have orders from Kureeza-sama. Do you read me, Tullece? Now I can kill you, without any reservations!"

"Don't make me laugh, Manudara," spoke Tullece in Manudara's Scouter as the Scouter was now acting a two way radio between the evil Saiyan and Manudara. "Do you really think you can kill me? Hurry up and get here. I'm waiting for you."

"What are you, blind? Take a good look at your Scouter!" Manudara boasted as a blue blazing aura surrounded the Hulk-like alien, enhancing his speed. "My battle power is clearly higher than yours!"



* * *



Meanwhile…

Asuna, Kotarou, Setsuna, Konoka and Kaede were still standing in shock at seeing the second pod land on the Planet Minerva. Things were turning for the worse. Asuna fell onto her knees in sadness. "Why is this happening?" Asuna asked out loud. "We were just going to collect the Calicem Crystallinum to give extra strength to Gohan and Negi. What the hell is going on?"

"I'm not sure, Asuna-neechan," Kotarou replied. "But it's best that we get out of here and get help. I have a feeling that these people have come for the Calicem Crystallinum to get their evil wish. We have to stop them, especially Tullece."

"You are right, Kotarou-san," Setsuna said. "But how are we going to do this?"

Everyone pondered on that. However, at that single moment, Kaede felt something or someone approaching their position. "Everyone, someone is coming de gozarou!" Kaede shouted. At Kaede's command, everyone tried to find somewhere to hide so as to not be spotted.

On the other side of the cliff, where the building that housed the Transport was not easily seen, the three scouts that Ringune had sent recently landed on the ground softly. "The readings vanished right around here," spoke Bukati, an alien with lilac-pigmented skin, horns, gray hair with a mustache and a blue Scouter adorned over his face.

"Probably one of the Minervans," spoke one of his companions, Fujiri said. He had pink-pigmented skin, a fin atop his head, a skull-like nose and wore a red scouter which his arm cannon connected to. The other solider, Sutafu, simply nodded. Sutafu was vaguely reptilian with green skin, pointed ears, and dorsal fins coming out of the battle armor on his back. He had a green Scouter but didn't have an arm cannon attached to it like his companion Fujiri.

Back with Negima group, everyone was in hiding as the atmosphere was tense. "Who is it?" Konoka asked as she hid at the corner of the Transport building.

"It's probably one of the residents of Planet Minerva," Setsuna replied as she stood in front of Konoka, ready to protect her like she should had done since coming to Mundus Magicus. But because of Fate screwing over everyone, she had been separated from her childhood friend. She wasn't going to allow that to happen again.

Asuna relaxed her guard a bit once Setsuna had said that. "Let's hope you are right, Setsuna-san," she said. Kotarou and Kaede, meanwhile, didn't relax their guard as they felt something evil about this upcoming presence. Their suspicions turned out to be true when Bukati, Sutafu and Fujiri appeared from behind the cliff. Everyone's eyes widened once they got a good glimpse at Ringune's scouts. "That's not a Minervan!" Asuna exclaimed.

As the three scouts were walking, Bukati noticed the Negima group in front of building that housed the Transport. "Who's that?" The gray moustached alien asked.

The fin headed alien prepared his arm cannon as he also got a good glimpse of Asuna, Kotarou, Kaede, Setsuna and Konoka. "T-They're not Minervans," Fujiri said.

"Who are they?" Sutafu asked.

"It doesn't really matter," Bukati said. "We've got orders to kill everyone on this planet. Plus, I just got the order to destroy the 'Transport' as well. Where do you think it is?"

"I'm sure it's in that building over there," Sutafu commented.

"Are you sure?"

"It doesn't matter," Fujiri said. "One destroyed building is not going to matter anyways. Not after Kureeza-sama has his wish fulfilled."

The Negima group, in the meantime, was a bit confused by these turn of events. They were strange aliens and normally Konoka would be extremely happy in seeing such creatures, but something about them was not appeasing to her. Plus, she noticed something on the three scouts. "Look at their outfits!" Konoka commented.

"They're just like what Vegeta, Tarble and Tullece wear. But they aren't Saiyans!" Asuna stated.

"Didn't those two aliens, Abo and Cado, wear something similar too?" Kotarou asked.

"That's true but somehow I got a bad feeling about this," Setsuna said as she gripped the handle of her sword harder while at the same time, backing Konoka away from a potential fight.

Kaede open her slit eyes and furrowed her eyebrows. "Kotarou-bozu, Setsuna-dono, Asuna-dono, build up your ki, but keep your presence masked de gozarou," commanded the Mahora Ninja.

Kotarou, Asuna and Setsuna all nodded. "Right."

The three scouts, Fujiri, Bukati and Sutafu all ascended into the sky. "You see that?" Fujiri said as he used his Scouter to get a reading on Kotarou, Kaede, Setsuna and Asuna. "Their battle power is pretty much trash. Are these guys just tourists?"

"We won't have any fun if they get away from us," Sutafu said with an evil grin on his face.

Bukati chuckled. "Take out the 'Transport' first. After all, it's part of our orders."

"With pleasure," Fujiri responded as he charged up his arm cannon. Lashing his arm out, he sent several powerful blast at the building that was housing the Transport. The Negima club could only watch in horror as Fujiri kept on sending powerful blasts at the building. Kaede knew full well what was going to happen next once she started to sense something strange from the building.

"Everyone! Get as far away from the building as possible!" the Mahora Ninja shouted. "It's going to blow!"

Sure enough, the building looked like it was going to do just that. The infrastructure of the building began to crumble, encasing the special transport. However, a strays of magic began to escape from the debris until finally a bright light engulfed the entire area. The scouts remained still while the Negima group went for cover.

The blinding light lasted for a few seconds. As the light began to dim, everyone saw that the building was no longer standing. Plus, pieces of the Transport were shown in the debris. "Oh, no! The 'Portal Transport'!" Asuna shouted. Kotarou, Konoka, Kaede and Setsuna were shocked as their hope in returning back to the Magical World was now gone.

"These guys are unlucky to have come here at a time like this," Sutafu said as the three scouts laughed at the expense of the Negima group.

Kotarou clenched his fists angrily. He somehow knew something like this was going to happen. If only these guys didn't show up, they probably would be going back right now. "Setsuna-neechan, Asuna-neechan, Kaede-neechan, let's release our ki," the hanyou commanded as he glared at the three scouts. "These guys aren't all that tough." Setsuna, Asuna and Kaede all nodded in agreement as they all believe that these scouts were nothing if they were going to use such uncivilized attacks.

"Hey, did you hear that?" Bukati said.

"Not that tough?" Sutafi added.

"Does he mean us?" Fujiri asked, pointing at the three of them. Within moments, the three scouts began to laugh. They laughed so hard that they had failed to notice a sudden breeze surrounding Kotarou, Kaede, Setsuna and Asuna. Then, Fujiri's scouter picked up on something. It was a high battle power reading and it wasn't coming from any Minervans but from the Negima group!

"W-What's with these battle power readings!?" Bukati stuttered, in complete shock at how easily the Negima group control their battle power.

"Let's get them!" Kotarou said with a grin on his face. Everyone nodded as they disappeared into super speed except that Asuna was a little slow on command but she was able to get into super speed. Then, within moments, Kotarou, Kaede and Setsuna appeared in front of the three scouts and unleashed their attacks.

"GEKI WAZA NAMI NAMI ZAN!"

"ZANGANKEN!"

"KAEDE NINPOU FOUR BODY CLONE HAZY CROSS!"

The three scouts screamed out in pain as the attacks landed directly on their chests. Within moments, they all fell into the water while Setsuna, Kotarou and Kaede landed safely on the ground. Kotarou gave a thumbs up to the group with a smile on his face. It seemed that everyone had been improving their skills since the last time he saw them.

"That was so cool!" Konoka said with sparkles on her eyes. Kotarou and Kaede grinned while the scratching the back of their heads while Setsuna blushed at such a compliment from her childhood friend.

Then, Asuna landed on the ground with a dissatisfied look on her face. "Hey! How come I didn't get any?" pouted the orange haired girl. "I wanted to kick some butt and show off too. Jeez!"

Kotarou blinked a few times in confusion. "What's with her?" he asked to Setsuna but the swordswoman shook her head, telling the young hanyou to let it go.



* * *



Meanwhile…

Ringune was silent. He had been communicating with his scouts and then suddenly, the connection went out. It was very concerning for the fallen alien prince. "Is something the matter, Ringune-san?" Kureeza asked as he noticed that his subordinate was unusually quiet.

Ringune immediately snapped out of his state of mind. "Yes, Kureeza-sama," he replied, giving full attention to the mighty Emperor. "It concerns the scouts that were sent out earlier. Apparently, these guys are not your average people. For a moment, their battle powers rose, and then, after defeating our two scouts, their readings disappeared again."

"Ho, that is unusual," Kureeza commented. "It doesn't appear to be Tullece, either."

"No, Tullece's reading is separate," Ringune stated. "Two of these battle powers were around 500 Kurezecs, another one had a battle reading of 3,000 Kurezecs while another was unreadable."

"Unreadable?" Raboli asked.

Ringune nodded. "Yes," he replied. "I couldn't get an accurate reading from this person. His battle power was fluctuating and had a peculiar reading to it."

"500 Kurezecs and 3,000 Kurezecs, you say?" Kureeza repeated. "Nothing would come of it if we left them alone, but their attitude seems poor. The next time they appear, eliminate them."

"But what about this strange reading, Kureeza-sama?" Ringune asked. "Shouldn't we look into this?"

"There is no need to be concerned about that, Ringune-san," the mighty Emperor replied. "This mysterious battle reading is of little importance to me, but you can never be safe. Eliminate this person with the others." The two loyal soldiers nodded at Kureeza's request. Looking at Ringune once more, the son of Freeza asked, "And has the transport been destroyed?"

"Yes, Kureeza-sama," Ringune responded. "The scouts said that they had destroyed an odd looking building that seemed to house some kind of metallic structure before they were defeated. I'm sure it was the famed 'Transport' of the Minervans, based on the details the second Minervan told us."

"Oh, good, good," smiled Kureeza. "We wouldn't want any unexpected visitors to come in and disturb us now, would we?"



* * *



Meanwhile…

Back with the Negima group, Asuna was on her knees as she watched the continued dismantling of the building that housed the Transport. She picked up one of the broken pieces and gripped it hard. She only wanted to collect the Calicem Crystallinum for Gohan and Negi to gain more strength and possibly wish everyone back at Mahora Academy so they try again another time in finding Negi's father, Nagi Springfield. "Asuna-neechan," Kotarou spoke up, snapping the orange haired girl from her thoughts. "We need to get moving."

"What?" Asuna asked quietly, a little unprepared on Kotarou's statement. "Why?"

"If those scouts reveal our location, there could be trouble de gozarou," Kaede replied. "Someone stronger might be coming."

"She's right," Setsuna added as she collected what remained of their things. "Those many ki signatures that we sensed earlier were apparently not the residents of Planet Minerva, but friends of Tullece, so we have to find someplace to hide."

"But how are we going to get home?" Asuna asked.

"We'll manage something," Konoka said with a bright smile on her face. "I'm sure the Minervans will fix the 'Transport'."

Asuna sighed, regaining her lost smile. Thank you, Konoka, Asuna said to herself as they all got their things and started to move away from the destroyed Transport.



* * *



Meanwhile…

Tullece stood on a cliff, overlooking a large area of land. Then suddenly, he turned his head around with a smirk on his face. "Hmph, you're finally here…" Tullece said as he was looking at an approaching figure. This approaching figure was no other than the Hulk-like alien, Manudara.

Manudara was laughing hysterically as he came charging at full speed with his blue blazing aura. Passing by the evil Saiyan, Manudara turned in mid-air as he went for his Bomb Strike attack. Tullece, however, dodged the attack with ease as he jumped into the air. The cliff and the surrounding area weren't as lucky as it had crumbled under the pressure of the Hulk-like alien's massive power.

Manudara gave a quick smirk at the evil Saiyan as he quickly turned his body towards the descending Tullece. "Ha ha! The time is finally here, when we can settle the score, as rivals," Manudara said. "I suggest that you transform into a Super Saiyan if you want to survive."

"Hmph, are you sure about that, Manudara?" Tullece taunted. "I could easily kill right now without even having to transform."

"Ha ha ha! You Saiyans are all the same. Always boasting, saying that you have greater strength than your opponent," Manudara said. "I'm sick and tired of hearing that. Just transform so I can crush you at your very best."

Tullece chuckled. "Very well, if you insist on dying so soon, I'll gladly do so." Suddenly, in a flash of blinding light, the evil Saiyan powered up. Balling his fists, Tullece let out a shrill cry of anger and pain as his golden aura exploded around him. In a whirling wind of ferocity and an outstanding display of flashes, the Saiyan transformed, his hair spiking up, standing on end and flashing gold, at the same time his eyes turned jade, hovering in his sockets. A galling wind occurred before it subsided, leaving him standing in a pure, powered up state. The now transformed Super Saiyan Tullece smirked at his opponent as he dropped his blazing golden aura. "Now, what do you think?"

Manudara had a nervous sweat slide down on the side of his face due to the impressive Super Saiyan transformation. He had never seen one transform before and it was quite an experience in seeing one in person. But once he checked Tullece's battle power using his Scouter, Manudara had nothing to worry about. "Ha ha ha!" laughed the Hulk-like alien. "Is this really the fabled Super Saiyan? It seems you've lost your touch. With that battle power, you have no chance of beating me. A Super Saiyan? What a joke."

"Lost my touch, you say?" Tullece said with an evil grin on his face. "Well, let me show you something. When I was on Earth, I picked up something interesting from them."

"What, how to run away quickly?" Manudara taunted.

Tullece chuckled as he got himself in a horse stance. "How to control my battle power."

"How to control your battle power?" Manudara repeated, confused on what Tullece was referring to.

Balling his fists, Tullece let out a war cry as he brought forth his blazing golden aura once again. "Take a good look at my battle power rating on your Scouter!" Tullece yelled.

Manudara indeed do just that, not out of fear but out of curiosity. However, that curiosity was soon overlapped by fear once the readings on Tullece's battle power were increasing to new unimaginable heights. "I-Impossible!" Manudara shouted. "Our battle powers have always been evenly matched!"

"You imbecile! I have been constantly engaged in actual combat!" the evil Super Saiyan stated. "The fight I had on Earth nearly killed me. Did you think I would remain evenly matched with you, with you staying all curled up next to Kureeza and eating the fruits of the Shinseiju!?" Tullece continued his power up as his body was trembling. However, as this strange shaking began, bursts of wind began to explode from out of him, sending dust and debris flying at a rhythmical rate. A crater formed beneath him and it grew at a phenomenal rate with the increase of the winds of energy radiating off of him.

Manudara could only watch in horror as he counted off the numbers from his Scouter. "19,000 Kurezecs… 20,000 Kurezecs… 21,000 Kurezecs… 22,000 Kurezecs…!" But before he could get the final reading on Tullece's battle power, his Scouter exploded!



* * *



At the same time…

Back with Kureeza and his soldiers, Ringune's Scouter suddenly exploded just like what happened with Manudara's Scouter. "What happened, Ringune?" Raboli asked.

"I-I think it was a malfunction, but the Scouter I had set to Tullece had a rating of around 22,000 Kurezecs," Ringune responded with a nervous sweat on his face.

"22,000 Kurezecs?" The red blob questioned with a smirk on his face. "That really must have a malfunction. Your Scouter is an older model, after all. I'll get the correct reading with mine." With that, Raboli pressed the button on his Scouter as he went to see Tullece's reading. Then, within moments, his eyes flung wide open in surprise.

Curious, Ringune asked his fellow evil companion. "What's the rating?"

"T-That's impossible!" Raboli stuttered. "Is my newer model malfunctioning, too? It's risen to 24,000 Kurezecs!"

"24,000 Kurezecs? Are you saying that his battle power is higher than ours?"

"I-It can't be," refuted the red alien blob. "His battle power topped out at 18,000 Kurezecs. After all, we made sure to limit his supply of the Shinseiju fruit. We then took his share for ourselves. We made sure that he wouldn't become more powerful than us."

"Heh heh," chuckled the mighty Emperor, Kureeza. "There is no reason to be surprised. Tullece has been fighting at the forefront, trying to reclaim what was lost from my father's empire after all as well as planting the seeds of the Shinseiju tree across the universe. He, after all, had recently transformed into a Super Saiyan and I'm sure he must have come across some trick while he was on Earth."

"But sir…" Ringune pleaded.

"It is only 24,000 Kurezecs," Kureeza interrupted. "At that level, if you fight him together, it will be enough to beat him, will it not?"



* * *



Meanwhile…

"W-Wait, Tullece!" pleaded the Hulk-like alien as he now stood no chance against Tullece's new found powers. He kept wailing his arms around like a coward and nervous sweats running all over his body. "I just had an idea! Let me team up with you! I-I'll help you! I've never been fond of Kureeza-sama – I mean, Kureeza!"

Tullece didn't pay attention as his smirk never disappeared from his face, enjoying greatly at the sight of Manudara cowering before him. "N-Not a bad idea, right?" continued Manudara. "W-With your battle power, if we teamed up, I think we could handle Ringune and Raboli!"

"Just keep spouting your worthless lies!" shouted the evil Saiyan. "You are one thoroughly sickening bastard!"

"Believe me, Tullece!" Manudara pleaded once more but the evil Super Saiyan was having none of that. There was only one option. Looking behind Tullece, Manudara shouted, "Ah! Kureeza-sama!"

Tullece turned his head around. "What?!"

Manudara grinned as Tullece was distracted by that ruse, he charged up a huge green ki ball in his right hand. "You fool!" Throwing at Tullece, the evil Super Saiyan was engulfed by the blast. Manudara, however, didn't finish there. He then threw a barrage of ki blasts aimed at where Tullece was located. He kept on sending blasts, enhancing the effectiveness of his Manudara Pressure attack. And to add topping to the cake, Manudara raised both arms up in the air and created a massive ki ball that was bigger than the land mass that they were standing on. With enough power collect, the Hulk-like alien threw his finishing move at the area, creating a large explosion that shook the planet momentarily as the blast could be seen from outer space.

Once the explosion died down, Manudara landed on what remained of the area. Seeing no sign of Tullece, Manudara let out a victory laugh. "I don't care how much your battle power has risen, if you took that unawares, you don't stand a chance!" boasted the Hulk-like alien.

"You wish," spoke a voice that completely shocked Manudara to the core. Looking over to his left, Manudara saw the evil Super Saiyan standing and without a scratch too! "That was a perfectly pathetic strategy, coming from someone like you. I'm stunned."

Manudara was shocked. "W-When did you…?"

"If my battle power has risen, it means my speed has risen, too!" Tullece stated with an unhappy look on his face. "Which means, you've completely enraged me with that move! And here I was going to leave some part of you to bury but now I'm going to completely destroy you, leaving no trace of your existence!"

"N-NOOOOOOOOOOO!" Manudara shouted like a coward as he began to run away from the evil Super Saiyan. But Tullece wasn't going to allow that to happen. Manudara needed to be made an example of for crossing paths with Tullece.

Using super speed, Tullece appeared in front of the Hulk-like alien and landed a devastating punch to the gut that it impaled him. Manudara grabbed his falling innards as he stepped back from the evil Super Saiyan. Tullece grinned evilly as he formed a ring of energy with electricity sparking around it between his palms. "Die!" Throwing his Kill Driver attack, Manudara was engulfed in a massive explosion that rocked the entire area. The smoke dissipated, revealing no trance of the coward. Just like Tullece had promised.

Thanks to their Scouters, they'll know what action I've taken, Tullece said to himself as he landed softly on the ground after dealing such an attack on a pathetic weakling. Even if I'm careless enough to get close to them, though I may be able to take Ringune or Raboli, not even I could beat Kureeza. Judging by the transmissions from Kureeza's men that I heard on my Scouter, the Crystals don't any effect unless you have all seven of them together to form the Calicem Crystallinum. All right.

"I'll find just one of them," Tullece said. "Once they've gather the other six, I'll find an opening to steal them." If it goes right, I'll have them all, and gain eternal life. Then defeating Kureeza will be more than just a dream. A huge evil grin appeared on the Saiyan's face. "Once he's out of the way, I'll be Number One. I, the Saiyan, Tullece-sama, will rule the entire universe!"



* * *



Meanwhile…

"T-Tullece's rating of 24,000 Kurezecs was genuine after all," Raboli stated as he could no longer detect Manudara's battle power. "He defeated Manudara like it was nothing."

"It is no great concern," Kureeza responded. "Now, to look for the fourth Crystal."

"Kureeza-sama!" shouted one of his solider, pointing to a certain direction. "I am reading ten or so Minervans in that direction."

"Very well. It sure would be nice if they have the fourth Crystal. Wouldn't want to make too much of a mess now, would we? Please be sure not to let your guard down. After all, it appears that there are some other curious fellows out there besides Tullece."

"Yes, sir," responded all the soldiers of Kureeza's army with a nod at their mighty Emperor.

"Now, let us be going." With that, Kureeza and his army engulfed themselves with blazing auras as they jumped into the air and flew with great speeds towards their next location.



* * *



Meanwhile…

"I don't understand why we can't fly," Asuna commented as she, Konoka, Kotarou, Kaede and Setsuna were trekking across the vast land of Planet Minerva. "We can definitely cut out the time to do so. It's not like we are in the Magical World where we are wanted people."

"True," the swordswoman said, "but Konoka-ojou-sama doesn't know how to fly and besides, we have to walk to mask our presence."

Asuna let out a sigh. "Damn those Scouters," she muttered under breath as the Negima group continued their trek until finally Kotarou spotted something in the landscape."

"Hey, everyone. Up there is a good place," the young hanyou said, pointing to a cave residing within a hill. "It will be hard to spot us inside that cave."

"Good job Koto-kun!" Konoka praised as she excitedly ran towards the cave. "Maybe there is something magical inside."

"O-Ojou-sama!" Setsuna yelled as she ran after her childhood friend. Asuna decided to join in as well as she wanted to get some rest after all they had been through.

Kaede smiled. "I think we should set up camp inside the cave de gozarou," she said. "At least we have some place to return to once we do some scouting." Setsuna nodded in agreement while Asuna was trying to convince Konoka to not go any deeper into the cave.

As everyone was heading towards the cave, the young dog boy, Kotarou, sensed something towards the distance. "Kaede-neechan," he said, trying to grab the slit-eyed girl's attention, "are you sensing this?"

"Sensing what de gozarou?" The Mahora Ninja replied as she stood next to Kotarou.

"There are some ki signatures over there," pointed Kotarou towards a certain direction. "Don't you feel it?"

Kaede began to look deeper into the direction to which Kotarou was pointing at. "You're right, Kotarou-bozu," The Mahora Ninja replied. "These ki signatures feel different from those others earlier de gozarou. They could really be Minervans this time." Suddenly, her danger senses picked up something approaching them and fast! "Hide!" she shouted. "There are some other ki signatures coming this way from over there!"

Everyone looked at her before they realized the seriousness in their voice. Setsuna grabbed hold of Konoka's hand as she and the others rushed towards the cave. "Ojou-sama, hurry!"

"What's going on Se-chan?" Konoka asked with a confused look on her face as she and everyone were inside the cave.

"Please be quiet Ojou-sama," the swordswoman said, as much as she hated saying to her childhood friend to be quiet in such a manner.

The young dog boy clenched his fists strongly, his body trembling a bit. "They're coming this way," Kotarou stated.

"What is coming?" Asuna asked before she too sensed something approaching. And the ki signature was huge and… evil. Looking at Kaede and Kotarou, the orange haired girl asked, "Do you think they know about us?"

"I don't know, Asuna-dono," Kaede replied. "But we better not take any chances de-gozarou." Then, the Mahora Ninja felt it. "They're here!"

And sure enough they were. It was a large group of lights passing by the cave at quickening speeds. Kaede, Kotarou, Asuna, Setsuna, and Konoka hung tightly to the walls of the cave so they could not be seen. Konoka tried to get a look at who was bypassing them but they were going so fast, it was hard to get a good look. But little did they know that it was Kureeza and his army passing through!

Within a few seconds later, the speeding lights were gone. Konoka stepped out of the cave to see what had bypassed them once again, but no luck. "They're gone. Thank goodness. Apparently, we weren't what they were after. But then, what exactly was that just now?" Konoka questioned out loud, hoping for someone to give her an answer. However, all she saw was everyone shaking uncontrollably as if they were in fear. "What's the matter, you four? Asuna? Kaede? Kota-kun? Se-chan?"

Setsuna had to get outside the cave to get some air and so did the slit-eyed girl. "Kaede, you saw them didn't you?" the swordswoman asked.

Kaede nodded nervously as she let out a deep breath as if she were holding on to it for a long time. "They were carrying three objects that were shiny de gozarou," the Mahora Ninja mentioned. "They moved so fast so I wasn't too certain."

"I knew it," Setsuna said. She then turned her head to see if Asuna and Kotarou were okay as well. "Asuna-san…" The swordswoman called out. Kotarou was able to snap out of it but Asuna was still in shock at what just happened. "Asuna-san!"

Finally, the orange haired girl snapped back into the reality. "Yeah?" she said.

"Asuna-san, Kotarou-san, did you guys see him?" Setsuna asked. "The strange one who was flying second from the front?"

Both Kotarou and Asuna nodded. "Yes," Kotarou replied with a nervous sweat sliding on his face. "I sensed a tremendous power from him."

"Y-Yeah, t-the moment I saw him, I was petrified," Asuna said, trembling in fear. "I have never felt anything like that. H-He could be much, much worse than even Tullece."

"It looked like there were some other heavy hitters there as well, but he, for one, is in a league of his own," Setsuna added.

"Worse than Tullece? Oh, no. Who was he?" Konoka asked worriedly.

"I don't know Ojou-sama, but I think they were Tullece's friends," the swordswoman replied. "They all had on the same sort of clothing."

"Damn it! How are we supposed to get our wish now?" protested Asuna. "You said it yourself Kaede that they probably have three of the crystals. This is bad!" Falling onto her knees, Asuna punched the ground in frustration. "I'm sorry for this everyone. I didn't mean for this to happen."

Then, the orange haired girl felt a pat on the shoulder coming from the young hanyou. "It's okay Asuna-neechan. Don't worry about it," Kotarou said. "However, it's best that we check it out to make sure. We need to be absolutely certain about it."

"So what is our next move?" Setsuna asked.

"We follow them," Kotarou replied. "It seems that they were heading towards the ki signatures that I sensed earlier. Let's check it out and see what's happening."

Setsuna, Kaede and Asuna all nodded in agreement. "Right!"

"I'm coming too!" Konoka shouted.

"Konoka-neechan, I'm sorry but you would only slow us down," Kotarou stated as he started to unpack a few things like his weights so as to travel easier. "It's best if you stay behind."

"But… but what will happen if you guys get injured?"

"Don't worry, Konoka," assured the orange haired girl. "We are just going to do some scouting. It's not like we are heading into battle or something."

"Let's keep it that way," Kotarou added. "We don't want to make ourselves known yet. If they really do have some Crystals, it will make it much easier to sneak around and grab them later on."

"I agree with you, Kotarou-bozu de gozarou," Kaede said. "Setsuna-dono, are you coming with us?"

The swordswoman shook her head. "I'm going to stay behind and guard Konoka-ojou-sama," she said. "I wasn't able to do so in the Magical World. I'm not going to let that happen here."

Konoka smiled brightly as she went ahead and hugged the swordswoman. "Thanks Se-chan!" she said happily. Setsuna tried to push off her childhood friend, a heavy blush on her face. But it felt good for her.

"Okay, we're off," Kotarou said.

"Hurry back, okay?" Konoka said.

"Remember, Asuna-dono, Kotarou-bozu, hurry, but suppress your ki as much as you can," Kaede mentioned. "Can you guys do that?"

"Of course," grinned the hanyou. "I would bring shame to Piccolo-san if I wasn't able to do that much." Asuna nodded. After all, she had been trained by Piccolo, even though it was only for a brief moment. Plus, she got additional training from Setsuna on how to deal with ki during their short time together in Mundus Magicus after the Gateport incident.

Kaede grinned. "All right! Let's go!" And with that, the three of them went off, running quickly through the lands of Planet Minerva, ready to search for answers to their unanswered questions.



* * *



Meanwhile, back on Mundus Magicus…

Natsumi let out a sigh as she stared up at the sky once again on the balcony. "You're late, Kotarou-kun," she muttered as the sky had turned bright. Night had passed and day was now once upon them. "Where are you? You said you'd back soon."

"Be back from where?" asked a voice. Natsumi shrieked when she heard that voice as it was all too familiar. Turning around, she saw her assistant teacher, the demi-saiyan, Son Gohan standing before her. This was not good! "Be back from where, Natsumi-san?" Gohan asked again. "What were you talking about?"

"N-N-N-Nothing!" Natsumi stuttered, wailing her arms around. Me and my big mouth. "I-I didn't say anything. Pretend you didn't hear anything."

Gohan blinked a few times in confusion. "Okay," he said, allowing Natsumi to breathe a sigh of relief. "By the way, have you seen Kotarou-san? We are supposed to get ready for the next match."

Natsumi shrieked again. "I-I haven't seen him anywhere," she said nervously, sweat pouring from her face. "Have you asked Tosaka-san?"

The half saiyan nodded. "Yeah. Tosaka-san hasn't seen him anywhere," Gohan replied. "Man, where could he be? I have been looking everywhere for him."

"M-Maybe he went off to do some training," Natsumi lied, trying to get Gohan to buy it. "After all, he really likes to fight."

Gohan put his hand to his chin as he pondered on that. "I guess that's true," he said. "But if he were training, I would have sensed his ki."

"Ki?"

"Yeah. Everyone has ki energy to them; it is essentially their life force in a way. Through training, you can harness that power for your own uses. However, you and some of the class have very low ki levels which are very hard to detect for me, Kotarou-san, Negi-san and some of the other girls," explained the demi-saiyan. "That was the whole reason on entering this tournament and meeting at Ostia."

"So what does this have to do with Kotarou-kun?" the freckled girl asked.

"Well, ever since that incident with Negi-san in which he got his arm cut off, I been keeping a check on everyone's ki signature," Gohan replied. "Kotarou-san's ki signature was always here but ever since last night, it has disappeared out of thin air. It's very concerning to me."

"Well, maybe he went very far away or something?" Natsumi suggested which got an interested look on Gohan's face.

"Natsumi-san, is there something that you are not telling me?"

"I… uh… um…" Natsumi was unsure what to do. Kotarou had told specifically not to tell Gohan about his or the girls' side trip as he called it. Otherwise, the half saiyan would quickly rush towards them without any concern about anything else. She couldn't let that happen. Not after everything they have done so far. Luckily for her, something happened.

"Hey Golden Warrior!" shouted a voice. Gohan and Natsumi turned their attention at the voice which was coming from Tosaka. "Your match is up! And where the hell is Kojirō? You guys are going to be late!"

"Well…" Gohan trailed as he looked one last time at Natsumi's face. She was turning away and her body was trembling. The half saiyan let out a sigh. "Kojirō-san is not going to join us. He went off to do some training."

"Training? Now?" Tosaka exclaimed. "God dammit! Now what are we going to do? You need to have two fighters in the arena."

"Well, you could join me," Gohan suggested, getting a surprised look from Tosaka. "You of course wouldn't be any danger as I will make it quick."

"Are you sure?"

Gohan flashed his family's signature grin. "Of course."

"You better! Otherwise, if I die, I'll haunt you forever!" Tosaka then went ahead to get changed for the upcoming match, leaving behind Gohan and Natsumi.

"We'll talk later, okay Natsumi-san?" Gohan asked. The freckled girl nodded to her assistant teacher as he rushed towards the arena to get ready for the upcoming match. Natsumi then stared at the sky one last time before she had to go back to work. Kotarou-kun, she said to herself, I'm sorry, but I'm going to have to tell Gohan-sensei about you and everyone going to Planet Minerva. Please forgive me. And wherever you are now, please be careful.



* * *



Back on Planet Minerva…

Kaede and Kotarou kept on running across the lands of Planet Minerva with Asuna in tow. They had been running for quite a while and had been keep a lid on their ki levels so they wouldn't be detected. "We're close de gozarou," Kaede stated. "Surpress your ki completely now. We'll walk up and approach from here."

Kotarou and Asuna nodded as they stopped running. Once the three of them stopped running, they started to walk. Kaede noticed a cliff in which they look over everything without being spotted. After all, she was the Mahora Ninja. "They're on the other side of that cliff de gozarou," Kaede stated.

The three of them started to walk the cliff, the atmosphere being very tense around them. Asuna was sweating bullets as the closer they got to the edge of the cliff, the clearer the massive ki signature was. Kotarou, although not sweating as much as Asuna was, was thinking the same thing. "That ki is incredible!" He commented.

Kaede couldn't but agree with the young hanyou but right now was not the time to be discussing about the ki. They needed to get a good view of what was happening. After successfully walking up to the edge of the cliff without being spotted, Kotarou, Kaede and Asuna glanced around and saw Kureeza and his thugs surrounded by normal looking houses; except they shared some similarity with another building that was recently destroyed. "Those houses are just like the Mundus Magicus building that had the transport in it," Asuna commented.

Kaede nodded in agreement but the architecture of Planet Minerva's buildings would have to wait. "What are they up?" the Mahora Ninja questioned as she took a look at Kureeza and his goons.

Kotarou wondered about that. "The other guys are one thing, but those three…" motioning towards Kureeza and his two bodyguards, Ringune and Raboli. "Especially the one in the middle, inside that round vehicle… have a frighteningly strong ki."

"I-I can tell," stuttered the orange haired girl. But then she noticed something in the hands of both Ringune and Raboli. "Look at what the two guys on his side are holding in their hands! Those look like the same crystal that Ku:Nel-san showed us before when he invited us for tea!"

At that moment, Raboli took a glance up at the cliff where the three of the Negima club were resting. However, the red alien blob didn't see anything. Luckily, the group had hidden away just in time.

"Is something the matter, Raboli-san?" Kureeza asked.

Raboli shook his head. "No, there was just a small power reading up on that cliff," he said. "It is gone now. It must have been a small animal, or an insect."

"Kureeza-sama, we have only found five of them," spoke up one of the soldiers as they finished searching through each house and were now outside the main building. "The others appear to be out at the moment."

Kureeza grinned as everyone turned their attention to the main building of the village that had a Latin inscription for Ice over the top of the main door. There was also the sign for Ice. But that didn't matter to Kureeza's thugs as they were more concerned about the people inside the building. "Come on out of there, unless you'd rather die," one of the soldiers said, pointing his arm cannon inside the building, motioning for everyone to come out.

And within a few moments, the Minervans all got out. Asuna, Kaede and Kotarou's eyes widened when they got a good look at the people. There were five people in total: Two elderly men, a woman and two children. One of the elders adorned a purple jacket and wore big round goggles on his face. His gray hair was unbalanced but at the same time straight. The other elder wore loose fitting clothing and a bright, red cape. His white hair was different than his companions where it was styled in a sort of Mohawk. He also had large bushy eyebrows, a large white mustache and beard.

The woman had light blonde hair styled as a half updo with long bangs that framed her face. She wore a long-sleeved and floor-length white gown with small horned pauldrons and a silver belt around her waist. She wore fingerless gloves, gray sandals, and a decorated pink and purple cape. The children, though twins, were of different gender. The male twin wore a striped green and white costume, which is worn underneath a blue coat with a shoulder pad and a white scarf with green stripes. His hair was brown and long which was pulled into a long ponytail. The female twin had a different hair color which was pink. She also had a ponytail but not as long as her brother's. She wore an ensemble of a mini-dress, striped stockings and a cloakr5.

Once the Negima group got a good look at the Minervans, they noticed something about them that was a bit shocking. "They look like humans!" Asuna commented. "I thought, them being from the Magical World, they would have some of the visible characteristics that we have seen so far."

"What are they planning to do with those people?" Kaede asked.

"Are they all Saiyans? They are wearing the same armor as Vegeta-san, Tarble-niichan and Tullece," the young dog boy said.

"No, they aren't," Asuna responded. "They all have the same battlewear on, but they aren't Saiyans. Come to think of it, Gohan mentioned something when he was talking about the Saiyan's past."

"What did Gohan-niisan say?" Kotarou asked.

"Uh, umm, well… I can't really remember because it sounded very complicated at the time," Asuna said, causing Kotarou to sweatdrop.

"I can tell you what he said de gozarou," Kaede said.

"Eh! Since when did you know?" Asuna asked, surprised that Kaede knew the story when only Negi, Setsuna and Asuna were present. But then again, she was a Ninja. It wouldn't be too hard for her to eavesdrop on a conversation that was private.

"Gohan-kun told me," Kaede replied with a smile on her face, causing Asuna to face-fault but not too loudly. Kotaruo shook his head but motioned the Mahora Ninja to continue on with her explanation. "Gohan-kun told me this,

"Saiyans were known as planet brokers due to them being war-like people in that they share an innate enjoyment for conflict and fighting; choosing violence over peace with other races. Thus, when an extraterrestrial race wanted a planet, they would hire Saiyans to go and destroy the races inhabiting the planet."

"I think that the Saiyans worked in an organization that would deal with different alien races. It would make sense with all the technology that they have de gozarou," Kaede explained.

"Then, are Vegeta-san and Tarble-niichan part of this group? Tullece seems to be friends with these guys," Kotarou commented.

"But I don't see Tullece around anywhere. Is he off looking for the crystals someplace else?" Asuna questioned. Kotarou was about to respond to Asuna's inquiry before Kaede silenced them as she wanted to hear what was going on down below.

Meanwhile, the two Elders, Tera and Stragos Magus, and the woman, Rosa, noticed the three Crystals in the hands of both Ringune and Raboli. The mighty Emperor, Kureeza, grinned upon seeing their reaction. "As you can see, I am collecting the Calicem Crystallinum. My name is Kureeza," the mighty Emperor said. "Now then, where are the others who were here? According to our search, there are supposed to be ten of you."

Tera, Stragos and Rosa were silent. But Kureeza knew that they wouldn't have long before they talked. "Do you intend not to say anything? I will kill you. Now, let me have your answer," Kureeza stated. Then Tera began to speak in an ancient language that none could understand for it was an Ancient Minervan tongue, passed down through generations.

Kureeza chuckled at Tera's feeble attempt of trying to not speak to him. "Speak in a language that we can understand as well, not in your primitive one," the mighty Emperor stated with a grin on his face. "I know that you can speak it."

"The others have left to work the farms," Tera said. "All that are left are myself, another elder, a woman and the children."

"Yes, if I can have you answer me straightforwardly like that, I will not do anything to you. Now then, let me have you continue to answer my questions. Where is your crystal? I believe the Ice Crystal is here, as well."

Tera was shocked that Kureeza knew that the crystal was here. He needed to buy some time. "I-I don't know! We don't have anything like that!"

Kureeza grinned evilly. "Raboli-san…"

"Yes, sir?"

"The second Minervan we killed, as I recalled, said something quite interesting, did he not?"

"Yes, something about him not being able to hand over the crystal that he was entrusted, except to one judged to be a man of valor by passing the crystal's test," recounted the red giant alien blob.

"Yes, yes. That man proved to be quite stubborn," Kureeza added. "We simply could not get him to cooperate with us, until we killed one of the women in village, to serve as an example." Tera and the Minervans jerked in surprise and in shock as did the Negima group that was watching the whole thing. Asuna couldn't believe that someone would kill an innocent woman. It was not right.

"Once we did, he told us all sorts of things," Kureeza explained. "That the Queen Mother, the absolute leader of this world, was entrusted by her ancestors to protect and care for the Calicem Crystallinum as they had split the crystals into seven. She then gave them to seven elders to hold with great care; and that each of them would ask to match wits, extend tests of strength, endure each crystal's test and discuss the reasons for one's wish. Then, once one has passed each crystal's test and is judged to be a man of valor by each elder, one would finally be able to obtain them. However, even though I tried to do as was asked of me, I was told that he would never hand it over to me, you see? So I could not help myself but to kill him. As such, it took a great deal of effort to locate the first one. The next two were quite easy. Everyone was quite accommodating."

"A-Accommodating, you say!? You are lying!" Tera said angrily.

"Yeah!" Stragos added with a clenched fist. "There's no way the other elders handed them over to you without any protest!"

"I beg to differ. Once we did this, they quickly became amenable," Kureeza said. "Ringune-san, if you would show them."

The 'handsome' alien nodded. "Yes, sir." He then putted his crystal on the floor and within in an instance, he went into super speed. The Minervans looked around, trying to locate Ringune but it was impossible for them as he was going at incredible speeds. Suddenly, he appeared but behind the group of Minervans. He let out a small evil grin as he was directly behind Rosa. The woman shrieked upon seeing him and tried to do a spell but it was too late as the 'handsome' alien gave a swift to her neck, snapping and killing her instantly.

Stragos clenched his fists angrily as Ringune landed on the ground after killing his daughter. "Why, you…! CANTUS BELLAX!" Stragos chanted as a bright aura surrounded him, ready to take on revenge for his beloved daughter.

But Tera knew better. If Stragos were to succumb to his emotions, he was going to be left wide open for attack. "Stop! Stargos!" shouted the goggled old man but it was too late. Stragos had begun his incantation.

"VENIANT SPIRITUS GLACIALES! EXTENTANTUR AERI TUNDRAM ET GLACIEM, LOCI NOTCTIS ALBAE! CRYSTALLITATIO TELLUSTRIS!" Stragos chanted as all the moisture near where Ringune was standing instantly froze, which caused jagged pillars of ice to shoot up from the ground. Ringune, however, jumped at the last second and avoided the pillars. But one of Kureeza's men wasn't so lucky as he was impaled in various parts of his body by the ice pillars.

Stragos gritted his teeth as he glared up at Ringune. Ringune let out a small chuckle before lifting his hand up in the air. He then charged up a ki ball that could easily destroy this area. The Negima group was shocked as they sensed the massive power behind it. But Ringune knew better as he began to focus the massive ki ball into his arm and pointed at Stragos. With a war cry, he shot his ki beam like bullet as it speeding towards the old man. Stragos was helpless as he was engulfed by the blast and killed.

As soon as Stragos's charred body hit the ground, Tera grabbed hold of the children, Palom and Porom, tightly.

The Negima crew was shell shocked at this sudden turn events. First, they killed an innocent woman and then burned an elderly man to crisp. "W-What fiends!" Kaede said.

"H-How awful!" Asuna gritted her teeth. She clenched her fists angrily but as result, her ki was starting to get out of control. A white thin aura surrounded the orange haired girl.

Kotarou immediately sensed the increased ki coming from the orange haired girl. "Asuna-neechan, control your ki!" commanded the hanyou. "They'll know we're here!"

"But if we don't do something…"

"You want to go back to Mahora Academy with everyone, right? There's no way we can take on someone like that," Kotarou commented. "As much as I hate saying this, if we show ourselves now, we'd only die in vain. Besides, we only came here to scout."

"You have definitely improved Kotarou-bozu," Kaede said.

"It's true that back then I would have jumped in without any consequence but after training with Piccolo-san, it's better to have cool heads than those lost to their emotions," Kotarou explained.

Kureeza, meanwhile, chuckled as Ringune returned to his spot next to the mighty Emperor. "What do you say? Are you feeling a little more compliant now? Hmm?"

"What is your purpose in collecting the Calicem Crystallinum?" Tera asked.

"Oh, it is quite a frivolous little wish. I was thinking of gaining eternal life."

"The likes of you will get the Crystal over my dead body!" shouted Tera angrily. "My family has guarded this crystal for generations! There is no way someone like one will get it!"

"Ho ho ho. So you are saying you would rather choose death than give your Crystal to me? I see. The people of this planet seem to be very stubborn, indeed. But then… can you still remain stubborn after the death of those children?"

"W-What!?" Tera jerked, immediately looking at the children that were behind him. "You'd even go after children as well?! How low can you get!?" Asuna couldn't agree more as she began clenching her fists even more tightly, releasing more of her power.

Raboli's Scouter then began to read something. "There's a strong battle power," he said. Kotarou let out a small curse. It was probably Asuna's. He needed to stop the orange haired girl from doing something stupid before it was too late. But luckily, the reading that Raboli's Scouter picked up wasn't Asuna's but something else. "Kureeza-sama, over there!" Raboli shouted pointed to the sky as three figures were fast approaching to this location.

Tera's face lit up brightly with a smile as he knew who these three mysterious figures were. "Ah! It's them! The Red Wings are finally here!" he shouted excitedly.

And soon enough, the three figures touched down on the ground, glaring at Kureeza and his goon squad. It was the infamous Red Wings of Planet Minerva, defenders of justice on the planet. They all wore a suit of armor, each one a different color. The two outliers, Biggs and Wedge, wore a colored brown and dark gray suit of armor while the middle one, Ceodore, was wearing a blue suit of armor with a red and white scarf around his neck.

Ceodore, the leader of the Red Wings, noticed the dead bodies of Rosa and Stragos on the floor. Gritting his teeth angrily, the blonde haired mage glared at Kureeza. "Damn, that ill foreboding I felt proved true!" he said.

Kureeza let out a sigh of disappointment. "We cannot have this, can we? I was finally about to have another Crystal brought out to me, too," he said before giving the evil look at the Red Wings. "Imagine, you interrupting your work, so that you could come here and be killed."

"I see now," Ceodore said. "The rumors of people attacking the villages and stealing the Crystals are true, are they?"

"You'll pay for this!" Biggs shouted.

"How dare you trample the peace of Planet Minerva!?" Wedge added.

"Ho, you intend to fight us?" Kureeza asked. Turning over to the red alien blob, the mighty Emperor asked, "How great is your battle power? Raboli-san?"

"Yes, sir, I will check," replied Raboli as he pressed the red button on his Scouter, measuring each member of the Red Wings's battle power. Tera was a little surprised once he heard Raboli say this, "Please do not be disappointed. All three are below the standard level of Kurezecs. There is no need for us to even fight them."

The rest of Kureeza's army laughed as they also measured the Red Wings's battle power. So that's it, Tera deduced. I now understand how they are able to so precisely locate our villages, which dot the land across the vastness of Planet Minerva. They are able to search, using those devices!

"How laughable! You want to tangle with us, warriors that have eaten the fruit of Shinjisu tree?" spoke up one of Kureeza's soldiers.

Up on the cliff, Kotarou shook his head. "He's wrong. Those three are just suppressing their energy. Don't these dudes even know that much?" the hanyou questioned.

"Tullece told us that, even though he was using a Scouter, he could tell that we were hiding our strength," Kaede added. "But Tarble-dono was surprised by that fact de gozarou."

Meanwhile, Kureeza's soldiers prepared themselves for battle as they rushed towards the Red Wings. "Let 'em have it!" One of them shouted.

Ceodore looked at his companions and said, "Remember, go to the maximum! They desecrated our beloved peace!" Biggs and Wedge both nodded in agreement. The three of them began to charge up their Mana as they all shouted, "CANTUS BELLAX VIS MAXIMUS!" A huge aura of magical power surrounded the three Red Wings as they went on the offensive.

Once the battle had started, the Red Wings were beginning to make quick work of Kureeza's soldiers. Using a variety of magic spells, the soldiers of Kureeza's army stood no chance. Biggs was specialized in Fire magic while Wedge specialized in Water magic. Ceodore, meanwhile, specialized in Wind and Ice magic.

Biggs chanted a powerful Fire spell to take out many of the soldiers. "PAREO PACTUM QUOD SERVO MHI. RECOLLIGO, PHASMATIS FLAMMA APES IGNIFERAE!" As he finished his chanted, he threw out his hand and sent out several wasp-like projectiles at some of the soldiers, creating large explosions.

Wedge also chanted a powerful spell as he summoned the water that was nearby for this spell. "MAGNA CATARACTA!" Upon finishing the chant, a large-pillar of water was summoned. He then directed it at the approaching soldiers and soon enough, Kureeza's men were submerged by the giant pillar of water. Wedge let out a small grin as he and Biggs continued to fight off Kureeza's men.

A few of Kureeza's strongest men then approached the standing Ceodore. They went ahead with punches, kicks, ki blasts and even used their arm cannons but the leader of the Red Wings dodged everything. By the time the last attack came in, Ceodore had jumped into the air. Above the soldiers that were battling him, the leader of the Red Wings began to chant a powerful spell. Once he finished the incantation, he shouted the name of his attack, "MALLEUS AQUILONIS!" It turns out that Ceodore had summoned a giant mass of ice as he hurled it at his opponents. Kureeza's men stood defenseless against the crushing blow of Ceodore's attack.

As more of Kureeza's men joined the fight, Ringune's eyebrow was twitching in anger. He turned to his companion, Raboli with a disappointed look on his face. "What is this? That's what you call a battle power below a Kurezec?" Ringune exclaimed, getting a confused from Raboli.

Raboli went ahead to check their battle power once again but this time around, they were completely different! "What's going on here?" he questioned. "All three have increased their battle power tremendously!"

"Well, well, they are pretty good, are they not?" Kureeza commented.

"I get it.," the red alien blob said. "The people of this planet are a race that is able to control their battle power. Such is a very rare type."

Meanwhile, Tera had finished his preparations. All right, he said to himself as he glanced at the remaining Scouters. Including the red alien blob's, there are only three of those devices that remain unbroken. "Children, stand away from me," Tera said. "Quickly!" Porom and Palom nodded at the elderly man as they backed away from him.

Kureeza was starting to get irritated that this wasn't finishing sooner. He really wanted to get that wish quickly before Tullece got the chance to steal a Crystal right underneath him. Turning to the red alien blob, he said, "Raboli-san…"

Raboli knew what that look meant. It was time for him to get into the action and finish the Red Wings once and for all. "Yes, sir," he said as he put down the crystals that he was carrying. "You guys are pathetic. You're going to trouble me with this, are you?" Turning to the mighty Emperor, Raboli asked, "May I take care of all three of them?"

"Feel free."

"IACULATIO GRANDINIS!" Tera shouted as a dense ice spear went towards Raboli, more specifically, his Scouter! Once the spear hit the mechanical device, it was destroyed completely!

Raboli felt a slight sting on his face. However, he was mighty pissed. "Y-You bastard!" he said, his brow twitching in rage. "Did you think you could defeat me with such a petty technique?" Despite the threat, Tera jumped into the air and launched two more ice spears at the remaining Scouters, effectively destroying them!

"Oh, no!" Ringune shouted as he realized what the old man was doing. "He was going after the Scouters!"

"Scouters?" Kotarou asked the rest of the Negima crew.

"Those devices that can tell an opponent's strength and location de gozarou," Kaede explained.

"So that's it!" Asuna added. "Then they can't determine the precise location of the Calicem Crystallinum after all! They use those Scouters to look for the Minervans, and then strong-arm them!"

"Then that's why, when the old-timer there figured it out, he destroyed all of their Scouters!" Kotarou commented excitedly.

Raboli got easily pissed that such a tactic was used, especially on him! "Why, you…!" He then jumped into the air, speeding towards the defenseless Tera. "I-I'll kill them all! I'll kill every last one of them! Starting with you!"

"Elder Tera!" Ceodore shouted as he was about to rush in and protect the old sage, but luckily someone interrupted the red alien blob's flight path.

"Raboli-san! Just a moment!" Kureeza shouted, stopping the red alien blob in his tracks. "Begin by first killing the three younger ones!"

"Damn it!" Raboli said, gritting his teeth. He then went full force to the ground, shaking the earth that stood on for a bit. Raboli then cracked his knuckles as he headed towards the Red Wings. "I'll put all three of you away in ten seconds!" the red alien blob stated.

"Ridiculous! Do you think you're a match for all three of us?!" Biggs exclaimed.

"Am I a match for all three of you, you ask?" Raboli said with an evil grin on his face as he went into super speed and disappearing entirely. Biggs looked around for the red alien blob but couldn't find him until he felt something punctured through his chest. He looked down and saw it was Raboli's arm as it had gotten through his chest. "Such an amusing joke," the red alien blob whispered to Biggs's ear before giving the finishing blow of breaking his neck.

"Biggs! You bastard!" Wedge shouted as he went on the attack.

"Wedge, no!" Ceodore commanded but it was too late as his companion went ahead with his attack.

"Take this you fat ass! EX SOMNO EXSISTAT EXUNDANS UNDINA INIMICUM IMMERGAT IN ALVEUM! VINCTUS AQUARIUS!" Throwing his hand forward, Wedge launched his capture water spell so he could deliver a more powerful spell upon the red alien blob since he knew that he could move fast, despite his size.

However, Wedge had underestimated Raboli's speed as he dodged the Red Wings's attack. He then appeared behind Wedge as he prepared his own attack. Putting his right hand forward, he charged up a red energy sphere and then fired it in the form of an energy wave at Wedge, inflicting a huge amount of damage that Wedge could not survive.

Ceodore gaped as he watched his burnt companion fall to the ground. Glaring at the red alien blob, Ceodore then chanted up a spell that he had hoped not to use at all. Summoning upon Ice and the Darkness within his heart, the leader of the Red Wings chanted, "VENIANT SPIRITUS GLACIALES OBSCURANTES! CUM OBSCURATIONE FLET TEMPESTATS NIVALIS! NIVIS TEMPESTAS OBSCURANS!" Upon finishing the incantation, Ceodore sent a giant magic beam at Raboli.

The red blob alien looked at the incoming blast with a grin on his face as he faced his entire body towards it. Everyone was curious as to why he was doing that when suddenly the blast hit him in the stomach but instead of exploding, it was receding inwards! "What!?" Ceodore exclaimed, shocked by this.

Raboli grinned evilly. "Such a nice technique," Raboli taunted. "How about you take it back!" With some flexion of his abdominal muscles, Raboli sent Ceodore's ultimate attack back at him! The leader of the Red Wings could only watch in horror as his own attack engulfed him in a mighty blast that killed him.

Tera gaped in shock. Within minutes, the mighty Red Wings were easily crushed by one red giant blob! How could this be? His body trembled in fear. "Ho ho ho," Kureeza chuckled, knowing full well the reaction that was overcoming the elderly man. "You must now realize that defying me or trying to run away will do you no good. But, in any event, come on down here."

Tera, instead of protesting, did what was asked of him. "You have finally become compliant," Kureeza continued. "That will do. You destroyed our precious Scouters. What do you say you produce the Crystal for me, to apologize?"

"I've got no other choice," Tera said. "But promise me on thing: that you will not harm the children, no matter what!" Kureeza didn't respond verbally to Tera's promise; just giving a nod to the elderly man. Tera then went ahead inside of the building that had the symbol for Ice on the top.

Meanwhile, up on the cliff, Asuna clenched her fists angrily. "Why, those lousy…!"

"H-Hey, Asuna-neechan, don't go getting any funny ideas," Kotarou stated. "As much as I want to beat them, we are just no match for those guys."

"But…" Asuna trailed as Kotarou shook his head once more. However, Asuna couldn't let this one go. Curse their predicament.

Within a few seconds, Tera had come out of the building with a crystal in hand. "Now, take this, and leaver here at once!" Tera commanded to the mighty Emperor.

"Good work," Kureeza said as he commanded the remaining few of his soldiers that weren't killed by the Red Wings. As soon as his soldier grabbed the crystal and brought it back to the Kureeza, the mighty Emperor continued to speak. "While we are it, how about you tell me where the other three Crystals are?"

"Don't be absurd! We Minervans would die before doing anything like selling each other out!" Tera said. "Now, hurry up and get out of here, like you promised."

"My, my, not you, too? No one on this planet ever says anything about their companions," Kureeza said, letting out a sigh of disappointment. "Sure enough, I must have you die, along with the children."

"What did you say?!" Tera exclaimed, gaping in shock at Kureeza's declaration. "That wasn't out agreement! You said if I gave you the Crystal, you wouldn't do anything to us!"

"But unless I have all seven Crystals together to form the Calicem Crystallinum, there is no meaning, is there?" the mighty Emperor asked. "You have destroyed our Scouters, so I must ask you to tell us where the remaining three crystals are."

"I told you, I'll die before telling you where my people are!"

"Is that how badly you wish to die? In that case, I will do as you ask."

"What?"

Looking at Raboli, Kureeza gave out his order. "Kill all three of them, starting with the children," the mighty Emperor commanded.

"Yes, sir." Raboli nodded right away as he went towards Tera and the two twins.

"You two run away!" Tera shouted. "Run away from here!"

"R-Right!" Palom nodded as she took her brother, Porom with her as they tried to run away as far away as possible.

Tera then prepared himself in a mystical magic arts stance. "Let me show you the powers of the Guardian of the Ice Crystal!" Tera boasted.

However, Raboli did something unexpected as he opened his mouth and shot a ki beam! Tera prepared himself for the incoming blast as he began to chant quickly, but by the time the ki blast came, something happened. It went by him as it hit an unexpected target, Porom! The male twin was killed in an instance. Palom's eyes watered up with tears as she tried to wake up her brother. "Porom… Porom…! Wake up!"

Tera gritted his teeth. "You low life scum! How dare you attack an innocent child?" The elderly man prepared himself to attack but quickly found himself at the mercy of Raboli as the reb alien blob appeared right before him. Tera tried to attack quickly but Raboli was too quick and got him in a head-lock. Within moments, Tera's neck snapped and it was done.

Raboli chuckled. "You never had time to show us your so-called 'powers'!" the red alien blob said as he turned to his next target. "It's a trivial matter to crush a kid like this. Well, be that as it may, die!"

Asuna couldn't take it anymore as she stood up. "Stop it! I can't take it anymore! ADEAT!" the orange haired girl shouted, grabbing the attention of both Kureeza and Ringune. Upon grabbing her summoned sword, Asuna went on the attack. Jumping down and using her momentum for the attack, the orange haired girl swung her sword at Raboli's back, leaving a giant gash on his back and sending him flying. "That'll show you!" Asuna said as she stood in front of Palom.

Raboli shook his head as he took off the debris that was on top of him. He glared hatefully at Asuna, without noticing that there were a few electric sparks coming out of his back. "W-Who are you?!" the red alien blob asked.

Asuna stood her ground. "I am going to belt you!"

"You're going to do what?" Raboli said as he was about to go on the attack and destroy the orange haired girl. But suddenly, he was hit by a large black wolf-dog, now more solid and robotic in appearance covered in a blaze of fiery black ki. Asuna wondered who did the attack for a bit before realizing that attack was one of Kotarou's.

"Kotarou-kun?"

"Y-You dumbass, Asuna-neechan!" the young hanyou shouted as he grabbed Palom bridal style, not caring for the blush that was on her face as he didn't have time to think about how to properly hold a girl. "Get out of here, quick!" Asuna nodded as she noticed Kaede was already in the sky, ready to escape. She jumped into air and followed the dog boy and the Mahora Ninja as they sped quickly across the sky.

Raboli, meanwhile, was stuck underneath a huge pile of debris. Upon one pebble falling down, Raboli broke out of his 'tomb'. Grabbing his face, Raboli gritted his teeth as he was royally pissed now. "D-Damn it…"

"Go after them!" Kureeza shouted as he was interested in learning more about these mysterious people. "Raboli-san, catch them!"

The red alien blob nodded. He grinned evilly as he too jumped into the air. "You fools! Do you think you can get away?!" Raboli shouted as he quickly went after the Negima crew and Palom. This had become a chase that Planet Minerva won't soon forget.



* * *



Hey everyone! Hope you enjoyed reading my chapter! I know I am going to hear a lot about how this is similar to the Namek Saga and you know what... it is! So screw you! I really don't care if you have a problem with it. It's my story so I can do it whatever I want with it. And just for your information, it is not all going to be same. There will be some elements that I change here and there but if you are interested, please continue supporting me. Sorry about the rant but I had to say it before a rush of negative reviews come in.

I will try update as soon as I can. Thank you for your support and please be patient.

READ AND REVIEW!





