A New World in my View





		Story: A New World in my View

		Storylink: https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7286512/1/

		Category: Buffy: The Vampire Slayer + X-Men Crossover

		Genre: Adventure

		Author: P.H. Wise

		Authorlink: https://www.fanfiction.net/u/173951/

		Last updated: 03/09/2014

		Words: 164838

		Rating: T

		Status: In Progress

		Content: Chapter 1 to 24 of 24 chapters

		Source: FanFiction.net



		Summary: In the wake of a spell gone wrong, trapped in a world not their own, two lost souls seek a way to reclaim the lives they lost. An X-Men, Power Girl, and Buffy the Vampire Slayer crossover.





*Chapter 1*: New Girl in Town


			Xander was falling. It was night, and he was falling.

'Crap, double crap, triple crap, quadruple crap, quintuple crap.' He thought. He wasn't sure where he was or how he had gotten here, but he was definitely falling. He kind of figured that the heart-wrenching sensation of the fall would eventually go away, but right now? Not so much. The last thing he remembered was... was THAT COSTUME. The one Cordelia had made him wear after he'd lost their bet. The one that was currently really uncomfortably tight around his chest and butt. He'd been out chaperoning a bunch of kids, and trying not to feel miserable in his blonde wig and white costume with red cape, a shadow passed over his vision, and then he was here.

Falling.

Screaming at the top of his lungs, too. The wind took his voice before it could reach his ears. Below, a cityscape was rushing up to meet him with uncomfortable speed.

He could not quite stop the choked giggle that escaped him, cutting off his scream, when he realized that he was falling towards the island of Manhattan, though he didn't remember there being a big skyscraper with the number four on each side at the top.

The street grew ever closer, and Xander did the only thing he could think of: he prayed. 'God, Jesus, Moses, Mohammed, Vishnu, Buddha, hell, I'd take CROM at this point... I could really use some help here!'

He had time to see the 42nd and Madison street signs plus the shocked expressions on the faces of pedestrians right before he hit the ground.



* * *



A New World in my View

by P.H. Wise

A BtVS Crossover Fanfic

Chapter 01: New Girl in Town

Disclaimer: The DC Universe and its associated characters is the property of DC comics. The Marvel Universe and its associated characters is the property of Marvel Comics. Buffy the Vampire Slayer is Joss Whedon's baby. I am none of these people. This story is an answer to Challenge 6364: Supergirl Xander.



* * *



"Who's the hottie?" The voice belonged to Johnny Storm - blue hair, blonde eyes ... Wait, reverse those. His gaze lingered on the young woman lying unconscious on the medical bed beneath a host of scanning arrays in the Four Freedoms Plaza's sickbay.

"We don't know," Sue replied. Sister to Johnny, wife to the other man in the room - Reed Richards, who was currently hard at work operating the medical scanners.

Johnny let the door shut behind him as he crossed the smooth white floor that separated him from the hottie on the bed. Holographic screens floated all around her, some of them semi-solid, and responding to the touch of Reed's elongated limbs, stretched from one side of the bed to another. He looked down at the girl.

"God damn," he murmured. There's really no other way to say it: the girl was stacked. And considering the shredded state of her clothing, not to mention the skimpy nature of said clothing to begin with, there was no hiding from her charms. Her obviously developed musculature (and six pack abs) were a little weird when paired with her other endowments, but Johnny wasn't complaining. Young, too - Johnny'd put her age at 18 at most. Gorgeous. Almost boyishly short blonde hair. Flawless skin. Clad in the remains of a white leotard with very hgh cut leg holes, a red cape that had seen better days, a red belt, blue gloves and boots. ... None of it fit her very well. "What do we know?" he asked.

"The young woman fell from the sky above Manhattan Island approximately twenty minutes ago," Reed replied, not looking up from his work. "She landed on the pavement traveling at terminal velocity, and she left a crater at the site of impact six feet deep. She has three broken ribs, extensive bruising, and a few nasty scrapes to show for it."

Johnny raised an eyebrow. "Is she a mutant?"

Sue and Reed exchanged looks. "Not as such," Reed said, followed immediately by Sue saying, "She's not human."

"Looks pretty human to me."

"How much would you say she weighs, Johnny?"

Johnny considered the girl once more, this time with an evaluating eye rather than an appreciative one. ... well, slightly less appreciative. Well... evaluating, anyways. She was maybe 5'11. Well muscled in spite of her large bosom. "180, maybe 200 pounds tops?"

"Five hundred and ten, actually."

Johnny looked surprised at that. "... Damn. Guess that explains the damage to the street."

"In part," Reed replied.

"So," Johnny said, "Random not-human girl falls from the sky above New York, survives the fall, and just happens to land in our front yard?"

Sue shrugged, and looked to Reed. "What do your measurements show?" she asked.

"... Double D, at least."

Reed and Sue gave Johnny a look.

"What? You give me a line like that, and you expect me not to take it? I'm only human."

The girl let out a faint groan, drawing the attention of the three heroes.

"She's waking up," Reed said.



* * *



Sunnydale High

"Haven't you ever wondered what you'll be when you grow up?" Cordelia asked.

Xander shrugged. "I always figured I'd just be Xander, and let the rest take care of itself."

"That's no reason to avoid career week," Cordelia replied. "Come on. They've already posted the results."

Something about the career fair made him feel downright uneasy. ... wasn't it not supposed to be happening for another couple of weeks? He was pretty sure that's what the school calendar said, anyways. "What do you care, anyways?" he asked. But Cordelia gave him a look that said she wasn't going to have any of it, and his resistance faded in the face of it. He let her drag him over to the bulletin board, and watched bemusedly as she examined her own listing.

"Oh, here I am," Cordelia said. "'Personal shopper or motivational speaker.' Neato!"

"Motivational speaker?" Xander asked, sarcasm thick in his voice, "On what? Ten ways to a more annoying you?"

Cordelia glared, and then paged through the H-K list to find Xander's result. "And what about you? You're..." she broke out into giggles. "Oh. Oh wow."

"What?" Xander rushed over to the board to examine his place on the list. "What?"

Xander Harris. Superheroine.

...

Wait, WHAT?

He was still staring in shock at the listing when the world began to blur around him. He felt as though his head were wrapped in a wet towel, and everything grew painfully bright...



* * *



Four Freedoms' Tower

Waking up was not the most pleasant experience Xander Harris had ever had. His head throbbed - his whole body throbbed, actually - and the light was almost physically painful to look at. He tried to lift an arm, to rub his eyes, but his arm felt like it was made of lead. "Ugh..." he moaned.

Slowly, the world came into focus. There were shapes now, and not just painful light and colour. His body felt... different. Weird. There was a weight on his chest that hadn't been there before. His thoughts were fuzzy. Weirdly out of focus.

And then he looked down and saw his own chest. Or rather, her own chest. She stared down at her own ample bosom for a long moment with a look of complete incomprehension. Then a quick check with the fingers revealed that she was in fact naked under the blanket that covered her from the waist down, and that yes, she was missing a particular part of her anatomy between her legs. Someone was speaking, but she couldn't make out the words. All the blood felt like it was rushing away from her head.

All things considered, Xander took the situation rather well: she fainted.

Waking up the second time was easier. No slow process this, but the flick of a switch. One moment unconscious, the next, awake.

She was still lying on a cold bed, a blanket still covering her from the waist down. The lights were dimmer now, and a woman with long blonde hair was looking down at her, smiling compassionately. "Hey," the woman said. "How do you feel?"

Xander had to swallow three times before she could manage to speak, "... like I got into a fight with a city bus... and lost..." Her voice was higher now - in the alto range - and there was a strength and authority in it that it had never held before, even now, even barely able to speak as she was. She wasn't sure she liked that.

The woman laughed. "More like a city street. Can you tell me your name? And how you wound up falling from the sky above New York city?"

Xander opened her mouth to reply. She knew who she was, certianly - her memories were clear right up until the point where hit the ground. ... but how DID she get here? And did she really want to give the name 'Xander Harris' in this situation? She'd never live it down. She shook her head, trying very hard to get a handle on the panic that was bubbling up from the pit of her stomach, "I'm sorry, I don't..."

The woman nodded. "Short term memory loss is sometimes associated with ... accidents. It should come back once you've recovered from the concussion."

Xander nodded faintly. "... Thanks," she managed. A pause. "Am I in the hospital?"

The woman shook her head. "You're inside Four Freedoms' Plaza. When you crashed just outside, well..." she shrugged. "I'm Sue. Sue Richards. We've been tending to your injuries."

"Who's we?"

"Besides myself? Reed, my husband, my brother Johnny, and Ben."

"... Huh."

Sue raised an eyebrow. "Never heard of the Fantastic Four?" she asked.

"I've heard of the Magnificent Seven? ... which I'm guessing is totally not the same thing."

"Guess you're not from around here." Sue laid out a pair of of jeans and a black tanktop - both in her sizes, followed by a bra and panties. "We're going to ask that you stay here in the medical bay until Reed thinks you're well enough to walk around. He'll be in shortly - we decided that it would be better not to expose you to too many different faces all at once. Or at least not until you're dressed. Do you need help getting dressed?"

Xander's face burned with embarrassment at that, and while she had no idea how to put on a bra, she shook her head. "No thanks."

"I'll just be outside, then. If you need anything, call out and we'll hear you."

A moment later, the door opened with a hiss, and Sue stepped out of the room, the door closing behind her shortly afterwards.

Xander sat up and looked around at the medical bay, still in shock, but now desperately trying to come up with some sort of story to tell these people. ... Well, some sort of story OTHER than the truth: telling people about the Hellmouth and Halloween and all the rest, besides being really embarrassing, would probably not cement her position as a member of the 'being sane' club in the eyes of her hosts.

She didn't even try to put on the bra, but she did manage the panties, the jeans, and the tank top - which she filled out generously. It hurt to put on the clothes. Her ribs. Sharp, burning pain every time she inhaled.

'OK, Xander,' she thought, 'Let's approach this rationally. You lost the bet, you dressed as Power Girl, something happened, and now... it's a dream. That has to be it. It's just a bad dream.' She pinched herself.

Nothing.

'Right. Not a dream. You've actually been transformed into a girl, you're injured, and you're stuck in New York until you can find a way to get home and hopefully to reverse this transformation without anyone finding out that it happened. ... can this get any worse?'

No sooner had she thought it than it did: Xander Harris, newly female, really needed to pee.

It didn't take long to find the restroom - unisex, thank Crom - and after she'd relieved herself, she took a moment to consider her reflection in the mirror. ... and immediately recognized the person looking back: Power Girl.

She'd been turned into Power Girl.

Staring at her own reflection, Xander couldn't help but drool.



* * *



Ethan's Halloween Supply, Sunnydale

Three Hours Ago

"It's come as you aren't night," Buffy told Willow as she led the other girl through the costume shop's racks. A new store. 'Ethan's. "The perfect chance for a girl to get sexy and wild with no repercussions."

"Oh, I don't get wild," Willow replied, finding the whole idea a bit dubious. "Wild on me equals spaz."

"Don't underestimate yourself. You've got it in you."

Willow spotted Xander as he approached, smiled, and called out, "Hey Xander! What'd you get?" She gestured to the shopping bag he held.

A beat passed, and then Willow frowned. "... You're not really going through with that bet you made with Cordelia, are you?"

His face burning with shame, Xander opened the bag, revealing the Powergirl costume that lay within, complete with blonde wig. "Shoot me. Stuff me. Mount me." he muttered.

Buffy looked sympathetic. "Nobody really expects you..." She trailed off. "OK, nobody who isn't Cordelia really expects you to go through with it, Xander."

"A bet's a bet. A man doesn't go back on his word."

Buffy made a face. He was still sore about that whole 'violating the guy code' thing, it seemed. "Xander, I really am sorry about this morning."

"Trying to repress here, Buffy," he replied.

"Right." She put her chin on his shoulder and pouted. "Okay, then I promise, from now on I'll let you get pummeled."

Xander rolled his eyes. "Thank you," he said.



* * *



Four Freedoms' Tower

A knock on the door brought Xander out of her thoughts. She was sitting on the edge of her bed, now, bare feet dangling just above the cold floor. She looked up. "... Yeah?"

The door opened, and a man in a blue jumpsuit with white hair at his temples entered, followed closely by Sue. "How are you feeling?" Sue asked.

Xander met her gaze, smiled a little uncomfortably, and did NOT say the first thing that came to mind ('emasculated'), but took a moment to think about what to say, and then said, "Better. Still some pain, but better."

"Glad to hear it." Sue gestured to the man who had preceded her into the room. "This is Reed. Reed, this is..." she looked questioningly to Xander.

Xander said nothing, wracking her brain for some kind of response, finding none.

"Sue tells me you've been having some problems with your memory," Reed said. "Why don't you just tell us whatever you can?"

It came to her as a flash of inspiration: a name she could use while she was stuck in this body that would never be associated with her old one. A name that they wouldn't immediately know to the name of a fictional character - after all, Power Girl was pretty widely known as Kara Zor-L, and while she liked that one better, she didn't want to press her luck. It would be weird to be called by it, but Xander had dealt with weird before, and honestly? It was better than telling them the truth. "... Starr," she said. "My name is Karen Starr."

Sue looked a bit dubious, but Reed smiled, and if Xander couldn't tell if it was an amused smile or a polite smile, well... she wasn't going to stress over it. "A pleasure to meet you, Ms. Starr," Reed said.

"Right. I hate to cut this short, and I'm grateful and everything, but..." Xander looked a little embarrassed, and rubbed the back of her neck. "Can I use a phone?"

Reed and Sue exchanged glances.

"Who would you call, Ms. Starr?" Sue asked.

Xander couldn't quite suppress her discomfort. "... look, can you not call me 'Ms. Starr?'"

"Karen, then."

Xander looked at them both for a long moment. "I need to get in touch with a man named Rupert Giles," she said finally.

"I don't think that's going to happen," Reed said. "Not yet, anyways."

Xander's eyes narrowed. Were these people really going to try to keep her here? She hopped off the bed, ignoring the sudden searing pain in her chest, and landed on her feet with far more of a thud than her body had any right to produce. "Am I a prisoner?" she asked.

"No. But you are an unknown quantity."

"I haven't done anything wrong," Xander said.

"We scanned you while you were unconscious, Karen," Sue said. "We know that you're an extra-terrestrial."

Xander tried not to let the shock she felt show on her face. She knew that Power Girl was a Kryptonian, but the idea of herself as a Kryptonian hadn't connected emotionally before now. ... she was an alien. With Superman's powers! Immediately, she tried to use her X-Ray vision.

...

Nothing.

Damn. Were her eyes broken or something?

Reed nodded in agreement with his wife, unaware of what Xander was attempting. "You could have any number of bacteria or viruses in your system that would prove lethal - or at the very least problematic - to the general population. Until we're sure that releasing you wouldn't cause a pandemic or worse, we'd like you to remain here. We have the necessary resources to deal with anything you might be carrying. There are very few others who can say the same."

Xander made a face at that. She didn't much like the idea, and Sue picked up on it, following right on the heels of her husband's words with, "And besides, you haven't recovered from your injuries yet. No sense leaving when you shouldn't even be out of bed, is there?"

A twinge of pain from Xander's broken ribs sealed the deal. She sighed. "... All right, but I reserve the right to complain endlessly about being stuck in one room for however long it takes you to finish your tests."

Sue cracked a smile. "That sounds fair."



* * *



Her recovery was slow, and for the life of her, Xander couldn't figure out why. Didn't Power Girl normally heal really quickly? But here she was, a week into her extended stay at Four Freedoms' Plaza, still not allowed outside, and her ribs still hurt like hell, and her bruises had only just begun to fade. Granted, she was healing faster than a normal human, but still... it was annoying as hell.

A week.

She'd been a girl for a week. The idea still gave her the creeping horrors, and given the specific shape of this particular female body, it wasn't like she could just hide everything: she was reminded of her femaleness on an almost hourly basis. Sometimes she'd be fine for hours at a time, and then she'd feel her breasts shifting slightly when she moved, or just become painfully aware of the slight sway of her hips when she walked that she couldn't quite stop, or even just the way a fabric felt against her skin.

...

and then there was Johnny.

...

Oh boy, but there was Johnny.



* * *



"Evening, gorgeous," the soon-to-be object of Xander's irritation called out as Sue led her into a dining room where he, Reed and a ... big... rock thing in blue shorts? ... waited.

Xander stared.

"I know we can't all have supermodel good looks like me," the rock thing said, "But in some places starin' like that is considered rude."

Xander kept right on staring.

"Karen," Sue said, "This is Johnny," she indicated the blonde-haired, blue eyed young man, clad in the ever popular blue jumpsuit that seemed like it was all these people wore, "And that's Ben. Ben, Johnny, this is Karen Starr. She's going to be staying with us for a while."

"Pleasure's all mine," Ben said, and offered a hand.

"Pretty sure you're wrong," Johnny commented in a sotto voice.

Xander felt a stab of irritation pass through her, but refrained from giving Johnny the dirty look that he deserved - Sue was already taking care of that. Instead, she shook Ben's hand. "Nice to, er, meet you." She paused. "You're not demons, right?"

The Fantastic Four each looked at her in surprise.

"Do you deal with demons on a regular basis, Ms. Starr?" Reed asked.

Xander shook her head. "... Er, no," she lied poorly, and realized it almost immediately. "...by which I mean yes. Deal with. Demons, that is. There's dealing." And then she realized she was babbling almost as badly as Willow, and shut her mouth with an audible click.

Sue smiled an amused sort of smile. "No, we're not demons, Karen. We're human, just like everybody else." She paused, and then met Xander's gaze. "Well, almost everybody else."

"So you're the super-powered alien chick I keep hearing about?" Ben asked.

Xander sat down at the table. "... unless you've got more than one of us stashed away here?"

"Just you at the moment," Sue said.

"Heh," Ben said as he walked from the kitchen to put food on the table. "So what powers ya got?"

Xander actually had to think about that one. Did all of Power Girl's abilities carry over? ... She hadn't been able to fly, and she certainly wasn't healing as fast as she should if she really had Power Girl's powers, and her one attempt to use x-ray vision had totally failed. ... but she WAS way heavier than she should be, and she kept breaking things on accident. If she had to guess, she'd probably put her level of strength at Buffy level. But that was nowhere near what she was supposed to be capable of. "... I'm not sure, actually."

"Wanna find out?"

"That'll have to wait until some time when I'm not completely messed from kissing pavement at terminal velocity," Xander replied. "... Nine point eight meters per second per second may not be what it used to be, but I still don't recommend it."



* * *



It hadn't been so bad at first. Xander actually liked Ben, and Sue was cool, and Reed was... well, distant and scientific.

Johnny needed to learn to leave well enough alone. Getting hit on was creepy enough, but getting hit on almost constantly? ... She was beginning to consider solutions which involved violence.

At least she was going to be allowed access to a phone today. They'd done enough tests to be pretty sure that she wasn't carrying the next Ebola virus in her bloodstream, even if the needles they'd had to use to pierce her skin were truly the stuff of nightmares. Stupid ultra-dense cellular structure.

She was walking with Sue again, heading for some sort of communications room, though why they didn't just let her borrow a cell phone was beyond her. As she walked, she absently noted the treated windows. It was day time, but those windows weren't letting sunlight through. That made her frown. Why bother having windows if they didn't let sunlight through at all? Weird.

She stepped into the communications room, and Sue quickly directed her to sit down at a glowing futuristic terminal.

"That's your phone?" Xander asked.

Sue shrugged. "... Technically, no. But since you're not keyed into our network, this is what you can use."

Xander gave the setup a dubious look. "How do I...?"

"Place a call?" Sue reached over and manipulated the holographic screen for a few moments, brought up the phone menu, and then gestured to Xander. "There you are. Just hit 'end' when you're done." And she sat down at the seat next to Xander's.

Xander gave her an uncomfortable look. "... Er, look, could I maybe do this in private?"

Sue thought about that, nodded, stood up, and left the room. "Remember," she called as the door slid shut, "End when you're done."

Xander let out a breath. "... Right. OK." She typed in Giles' phone number on the holo-pad.

#The number you have dialed is not in service, or has been disconnected...#

Xander frowned. She paused a moment, and then dialed Buffy's phone number.

#The number you have dialed is not in service, or has been disconnected...#

Feeling a sense of rising panic, Xander typed in Willow's phone number, and when that didn't work, after wracking his brain for another number to try, went and dialed the number for Jessie's parents, too.

#The number you have dialed is not in service, or has been disconnected...#

Her own phone number.

#Hello?# The man's voice on the other end wasn't one she recognized.

"... Is this the Harris residence?" she asked.

#I'm sorry,# the man replied. #I think you have the wrong number.#

"Sue?" she called out. "Sue?"

The door opened, and Sue poked her head in. "Karen?"

"Can you do a search on the town of Sunnydale, California?"

Sue nodded, sitting down next to Xander and letting her fingers fly across the controls. A moment later, the results of the search came up on the screen: no matches.

Xander's eyes went wide. "... I think I'm not in Kansas anymore."

End Chapter 01



* * *



Author's Notes:

Yet Another Halloween fic. Oh dear.

I actually tend to dislike genderbent Xander stories, but I figure the best way to criticize previous executions of a concept is to write your own version of it. More to come.





*Chapter 2*: Learning the Ropes


			"Actually, I wanted to discuss an issue that came up eight days previous," Reed said. He was seated at an ornate wooden table in distinguished company: Charles Xavier to his right, Namor, King of Atlantis to his left, Stephen Strange, Iron Man, and Black Bolt across the table from him.

The others looked his way, waiting for him to continue.

Reed produced a small holo-emitter and activated it: an image of the blonde haired, busty, female Xander Haris appeared floating above the device. "It appears that I have gained myself a house guest," he began.

Namor looked annoyed. "I hardly see how this is a matter for our consideration. Did we not agree that this would be a forum in which we discussed only 'The Big Things?'"

Reed ruthlessly suppressed the annoyance he felt. "With respect, King Namor, she is not a small thing."

Namor did not seem impressed, but he nodded for Reed to continue.

Reed hit a switch, and began to display the readings he had taken in his scans of the girl. "Her name is Karen Starr. Alien. Unknown planet of origin. Her abnormally dense molecular structure gives her a baseline strength and toughness several times that of an ordinary woman. That in and of itself would not be a problem, if it weren't for the nature of her power."

Iron Man studied the holographic display. "... we've dealt with beings able to absorb solar energy before," he said, his tone neutral.

"Not like this," Reed replied. "I've managed to prevent her exposure to sunlight thus far, but it will happen, and once it does, her power will grow exponentially. Ultimately, if my analysis of her potential is correct, she will become a being of comparable power to Thor. The process will take time, but once started..."

"Surely you're not suggesting that we kill her simply because she's an Omega Class being," Xavier said.

"No. But I am asking for your advice."

There was a moment of silence at the table, and then the Black Bolt raised his hand. Xavier studied him for a moment, and then voiced the other man's thoughts aloud: "He believes that the girl should be evaluated before any judgment is passed one way or another."

"A test of character?" Doctor Strange asked. "I can arrange such a thing."

"Afterwards, if she passes, she'll need to be trained," Iron Man said.

Reed nodded.

All eyes went to Charles.

Charles looked slightly uncomfortable. "The Xavier institute exists to train and guide young mutants in the wise use of their powers. This girl is neither mutant nor human."

"But you'll train her," Namor said.

Charles met Namor's gaze. "Under the watchful gaze of Sentinel Squad O*N*E?" he asked.

"Irrelevant. You'll train her because there is no other choice. Atlantis is no option here."

"The Avengers aren't equipped for it," Iron Man added.

"I can do even less for her than you," Doctor Strange said.

Reed and Black Bolt said nothing.

"You'll train her," Namor said, "Because the alternative is unthinkable. She needs to be in control of her powers, and she needs teachers accustomed to dealing with young people in her situation."

Xavier sighed. "... I'll train her," he conceded.

"It's decided then," Iron Man said. "Now, let us move on to our next order of business: the continuing fallout of the mutant Decimation..."

It was a peace offering to Xavier. Everyone knew it. The 198 mutants who remained empowered were hardly a world-shaking affair, but no one objected.

They owed him that much.



* * *



A New World in my View

by P.H. Wise

A BtVS Crossover Fanfic

Chapter 02: Learning the Ropes

Disclaimer: The DC Universe and its associated characters is the property of DC comics. The Marvel Universe and its associated characters is the property of Marvel Entertainment LLC. Buffy the Vampire Slayer is Joss Whedon's baby.



* * *



Xander had never been a fan of exercise. PE? Hated it, just like every other kid in the class. Sports? Unless you count swimming, not so much. Exercise had been an unpleasant thing to be avoided at all costs if entertainment could be found elsewhere. That had changed a bit when he began helping Buffy, of course - especially during the summer between the last school year and this one. Giles had put his foot down and insisted that even if they were going to be 'fray-adjacent,' they needed to have a bare minimum level of physical fitness lest they prove to be an outright burden to their resident Slayer rather than a help. Neither he nor Willow had much liked that, but they'd done what he asked, eventually. ... She nor Willow. ... and there it was again. She couldn't even go five minutes in the privacy of her own thoughts without coming back to the singular fact which had come to dominate every aspect of her existence: Xander Harris had been transformed into a girl. It took her a few moments to recover her train of thought after that one went ripping through her mental station.

Exercise. He had never liked exercise, but he'd done it, once it had been made a precondition of his and Willow's continuing to help Buffy. But now, with little else to do, SHE found herself doing a surprising amount of exercising in the Fantastic Four's gym, and much to her surprise, it felt good. She'd mostly been doing cardio, and on machines designed for The Thing - she tended to break the other ones if she tried to use them, simply by weight alone. Today, she'd decided to try weights. There she was, Ben was spotting her on a bench press, and she in a t-shirt and a pair of shorts was bench pressing six hundred pounds with an ease that still made her giggle if she stopped to think about it. She managed thirty reps before her arms started to tingle pleasantly. At that she took a break for a minute, and then did another thirty. A break. Another thirty. It was surprisingly exhilerating. Especially with her ribs finally no longer sending horrific stabbing pain through her entire body every time she breathed.

Not that the new body didn't have downsides. The first time she'd done the treadmill, Johnny and Sue had both been in the room. Kryptonian physiology meant that her breasts, despite their size, were far firmer than they had any right to be, but they still bounced painfully when she ran, and ten minutes into her exercise, she noticed that Johnny had stopped his own exercises and was openly staring at her in the wall-mirror.

Sue had then taken her aside into the changing room and explained the finer points of sports bras, and showed her how to put one on. Xander hadn't gone back to exercising that day, and NEVER went in anymore if Johnny was present. ... but when she did go back, she went back wearing a sports bra underneath her t-shirt.

It kind of worried her, actually. Not the sports bra thing, though thinking about wearing one still embarrassed her to no end. ... as did thinking about not wearing one. Or just thinking about bras in relation to her new female body in general. Or thinking about her new female body at all, when she wasn't also being overcome by sheer, overwhelming, all out panic. Or... ok, the point was, she was embarrassed. But it worried her, too. How good it all felt. The exhileration she felt when she realized exactly how strong she was. She supposed that her attraction to her own body was a good sign. Or at least as good a sign as could be expected under the circumstances. But getting horny at the sight of your own reflection was so very much of the creepy. Not as creepifying as the actual sensation of feeling horny as a girl for what had been a teenaged boy not long ago, but generally creepifying.

That wasn't the only problem, though. The big problem? Besides the fact that she was a girl at all? ... She couldn't swim. As Xander, swimming had been the ONLY physical activity she'd actually halfway enjoyed. Now? She literally could not swim. She'd tried that as her initial form of exercise: she'd sunk right to the bottom. Her body wasn't buoyant. She didn't remember Power Girl or Superman ever having this kind of trouble in the comic books.

Stupid abnormally dense cellular structure.

So now, a month into her stay with the Fantastic Four, Xander Harris - Karen Starr - headed back to the exercise room, trying very hard not to mope over the idea of still being stuck here after a month. She'd been feeling a little under for the last week or so. Mostly just tired, but there'd also been this annoying headache that wouldn't go away. She figured it was probably stress. She stopped off in the changing room. Undressed. Pulled off the boxers she'd finally convinced Sue to pick up for her.

... She was bleeding.

She was bleeding down there.

Xander had attended sex ed. She knew what was going on. Knew she wasn't dying or anything. But despite knowing what it was, the intellectual knowledge of 'women have periods' and the direct experience of 'I'm having a period' are very different things. She took it about as well as might be expected.

She took an unintended decisive nap.



* * *



"Reed, I'm going to tell you something, and I need you to tell me whether or not I'm crazy, all right?"

Reed smiled faintly. "You're crazy," he said.

"Very funny," Sue replied. "I'm serious."

Reed nodded. "All right. Go ahead."

"I've spent a lot of time with Karen over the past month," Sue began. "And she knows things about Earth culture that I would never expect an alien to know. Things that she could only know if she had been born here."

"Or been programmed with the memories of a person who was born here," Reed said.

Sue nodded. "Or that. But there are the damndest gaps in her knowledge."

Reed raised an eyebrow. "Such as?"

"She didn't realize that she'd need to support her breasts when she exercises. She had no idea how to put on a bra, but she knew what it was and what it was for." Sue pressed her lips together a moment. "And while she knew about the basic concepts of feminine hygiene, she had no idea how to actually apply them or deal with them, at all. I had to talk a seventeen year old girl through the process of dealing with her period yesterday."

Reed felt mildly uncomfortable at that, but nodded, 'hmm'ing thoughtfully.

"There's no way a seventeen year old girl hasn't had her period yet, but she acted like she'd never..." Sue trailed off at Reed's look of discomfort. "Honestly, Reed? Not the time." At his contrite expression, she went on. "Her body language is almost exclusively masculine as well." She paused a moment. "If she was programmed with the knowledge and memories of an Earth native, I think that native must have been a teenaged boy."

"There are other possibilities," Reed said. "It could be that whatever world she calls home simply has different social roles for men and women. Much of what we see as set in stone about the sexes is the product of being raised in our society, and not an inherent quality of either sex. What we see as masculine behavior, they might well see as feminine. Or they may lack such categories altogether."

"I know that, I just..."

"Lacking additional information, your conclusion is the most likely," Reed acknowledged. A pause. "Is there anything I can do to help?"

Sue shook her head. "Just... be aware of it. Keep it in mind when you interact with her. I don't think she's comfortable in her skin."

Reed nodded. "Gender dysphoria," he murmured. "How very... human."

Sue smiled faintly. "How very," she replied.



* * *



One month and four days had now passed since her arrival. One month and four days stuck inside Four Freedoms' Plaza - on one particular floor, in fact - never seeing the outside world. Never seeing the sky. Never feeling the sun on her skin. Xander was beyond stir crazy, so when Sue asked if she'd accompany her on a shopping trip tonight, despite her utter disinterest in shopping, Xander all but leaped at the opportunity, if only to get out of the damn building for a while, and breathe air that wasn't conditioned and recycled.

That was before the doors to Four Freedoms Plaza actually opened in front of her, and she stepped out into the New York city summer evening.

The heat and the humidity hit her like a physical blow. Xander had taken a shower twenty minutes previous. She now felt like she needed another shower. Muggy. Hot. Awful. The air was utterly still, and its stillness only made it worse. Sue seemed not to notice. She just walked out and got into the waiting car like it was an everyday thing. And it was, Xander realized, an every day thing. For her. She became uncomfortably aware of a trickle of sweat running down her left breast. She grimaced, and then followed Sue to the car.

Johnny Storm's voice greeted her as she slid into the seat and shut the door. "Hey Sue. Hello, gorgeous."

"Johnny, be nice," Sue said.

Xander tried not to grind her teeth.

Johnny dropped them off thirty minutes later in a neighborhood that didn't look much like a commercial district. Xander frowned as the car drove off, and she looked to Sue questioningly. "Are you sure this is the right place?"

"I'm sure. Come on, it's this way." Sue began to walk along the abandoned sidewalk, and Xander followed, if reluctantly.

'This ... is vampire country,' Xander thought. 'This is dumb. Why is she taking me out here? Sue wouldn't lead me into a trap... would she?'

Sue turned suddenly and stepped into an alleyway and out of Xander's view. Goosebumps stood up on her arms. Something was very wrong. It was cold. A thick fog began to roll out of the alley. Sue was gone. Finely honed Sunnydale instincts told her to run. Run now. NOW.

Xander started to. Started to turn and sprint away. She didn't get more than three steps when a woman's scream of terror tore out from the alleyway, followed by a second and a third.

Xander froze in her tracks, her thoughts racing. A woman was in danger. She wasn't a hero. She was fray adjacent! She was the donut monkey! She was... running towards the alleyway and cursing herself for a fool.

A flare of intense light and heat from within the alley banished the fog, and instantly, Xander beheld a great demonic form seemingly made from fire and obsidian sending blast after blast of power over the cowering form of Sue Richards. Sue had managed to put up some sort of barrier around herself, but it was shrinking with every blast, and her screams echoed long and loud.

Hating herself for being a fool, Xander scooped up a nearby trash can lid and flung it at the creature with all her might: it sent up a shower of sparks when it impacted, and was instantly reduced to molten slag. The creature turned to peer at the one who had dared to challenge it, and it laughed.

"This is not your business, mortal. Come not between Dormammu and his prey, or he shall not slay thee in turn, but carry thee away to the houses of lamentation, beyond all darkness, where thy flesh shall be devoured, and thy shrivelled mind be left naked to the Lidless Eye."

Xander swallowed heavily, and it didn't occur to her then that those words seemed vaguely familiar. Gathering her courage, she picked up the trash can and held it over her head. She knew it wouldn't do much, but it felt good to hold a weapon, even if it wasn't a useful one. "Sue, get out of there! I'll hold it off!" She swallowed nervously once more, and when she finished her statement, it was in a much less confident voice: "... somehow."

A terrible wave of heat sent Xander scrambling back around the corner, and Sue screamed, "Don't be a fool, Karen! You can't do anything to something like this! Go! Run!"

Xander strode forward. "Like hell!" she yelled, and threw the trashcan. It fared no better than the lid.

"Very well, mortal. You have my attention. Remember, this was YOUR CHOICE."

The demon charged her. Xander was hardly an expert combatant - she'd learned the bare basics and that was it, but even she knew that you don't stand there and take a charge from a ten foot burning demon thing. Simultaneously, she spotted a fire hydrant out of the corner of her eye. She waited as long as she dared, and then leaped out of the way... not quite in time. Dormammu clipped her, sending her spiralling into the wall, which dented visibly with the impact. She struggled for breath, and then yelled, "... Sue, you're kind of undercutting my heroic last stand here by NOT RUNNING FOR YOUR LIFE!"

The fiery demon was rearing back for another blast, and Xander did the only thing she could think to do: she hit the fire hydrant as hard as she could. She HEARD the bones of her hand cracking. Felt agony racing up her arm. But her bones weren't the only thing that cracked: the hydrant had as well. Water pressure did the rest. The hydrant ruptured, sending a terrific gout of pressurized water into the surprised demon's face.

Steam filled the street. Heat built upon heat. The night grew muggier, and then intolerably muggier, the air a thick soup of steam and mist.

Coughing, Xander stumbled into the alleyway. She'd lost sight of Sue. Lost sight of the demon. There was a light source somewhere above her. "Sue!" she cried.

Dormammu came charging out of the steam like a freight train, his fires extinguished, but not his rage. "You will DIE for your insolence!" it roared, its punch sending her flying back to the far end of the alley, sliding across the last six feet of pavement. ... Sue lay on the ground at the end of the alley, coughing, struggling to breathe in the thick steam. A door stood open close at hand. Xander might be able to get through it before the demon got to her, but if she did, then Sue was...

Cursing herself once more, Xander did the right thing: she scooped up Sue and shoved her through the door, shut that door, and then turned to face the demon.

"You would risk your life for a woman who has done all she can to contain you? Denied you access to the outside world before this night? Lied to you? Plotted against you with her team mates?"

What would Buffy do? ... Xander knew just the thing. She glared at the demon. "Are you done talking yet? Because I have places to be." Despite the severity of the situation, and the agony of her shattered hand, she almost giggled.

"So be it," the demon replied. And then it smiled, and spoke in a much more kindly voice. "You pass the test, Karen Starr."

All at once, the illusion faded. The damage to the alleyway faded. The pain in Xander's hand faded. The steam faded. The molten brick and concrete of the walls of the alley faded. The image of the demon vanished, revealing a man in a blue suit with black hair with two white stripes at his temples. Had the entire situation been controlled by this man? ... Apparently so.

The door at the back of the alley opened, and Sue stepped out, smiling.

"... a test?" Xander asked.

"You passed," Sue said.

Xander stared at them both for a long moment. "... you have got to be kidding me," she muttered.

The light from above descended, then. A man made of fire, and laughing with Johnny's voice. "Nicely done, hot stuff," he called. "I told them you were better than they gave you credit for!"

The man of fire descended into the alleyway, but she scarcely noticed. There was... the strangest tingle in her body. The faintest feeling of... power, pulsing in time to the beat of her heart, scarcely noticable beneath the righteous anger that she felt. "You set me up, made me think Sue was in danger of being murdered by a demon, made me think I was going to have to sacrifice myself to save her... as a TEST?"

"We had to know," Sue said, shifting a bit guiltily.

"A crude instrument, perhaps, but necessary," the man in the blue suit said. "I am Stephen Strange. I welcome you to New York, Karen Starr. I have heard much about you."

Xander could feel it gathering in her limbs. Power building. Something was about to happen. Her anger built. She wasn't about to let her anger be defused without an apology. "You people are unbelievable!" she yelled. And then, instinctually seizing on the power she'd felt, she jumped straight up into the wild blue yonder, and took off into the night like a bat out of hell.

She was FLYING. Wherever this power had come from, it was letting her FLY! Instantly, her anger was forgotten. She laughed a delighted laugh, seeing the city whip by below her. It took seconds to leave the neighborhood completely behind. Less than a minute to cross the whole island of Manhattan and alight on top of the Brooklyn Bridge. There, she laughed like a madwoman, her whole body tingling with power. Kicking off the bridge, she soared up into the air, spun, dove down to buzz vehicles crossing the bridge below, zoomed out over the East River, and...

Dropped like a stone.

She barely had time to let out a surprised yelp before she hit the water, and sank like the stone she had fallen as.

She wasn't sure how much later it was when she came to, coughing and spluttering. Someone was carrying her. Someone female. She looked up into the black-masked face of a concerned looking woman with long blonde hair wearing... well, not a whole lot, actually. Skimpy black costume with a gold lightning bolt down the chest.

"... th.. thanks," Xander managed.

The woman deposited her onto a large pier on the Brooklyn side of the river. "You're lucky I was passing by, Miss," she said. "You're a mutant, right? You should know better than to fly over the East River of all places if you don't have full control of your powers."

Xander wasn't exactly sure what a mutant was, but she nodded all the same, too mortified to argue. "... I didn't expect..." she began.

"It doesn't matter what you expected, Miss. Do you know how many people drown in the East River every year?"

"I didn't realize I'd be landing in corpseapalooza," Xander muttered defensively.

"And you're too heavy to be much use at swimming, so it's doubly stupid. I don't want this to happen again, got it?"

Xander sighed, resigning herself to be lectured. "... I got it. It won't happen again."

The woman nodded. "Be careful out there. Some people don't react well to the sight of mutants outside of the Xavier grounds. I'd escort you back there myself, but I'm already late for a meeting. Can I trust you to go straight home?"

Xander nodded. "Straight home," she repeated.

The woman nodded once more, then lifted off into the air, and flew off towards the horizon.

Xander let out a long, slow breath, and then shuddered. She'd almost DIED. If that woman, whoever she was, hadn't...

Ugh.

The immediate crisis behind her, the events which had precipitated it rushed back into her thoughts, and she scowled, particularly when her very first thought was to return to the Baxter Building. "... Call me untrusting," she said to the still muggy, still uncomfortably warm night air, "But I don't think going back to the people who wanted to test whether or not I'd sacrifice my life for one of them is the best idea just now."

Shivering in the hot air, far more exhausted than she'd ever been in her life, dripping wet from head to toe, her shoes squishing with every step, Xander - Karen - turned and walked off into Brooklyn to find a place to wait out the night.



* * *



Morning came earlier than Karen would have liked. Xander. Whatever. It hardly mattered right now. She'd just spent the night in a homeless shelter, and after breaking the bed she'd tried to use, she'd wound up just sleeping on the floor. The 85 Lexington Avenue Women's Shelter. She'd found it after wandering the streets of Brooklyn for three hours, and the people there had been kind, had given her a place to shower and to sleep. Come morning, the girl who called herself Karen Starr almost felt human again.

But it was only for the night. Stretching, blinking owlishly, Karen Starr walked out into the morning light.

When the sunlight hit her skin, she let out a gasp of sudden pleasure. It felt AMAZING. Better than almost ANYTHING. Better than the Sock Puppet of Love, even. ... well, almost. "Great googily moogily!" she exclaimed, provoking dirty looks from some of the other women who were leaving the shelter with her.

So caught up was she in the pleasurable sensations provoked by direct sunlight upon her skin, in the feeling of power that it produced as her cells began the slow process of recharging their solar batteries that she failed to notice the other event brought on by her exposure to sunlight: motes of light gathering around her, coalescing into a ghostly shape behind her.

Karen walked forward, grinning almost drunkenly. "Wow," she all but giggled. "Just... wow."

And then the ghostly shape passed through her, gained definition, and resolved into the image of Power Girl; insubstantial as the mist, but undeniably present. She looked around suspiciously, glared at Karen, and then said, "Two questions for you, blondie: one, who the hell are you, and two, what the HELL do you think you're doing with my body?"

Karen stared. "... Er..." she began awkwardly. "It's... not what you think?"

End Chapter 02



* * *



Author's note: Yes, I know that he was quoting Tolkien. He knows it, too.





*Chapter 3*: With Great Power


			A New World in my View

by P.H. Wise

A Marvel Comics Crossover Fanfic

Chapter 3 - With Great Power...

Disclaimer: The DC Universe and its associated characters is the property of DC comics. The Marvel Universe and its associated characters is the property of Marvel Entertainment LLC. Buffy the Vampire Slayer is Joss Whedon's baby.



* * *



Karen stared incredulously at the image of Power Girl floating in the air before her, sunbeams illuminating her translucent body in strange ways. "P... Power Girl?"

Power Girl kept right on glaring. "My body," she said with exaggerated patience, "Stolen by you. Explanation. Waiting for. "

"I..." Karen began. "I didn't..." She struggled to recover her composure, completely failed, and kept on going, "I didn't do it on purpose!"

"Thanks," Power Girl replied. "That's helpful. A complete stranger is running around in my body, doing God knows what with it, but hey, at least she didn't do it on purpose! I'd thought that when we dealt with Ultra-Humanite, I'd be done with this sort of nonsense!"

The girl who still thought of herself as Xander Harris's eyes widened slightly at that. "Wait, that was real?"

Power Girl's eyes narrowed suspiciously. "What was real?"

"The comics. You and Ultra-Humanite. Terra getting her brain swapped. Ridiculous cheesy suitors from outer space?" Karen's voice dropped in volume, and she blushed as she said the next bit: "... Pregno-rays?"

Power Girl glared. "How do you...? Comics? How do you know about all of that? I never told ANYONE about that stupid ray."

It suddenly occurred to Karen that everyone on the street was pointedly not looking at her, and doing their level best to avoid her gaze. She flushed red. "... I'm the only one who can see you. Aren't I?" It wasn't a question. "Great. Stuck as a girl in some weird alternate dimension, and now having an argument with an invisible friend that only I can see. Isn't it funny how the earth never opens up and swallows you when you want it to?"

The sight of a young mother edging her five year old child away from the crazy girl as they made their way down the street was her only reply.

Ten minutes later saw Karen walking back across the Brooklyn Bridge, trying not to look down into the river that had nearly claimed her life the previous day. The sunlight still felt amazing, but somehow having a ghostly Power Girl that only she could see badgering her constantly took the shine off of things. "Look, I told you," Karen said, "I don't know how I wound up in your body! Hey, how do you know isn't my body transformed into one that matches yours? Huh?  yeah, ok, so that's not likely." She grimaced, ignoring the people who were staring at her as she crossed the bridge. "There was a bet, and I lost. I had to dress up as you for Halloween. One minute I'm in Sunnydale being a responsible student and doing my civic duty chaperoning a bunch of kids, the next I'm falling from the sky into this weird not-comic-book-land that's like if they took all the real comic book heroes, and then filed all the names off!" She paused a moment. "Like the Fantastic Four. They're like... like someone was totally impressed with the success of the Justice League of America, and just threw together a group of random knockoff superheroes to try to capitalize on the..."

Power Girl didn't seem amused. "Are you actually thinking about what you're babbling, or is that just a stream of random syllables coming out of your mouth that only happens to resemble speech?"

"Hey!" Karen said, faking a hurt tone to her voice, "I don't babble!  I run on. Every now and again I yammer."

"Then you're yammering a hell of a lot. Whatever. So I get that you're just some random girl who dressed as me for Halloween..." Power Girl trailed off. "Hey, why is dressing as me a punishment for losing a bet?" She looked nonplussed. Then she frowned. "... are you a guy?"

Karen blushed red.

"I don't believe this. I get that men want my body, but I didn't think they wanted it like THAT!"

Karen blushed a deeper shade of red.

"Though aren't there easier ways of turning yourself into a woman? Between magic, hormones, surgery, super science..."

 and Karen moved clear past embarrassment into full blown mortified.  until she noticed Power Girl's slight, almost imperceptible smile. "... You're messing with me."

Power Girl grinned. "I'm messing with you," she confirmed. "We really do need to figure this out, though." She considered Karen for a moment. "What's your name, anyways?"

"Karen Starr," Karen replied.

Power Girl raised an eyebrow, and waited.

"... Xander Harris," Karen said, all but sinking into the heels of her shoes as she walked. "Look, I just want to find a way to go home and go back to normal, OK?"

Power Girl nodded. "On that we agree. I'd say it was a pleasure to meet you, but under the circumstances..."

"Understandable," Karen said. She looked down at the pavement. "... So what now?"

Power Girl met Karen's gaze, her expression serious. "Tell me everything that's happened since you arrived here. Everything."

She did.



* * *



Karen's stomach was growling. She didn't have a penny to her name, and her stomach was growling. She knew it was even more hot and miserable today than it had been yesterday, but she didn't feel it. She felt... comfortable. Pleasant. The warmth of the sun on her skin drove away the feeling of hot mugginess and left her... well, it would be better if she weren't hungry, anyways. The smell of pizza was almost overwhelming. She gave a long, longing look towards the pizza place on the corner. Stupid enhanced sense of smell.  Stupid EVERYTHING, actually. "Your powers suck," she muttered.

"Not my fault you're not woman enough to handle them," Power Girl replied cheerfully.

"... Aren't I supposed to be super everything? How come I can't fly?"

"You can."

"Liar."

"No, seriously. You can. You just have to want to."

Karen frowned. "... Whatever. I'm hungry, I'm tired, and I'm broke. Yay me."

Power Girl rolled her eyes. "Don't be such a baby. Another couple of days exposure to sunlight, and you won't get tired anymore. A couple of months, and you won't need to eat or sleep, either, unless you want to."

"I won't last a couple of months if I'm dead of hunger before I get there," Karen snapped.

"It must be so difficult for you, not having eaten since dinner yesterday. Yep. Pretty much on the brink of starvation."

"Sure," Karen said. "Mock my pain."

"Excuse me, miss?"

Karen turned at the unfamiliar voice. A man in blue jeans and a t-shirt. Brown hair. Brown eyes. Tall. "Yeah?" she asked.

"... Who are you talking to?"

Karen glared. The man backed away. And then her stomach growled. Loudly. "... it's not really stealing if we're starving, is it?" Karen asked.

"I don't know," Power Girl replied. "Tell you what - you get towards starvation and we'll talk about it."

"... How am I supposed to.."

"Geeze, you whine a lot," Power Girl said, interrupting Karen.

Karen shut her mouth and kept walking. Five minutes later, she'd left the smell of pizza behind her. She was approaching a small square with a lovely little fountain full of pennies at the bottom of a long, broad stairway that led up to a savings and loans branch she didn't actually recognize. Other side of the street was shops. Shops, shop, shop. Yay shops. It was cruel, she decided, to walk past so many shops filled with useful stuff (and not-so-useful stuff) when she had no money and no way of getting it that didn't involve crime.

"... Maybe I should go back to the Fantastic Four," Karen muttered.

Power Girl shrugged. "Maybe you should."

Karen scowled. "... No. They set me up. Ambushed me as part of some weird test. Wanted me to be willing to die for one of them. That's not something a friend does to a friend."

"You're the one who brought it up," Power Girl pointed out.

Karen opened her mouth to reply, but whatever she might have said was lost: at that moment, there was a tremendous crash, and people came running out of a nearby bank.

Karen jumped, looked towards the bank, looked around, and kept walking.

Power Girl's eyes narrowed. "What do you think you're doing?"

Karen blinked. "... huh?"

"It's a bank robbery! Happening right in front of you!"

"...yeah? So?"

"So you've got my powers! You're not up to full strength, I admit, but there's a crime happening right in front of you, and you've got the ability to do something about it, and you're walking away?"

Karen rubbed the back of her neck. "Er... isn't that something for the police?"

Another crash, followed by more screams, and then the distinct sound of a bank vault door being ripped off its hinges.

"Xander..." Power Girl said warningly.

"You want me to go stop a bank robbery?" Karen asked, still not quite believing the other girl.

"GET IN THERE AND STOP IT!"

"All right, all right! I'm going!"

Somewhat belatedly, Karen rushed through the doors of the bank.  only to take a thrown bank vault door to the face. She went flying back down the steps and onto the street. Someone screamed. And then she got back up. "Ok, THAT was uncalled for," she said. And then she picked up the vault door and threw it back the way it came as hard as she could. It went flying through the remains of the entrance to the bank and there were several loud crashes as it smashed through who knows how many internal walls.

"XANDER! You can't just throw a bank vault door! You might have KILLED someone!"

Karen's eyes widened. "... you said I needed to do something!"

"NOT THAT!"

There was a sound like tearing metal, and then half of the vault door was shoved back out of the bank entrance, followed immediately by a tall man in a green and black striped shirt, carrying an enormous backpack bulging with cash.

"Get him?" Karen asked.

"Get him!" Power Girl confirmed.

That was all she needed.

The Sandman had known SOMEONE was out here - bank vault doors don't just throw themselves - but the tall blonde girl in wrinkled jeans and an equally wrinkled t-shirt wasn't what he was expecting to charge him. He barely had time to react.

Karen hit him hard. So hard he lost his grip on the backpack he'd only had half-on. The strap tore, and the backpack went tumbling off even as he slammed into the stairs leading up to the bank, leaving a crater.

No cape. No mask. Just some girl. "... So," he said, rising back to his feet, eyes narrowed. "Mutie girl thinks she's a hero?"

"People keep calling me that," Karen muttered. Then she raised her voice. "You. Bank robbing. Me, here to stop. Got it?"

Sandman laughed. "All right, girl. Let's see what you've got."

Battle was joined. Empowered by what sunlight she had managed to absorb in the last hour and a half, Karen was an unsubtle fighter. Not that she'd ever been particularly subtle - or even skilled - back when she'd been Xander. She knew the bare basics, and it showed. She went all out, charging him and attacking him again and again. Driving him back towards the bank. Smashing the stairs completely to rubble in the process. People were running and screaming, but there wasn't any sign of police sirens yet.

And then Sandman stopped playing around: his fist visibly hardened into massive spiked pile-driving things, and he started to hit back. His first blow send Karen flying into the building across the street and through the wall of a clothing shop, sending brick and mortar spraying in all directions, with people screaming and continuing to run.

Karen had landed headfirst in the lingerie section of the shop, and had to swipe several bras off of her head to clear her vision. Then she got up and flew back at him, zoomed under his fists, and hit him as hard as she could.

His flesh was sand. It gave. Her fist came out the other side. And THEN his body solidified.

Karen's eyes widened as she tugged on her arm, trying to wrench it free. "Er..."

Sandman grinned.

"Can we talk about this?"

"Sure." A pile-driver fist hit her in the face, and it HURT. Another one smashed into the top of her head, forcing her downwards. Then another cratered the sidewalk she was standing on. Another. Another. Another. Her world momentarily dissolved in a haze of pain. Then the ground gave way beneath her, and she fell into the subway track.

"Ow."

No train coming. That was good. Grimacing, Karen rose to her feet. "Damnit..." she muttered, and flew back up out of the hole. Sandman wasn't looking in her direction, so when she ripped a street light out of the ground and started using it like a mallet in an enormous, psychotic game of whack-a-mole, he was taken completely by surprise. First blow squashed him flat. He reacted to the second: He dispersed, reforming next to her... and took a street light to the side of the head, dispersed, reformed, dispersed, reformed, dispersed, reformed behind her, struck her in the back, and off she went, plowing through two vehicles before coming to rest on the hood of a third.

"OK," Karen muttered. "The 'charge in and fight' plan isn't working very well. Got another one?"

"... it usually works for me," Power Girl replied, feeling a little embarrassed. "Charge, fight, smash, laugh in the face of danger."

"Yeah, I'm more of a 'laugh in the face of danger, and then run away' person, myself."

Sandman frowned. "... Are you talking to yourself?"

Karen opened her mouth to answer, and got a blast of sand to the mouth for her trouble, which knocked her back and sent her into a coughing fit. "That's cheating!" she managed, spitting out sand as best she could.

"You picked this fight, mutie. You don't get to complain about my methods."

Karen charged again, this time delivering a spectacularly unskilled kick to Sandman's midsection.  Or trying to. He caught her leg in mid-kick, grabbed onto her foot with his other hand, and began to smash her repeatedly into the ground head first a dozen times, leaving a dozen craters in the street. "Ow, OW, OW, damnit!" she hissed. "This isn't..." She ducked under another punch. "Working!" Yet another blow sent her plowing into the side of another vehicle.

Her clothes were getting torn pretty spectacularly, and Karen didn't like that one bit. So she picked up the armored car that had been parked out in front of the bank and threw it at the Sandman.

It missed. By six meters. And crashed into the fountain, the doors were ripped off of their hinges, and money tumbled out into the water.

"... Ooops," she said.

"You know," Sandman said, "You're really bad at this. Amateur hour is over, kid. Why don't you go home and tell your mom all about it?"

Karen glared.

"... you have got to be kidding me," a woman said from somewhere above. Karen looked up, and spotted what was quite possibly the most gorgeous woman he had ever seen looking down from the roof of a building: long white hair, green eyes, a stunningly gorgeous face and figure, and clad in an incredibly revealing skin tight and bosom-baring black leather catsuit.

Karen's mouth went dry. Her eyes widened.

"Pay attention, kid. Uncle Marko's gonna teach you a thing or two about fighting." Accompanying the words came a fist to the face. Or would have.

At that moment, Karen whirled around to face the Sandman, and her system flush with hormones from being more than a little turned on by the sight of the woman in black. She felt heat. And then it was blazing out from her eyes in a blast of incandescent radiance.

Sandman's attack didn't stop. Her heat vision struck him full in the arm; the arm was instantly fused to glass. The glass shattered into a million pieces as he uppercutted her with the force of a semi.

Karen went flying.

"Oh hell..." the woman in black had time to say before Karen collided with her, bowling her over and nearly crushing her - would have crushed her, if not for the reinforcements built into her suit.

"Um... hi," Karen managed, staring at the beautiful woman she'd landed on.

"... get off..." the woman in black groaned.

Karen's thoughts went wild. "... Here? Now?"

"... get off of me..."

"... Oh." Karen rose to her feet, blushing like hell, stumbled a bit, reached out to steady herself on the roof with her left hand, and accidentally punched a hole in the roof of the building. "Oops." Then, her balance regained, she reached out to help the woman in black back to her feet.

The woman in black took one look at the hand, another at the hole in the roof, and stood up on her own. "Your villain's getting away," she said.

Karen blinked, and rushed to the edge of the roof just in time to spot the Sandman dash into an alleyway. She tensed her legs to jump after him... and then the sound of sirens filled the air. Startled, she lost her balance and fell off the building, crushing yet another car.

The woman in black looked down and shook her head as Karen climbed out from the wreckage of the car and tried to get glass out of her hair. "Wow..." she called. "You're... pretty bad at this. You sure you really want to be doing this?"

Karen glared up at the woman. "No! But... what else could I do?"

The woman shrugged. "If you say so. Hey, good luck, kid!  You're gonna need it. I'd totally give you a comforting hug, but you'd probably just get off on it, and you'd probably break my ribs." She winked, and then she was gone.

The police pulled up a moment later, and even as Karen turned to face their vehicles, a dozen officers leveled their weapons at her. "Put your hands in the air!" one shouted.

It was then that Karen realized that her fight had turned a functioning block of the city into... rubble. Mangled metal. Shredded cars. Buildings missing walls. The steps leading up to the bank completely pulverized. Sand everywhere. Glass everywhere. Armored car in the destroyed fountain. Water still fountaining from the shattered fire hydrant she'd been punched through.

"Um..." she began. "... oops?"

The police were strangely unimpressed.



* * *



"Do you know how much trouble you're in, miss?" The police officer was large, well muscled, and bald as an egg, and even though she knew that she could break him into pieces with one hand tied behind her back, Karen was kind of intimidated.

"Look, I didn't do it on purpose..."

"Yeah, yeah. You're lucky we didn't sick the Sentinels on your ass. It's in your best interest to cooperate. Sandman is a known criminal. An accomplice of his - even a really incompetent accomplice, is going to be in for a rough time."

"I'm not his accomplice," she snapped.

The cop gave her a flat look. "Not his accomplice?" he echoed. "You weren't helping him to destroy an entire city block to send a message to the city?"

"NO!"

"It wasn't your intent to cause MILLIONS of dollars in property damage?"

"NO!"

"You were trying to stop him? Make sure nobody got hurt?"

"YES!"

"Then you didn't try hard enough!" the policeman roared. "You caused more property damage than he did!"

"... not on purpose," Karen replied, and even she knew it was a weak excuse.

She was in a police interrogation room. The bald officer was pacing back and forth like a caged animal. Power Girl's ghostly image had vanished when the police had shown up, and Karen hadn't seen her since.

"Twelve people are in the hospital! You're lucky nobody's dead!"

Karen shrank into her seat. "... I'm sorry," she whispered.

That only seemed to make the cop angrier.

It went on like that for almost an hour. Hashing and rehashing her story, the cop not believing her, questioning her on the tiniest little details, occasionally muttering about how she was an 'irresponsible mutie freak,' and generally being less than pleasant company. It became clear fairly quickly that the cop wasn't getting what he wanted from the interview, and that only made him more hostile.

Finally, a knock came at the door, and the bald officer went to answer it. Then, scowling, he turned back to her. "You've got friends in high places. Someone's here to see you." He left the room.

A moment later, Ben Grimm strode into the room in all his rocky glory.

Karen's cheeks flushed with fresh shame at the sight of him.

"Hey kid," he said. He didn't bother trying to sit down.

"... Hey," she replied.

"Heard you gave Sue and Johnny the slip, tore up a bank."

"I didn't do it on..."

"Purpose, yeah, I know."

Karen sighed. "... I'm in trouble, aren't I?"

"... Reed says ya need training. I think he's right."

Karen nodded. "... Not likely to get it if they nail me to the wall."

"Well, about that. See, when I came here, I didn't actually come alone. Reed and Sue pulled in some favors. We've kind of got this deal worked out for you with the cops if yer willing to take it. Up to you. We pay for the damage you caused. You get probation and go to this school for training people like you. In return, they don't prosecute you for mass destruction of property. Sound good?"

Karen swallowed heavily. "... why would you do that for me after..."

"What, after that test? Yeah, that was pretty stupid of em. There are better ways of finding out what sort of person you are than that." Ben shrugged. "Ain't important. What matters is the offer's open, if you're willing to take it."

Karen thought about it for a long moment, and then sighed. "... I don't think I have a choice."

"You always have a choice, kid," Ben said.

She didn't have anything to say to that.

"Right," Ben said. "Then get out there into the hall and meet your new teacher."

With reluctance, Karen rose to her feet. The door opened. She stepped out. The bald cop looked like he'd eaten a lemon, and the sight made her want to smile - she might have, too, if the situation hadn't been what it was. Three blonde girls in the hall, next to...

Her eyes fell upon her new teacher.

"Karen Starr, meet Emma Frost."

Karen stared, and when she spoke, she could only say, "...Shpadoinkle!"

Some things never changed.

End Chapter 03





*Chapter 4*: The Xavier Institute


			There were any number of things Karen had expected from the 'Headmistress of the Xavier Academy for Gifted Youngsters.' Emma Frost wasn't one of them. Here she'd been expecting some kind of severe, sexless, Nordic Minerva Mcgonagall. ... Two out of four wasn't bad, right? She stared at the woman, eyes wide, like a deer staring into the headlights of an oncoming car. Emma's lips curled into the faintest of amused half-smiles. "So you're my newest student, then? Very well." She looked to the bald police officer. "I trust everything is in order, Sergeant?"

The sergeant didn't meet her gaze. He was too busy staring at her chest. In his defense, she was wearing an amazingly skimpy white costume which involved not very much fabric at all, and poorly concealed beneath a stylish white cloak. After a moment, he tore his gaze away. "Just go," he muttered.

"Very good," Emma said. "Girls? We're leaving." Without another word, she spun smoothly on her heel and made for the exit, head held high, acting for all the world as if she owned the place. Maybe she did: nobody tried to contest the claim made by her body language. The triplets followed, and after a moment's hesitation, Karen did as well.

A car was waiting in front of the police station. Surprisingly unremarkable, in light of the woman who had arrived in it. Emma Frost and the triplets went to the vehicle. Karen lingered behind.

"You OK, kid?" It was Ben Grimm's voice. He'd followed them out, and now stood at the entrance to the police station a few feet away.

Karen turned to look him in the eye, opened her mouth to say... something. She wasn't sure what. It died on her lips.

"Yeah," he said. "Figured it was something like that. Look, I ain't so good at that mushy stuff, but if you ever need to talk to anyone, give me a call, ok?"

Karen struggled for a moment, trying to find the words she wanted. Struggling to give voice to the enormity of her situation. To her anger and frustration and fear at being stuck in another world, and another body. Struggling to find the words to voice her gratitude towards Ben. Her regret for how badly she'd messed up. Her lingering anger at his team mates. She wanted to say, 'I need to tell you a few things...' She wanted to say, 'thank you for everything. She wanted to say, 'You've been a friend when others haven't.' But what she said was, "... See you around, Ben."

"Yeah," he said.

She got into the car, shut the door, and sank into the leather seat as Emma Frost took her away to the next stage of her new life.



* * *



A New World in my View

by P.H. Wise

A Power Girl crossover fanfic

Chapter 4: The Xavier Academy

Disclaimer: The DC Universe and its associated characters is the property of DC comics. The Marvel Universe and its associated characters is the property of Marvel Entertainment LLC. Buffy the Vampire Slayer is Joss Whedon's baby.



* * *



The car came to a halt in front of a shop on Madison Avenue. Karen felt a moment of confusion. Why were they stopping? She looked up at the sign: Chanel. It meant nothing to her. The mood in the vehicle had been... subdued. Somber, even. There hadn't been any occasion to speak, and neither Emma nor the triplets had said a word. But now... "Um, excuse me, Miss Frost? Why are we..."

Emma met Karen's gaze. "You have nothing to wear but the clothing you have on, correct?" At Karen's nod, she went on, "Celeste, Irma, and Phoebe are going to assist you in acquiring a new wardrobe."

If the triplets had seemed passive before, they were indignant now. "What?" the first asked. "Why do we have to," the third said, "Babysit the new girl?" the second finished.

Emma gave them a level look, and they relented. "... Fine," they said in unison. Then three sets of eyes turned to Karen. "Let's get this over with."

Karen grimaced. Shopping. This was going to be ugly.

Twenty minutes later...

"Absolutely not," the triplets said in unison. "We don't know how you managed to find the one store on Madison Avenue that sells tacky Hawaiian shirts, but the answer is no. "

Karen frowned. "Hey! I like Hawaiian shirts!"

"They're a travesty. An offense against nature. We draw the line here."

Karen grumbled under her breath, but relented, putting them back on the rack. A few minutes later, she was in yet another store, looking through the available boxers.

"No boxers," one of the triplets said. Irma, Karen thought, but she couldn't be sure.

Karen raised an eyebrow. "What? What's wrong with boxers?"

The triplets exchanged long-suffering looks. And then they told her. Karen's expression went quickly from irritated to thoroughly embarrassed. "... Oh," she said. "... explains why I've been getting major wedgies every day for the last month..."

The Three-in-One stared incredulously at Karen for a long moment. "... Mother is punishing us," one said. The other two nodded in agreement.

Karen glared.

Finally, after two hours, ten arguments, and six fervent wishes that the ground would open up and swallow them to relieve them of this torture, Karen and the triplets walked out to the street to meet Emma's car once again, each carrying several shopping bags full of clothing. It had been like pulling teeth, and several times they had attempted to resort to mind control only to be stopped by Emma Frost's observing presence, but it was done.

The car pulled away from the curb, and began the long journey through traffic out of the city to Westchester County. They arrived just before nightfall. Before them lay the Xavier Academy for Gifted Youngsters. ... or what was left of it.

Karen's first impression of the place was cemented by the security checkpoint in front of the school... manned by a giant, ominous robot. It was visible long before the school was, and Karen couldn't help but stare. It scanned the car in turn, and then, after a brief conversation with the driver, stepped aside, allowing the car to continue. A second security checkpoint waited just inside of the main gates, this one manned by soldiers. Karen stared out the window, her eyes wide as the car made its way down the long driveway to the mansion which housed her new school. It was damaged, and repairs were under way. Extensive construction efforts were being made. New buildings going up. Scaffolding was up all over the place. But that wasn't what drew Karen's attention: what drew her attention was the military encampment on the outer edge of the grounds, the giant robots patrolling the grounds, and the refugee tents set up all over the grounds.

It seemed less like a school and more like an ethnic ghetto. Every joke she'd been ready to make upon arrival died on her lips.

The car stopped. The doors opened. Emma Frost and the Stepford Cuckoos rose gracefully from their seats, stepped out of the car, and made their way to the doors of the main building, and Karen followed close behind, feeling small and lost.



* * *



Noriko Ashida - Nori to her friends - looked up as the doors to the mansion swung open. Hmm. Miss Frost was back. The Cuckoos, too. And... someone new. New faces. A pang of sorrow ran through her at the thought. New faces.

 So many old faces gone...

She shook her head, as if the motion would shake loose the sadness she felt. Figures that whatever new student Emma brought in would be another blonde. Tall, too. Gorgeous. And stacked. And way more muscular than she had any right to be with a bust that size. ... and looked like she could be Miss Frost's niece. A little less aristocratic, a little more... she wasn't sure what. Nori frowned thoughtfully, and exchanged glances with Laura. They'd been heading down the main staircase together when the door opened. "Hey Mindee," she called. "Who's the new girl?"

Emma kept walking. The new girl stopped. The girl identified as Mindee turned. "You know that's not my name," she said.

"... Sorry. Irma."

Irma nodded. "Nori, meet Karen. Karen, this is Nori."

Phoebe gestured to the other girl, "And that's Laura. Don't try to wake her up in the morning."

Nori managed not to grimace at that, and Laura blushed.

"Er, I know I'm gonna regret asking..."

"Shut up, Phoebe," Nori said simultaneously with Phoebe saying, "She stabs people."

"... Right," Karen said. "Nori, Laura, I, uh, it's nice to meet you."

"You too," Nori said, not really feeling it. When Emma beckoned the new girl to follow her upstairs, Nori felt more relieved than anything else. Too much was happening, too quickly. A month and a half ago, more than 90% of the world's mutant population had spontaneously become human, herself not among them. Sentinel Squad O*N*E stationed there 'for their protection.' The school grounds filling up with every mutant refugee from here to the moon. They called themselves the 198. Someone decided that was how many mutants were left in the world.  It wasn't true, though. There were plenty more than that. Just... not enough.

Forty two dead students.

 the memorial was today. Was it selfish that after forty two former students had died, Nori was just glad that Prodigy was being allowed to stay? Forty two of her friends were dead, but her depowered boyfriend was being allowed to stay. Did she have any right to be happy over that?

She'd been on her way to see him, actually, when the door had opened to admit Miss Frost and the others. She shrugged apologetically at Laura, and then headed down the stairs and further into the mansion, where she knew he was waiting.

For Nori Ashida, a new student barely rated as a blip on the radar.



* * *



Karen followed Emma Frost into her office with a sense of growing trepidation, more and more unsure that coming here hadn't been a huge mistake. The door shut. Emma walked to her desk and sat down and looked at Karen for a long moment. "... All right, Mister Harris. What am I going to do with you?"

Karen felt a stab of panic shoot through her. "...Erk!" Emma's slightly amused smile did little to comfort her. 'Oh God, she knows!' she thought in a panic.

"You do not shield your thoughts well, Mr. Harris," Emma said. "Why don't we just pretend that the first thing you did when you walked into my office was to confess the entirity of your absurd situation, and take it from there?"

Karen tried very hard not to stare at Emma Frost. Emotions raced beneath the surface of her skin. She felt humiliated. Ashamed.  A little bit turned on. More than a little, actually. Damnit. She'd thought that linoleum-induced horniness would have gone away when she turned into a girl. 'Oh God. What am I gonna do? Gorgeous mind-reading woman? I still think about sex every other second!  Pi. Pi R squared. Naked girls. Naked women. Naked Miss Frost...!' She began to panic as the frantic imagery flitting through her head only grew worse.

Emma raised an eyebrow. "Do stop thinking those sorts of things about me before I turn your brain off," she said.

Karen giggled nervously. "Er... yes. Stopping. Right away. Right now." 'Damnit!' "You know that if you turned my brain off, I'd probably tip forwards and fall through the floor, right?"

"We have some very good carpenters and flooring specialists on retainer," Emma replied dryly. "But down to business, Mr. Harris. Though you are not a mutant, Charles Xavier made a promise to have you trained at his institute. Considering your lack of control over your powers and their destructive potential, I am inclined to agree that training is needed. But that does not mean I will allow you to endanger my students. They have been through a great deal of trauma this past month, and I will not have you add to it, am I understood?"

 Emma was kind of scary. "Yes, ma'am," Karen managed, sounding (and feeling) suitably cowed.

"Good. None of us has the luxury of being a child anymore. You least of all."

Karen didn't glare, but she did feel a flash of anger. "I'm not a child," she said.

"Are you an adult?"

Karen didn't answer. Couldn't answer. She felt a sensation like pins and needles crawling through her brain as she stood before the gaze of the telepathic headmistress of the Xavier Academy.

"Of course you aren't," Emma answered for her. "You've never really had to take responsibility for anything in your life. You've never needed to. It's perfectly understandable: under normal circumstances, seventeen year old boys are not expected to be particularly responsible." Calm. Collected. Hard as ice. Karen shivered under Emma's gaze. "But these are not ordinary circumstances. Not anymore. You are not a boy any longer, and neither are you human. You have been given a body with a potential for power that astounds even me. The Fantastic Four saw that. They kept you away from the thing which empowers you for over a month while they attempted to discover your quality. And then they put you to the test, and you passed, only to run away in a childish rage once you realized what they'd done."

"Hey, that's not fair!" Karen was about to go on, but Emma interrupted her.

"No, it's not," Emma agreed.

"What kind of friend puts someone to the..." Karen trailed off, "No, it's not?" she echoed, confused. "You're agreeing with me?"

"It isn't fair," Emma said, "But life rarely is. Do you think life has ever been fair to mutants? ... or to..." She met Karen's gaze. "The Slayer?"

"Stay out of my head," Karen tried to growl. It came out as more of a whimper.

"Do you think for a moment that Buffy Summers asked to be made into a freak and an outcast just so that the rest of you could have the chance to live the sort of life that would allow you to never need to know about her, or the sacrifices she made?"

"Buffy has nothing to do..."

Emma cut her off again. "And then there was your disastrous attempt at foiling a bank robbery," she began, "During which you and the Sandman, between the two of you, destroyed an entire city block."

"I didn't mean to," Karen insisted.

"No, you didn't. And that should illustrate my point. You caused more destruction than the bank robber, and you didn't mean to."

Karen fell silent. There was nothing she could reply to that.

"... but what if you had meant to?" Emma asked. "What if all the potential of your body had been given to someone worse? Someone like The Master? What might he have done with your new body?"

"... once he got it up to full power, there'd be no stopping him," Karen conceded.

"Hence the need of the test, however imperfectly executed.

Karen was silent for a long moment. "... It's not like I came up with the idea of trying to stop a bank robbery on my own," she said.

"You refer to the original consciousness of the body you now inhabit," Emma said.

Karen's eyes widened. "... original consciousness?" she asked, not really sure she wanted to think about the implications of that particular statement.

"I did tell you," Power Girl said, her ghostly form emerging from Karen's body. "And for what it's worth, Xander, I'm sorry about the bank robbery situation. ... I never should have pushed you to intervene. I..." she shrugged uncomfortably, "I have this annoying habit of acting before I think."

Emma looked amused. "Then it appears you have something in common. Power Girl, I presume?"

Power Girl looked up in surprise. "You can see me?"

"I'm a telepath," Emma replied, as if that explained everything. After a moment's thought, Karen realized that it kind of did.

"I'm reasonably certain that I know what Mr. Harris wants." Emma went on, "But what do you want?"

Power Girl frowned. Her track record with telepaths wasn't exactly a good one, and even in her ghostly form, she wasn't altogether sure that Emma couldn't just rip the thoughts out of her, or make her respond however she wanted without her ever knowing the difference. Still, she answered as honestly as she could: "I want my body back, and I want to go home."

"What price would you pay to see it done?"

Power Girl eyed Emma Frost distrustfully. "... I'm not about to hurt innocent people, if that's what you mean," she said at last.

"And you include Xander Harris under the category of 'innocent people?'" Emma asked.

"Yes," Power Girl replied without hesitation.

"Good," said Emma.

Karen suddenly remembered to breathe. "... had me worried," she muttered.

"Very well, Mr. Harris. Power Girl. You may stay. Whether you tell the other students the truth of your situation or not I leave to your mutual discretion. You will attend classes here, you will undergo the same training as everyone else, and you will obey our rules, and in return, we will train Mr. Harris in the use of your powers. If you can not do these things, tell me now."

Even after all that, Karen WANTED to tell Emma Frost to go to hell, and she KNEW that Emma Frost knew it. ... But instead, Karen sighed. "... I don't have a problem with any of that," she lied.

Emma smiled a humorless smile. "Good."



* * *



The memorial service happened that evening, after sunset. The dark seemed appropriate. Forty two dead students. Dead because one man believed that he was special. Believed that God had chosen him. The mood was as somber as Karen had ever experienced, and for once she didn't feel any urge to try to lift it whatever. She stood in silence as the faculty and students told stories of the people they'd lost. But it wasn't just about grief. Regret was the common denominator. If she hadn't already had such a vivid reminder of her own fallibility already today, Karen would have been... unkind to these people. These people who, in their friends' hour of need, when those friends had lost the very thing they had always been told made them special, had abandoned them, sent them away. Later, as she was moving her newly acquired wardrobe into her new room - a room she was going to be sharing with some girl named 'Surge' - she gave voice to her thoughts.

"I'm supposed to learn from these people?" she asked incredulously, not really expecting an answer.

"Yeah," Power Girl replied, stepping out of Karen's shadow. "You are. ... in more ways than one."

"Oh," Karen replied. And then she understood. "Oh!"

"Yeah," Power Girl said. She paused. She had something to say, but she needed a moment to decide whether or not to say it. Then, at last, she said, "... Kal told me something, once," she began.

Karen felt a jolt of excitement at that. "Kal as in Kal-L?" she asked. "As in... Superman? Your Superman?"

Power Girl nodded, and Karen felt her sympathy for the other girl rise. "I don't know how much of his history you learned from those... comics you say are written about us," she began.

"About Superman? Just the basics. His real name is Clark Kent. He grew up in Smallville, Kansas. His parents are Jonathan and Martha Kent..."

Power Girl looked annoyed. "OK, so you know enough to completely destroy the life of any particular version of Superman," she said.

"Er... I guess I never thought of it like that."

Power Girl sighed. "It's not your fault. ... But getting back to the subject, I had a full blown Kryptonian education when I arrived on Earth, and I landed as an adult. But Kal? He showed up as a toddler, and he didn't know anything."

Karen nodded. "Until all those years spent beneath the yellow sun woke up his powers." And then Karen felt like an idiot. "... yellow sun...?" She giggled. "I'm dumb. I can't believe I..."

Power Girl gave Karen a sidelong look. "Can't believe what?"

"I spent all that time trying to figure out why I didn't have your powers, and..." Karen shook her head. "Nevermind. Go on."

"So yeah, he didn't grow up as Kal-L. He grew up as, well, as Clark Kent. He didn't even know he wasn't human until he started to manifest his powers!"

As Power Girl - Kara - continued to talk, Karen, as carefully as she could, reached out to open the closet door. ... The handle broke off in her hand. Sighing, she stuck a finger through and cleaned out the remains of the mechanism that allowed it to stay shut, let it swing open, and then began to put her various shirts (and the occasional blouse, picked out by the Cuckoos) up onto clothes hangers.

"What I'm trying to say is, he wasn't this saviour from outer space. He was a kid from Kansas. ... I stepped out of my ship Kara Zor-L, but he..."

Karen paused her activity to look at Kara. "I get it," she said. "... It wasn't being an alien that made Superman the hero he was. ... it was being human. Right?"

Kara nodded. "That's part of it. ... he was who he was because he grew up a human. It wasn't Jor-L who made him into the man he was - it was John and Mary Kent. And once, when I was feeling lost, like I didn't know who I was, and people wanted me to be... him, and ..." Her voice was thick with emotion now, and Karen found herself wishing that she could put a comforting arm around the intangible girl. "He said that I was the one who would decide what I would become. Not him, not the reporters, not all the people who wanted me to be something I couldn't... me." Kara met Karen's gaze, then. "While you're here, you might feel like you're pulled in a dozen different directions, but remember: you're the one who decides what you become."

Karen smiled. "... Thanks, Kara," she said, and she meant it.

"There's something else, too. Something more."

Karen waited.

"... He said I was the most human person he knew."

Karen smiled, and for a few moments, neither of them said a word. And then Karen looked down. "... I'm not Superman, Kara."

"Neither am I," Kara Zor-L replied.

"And we already established that I'm bad at this 'being a hero' thing..."

"We've established that you're untrained," Kara corrected. "And Kal wouldn't expect us to be Superman. But we can sure as hell be the best damn Xander Harris and Kara Zor-L that we can, right? He believed in me, so how can I do any different?"

Karen couldn't find the words. Everything she could have said came up lacking. "I..." She cut off when the door suddenly opened, and the blue-haired Asian girl Karen had met earlier came walking into the room. She looked tired. Tired and sad.

"Thought I heard voices..." Nori murmured. "There's not anyone else in here, is there?"

Karen shook her head. "... Just me. I talk to myself, sometimes. It's kind of a bad habit."

"Right," Nori said. "You're Karen, right? I'm guessing by the whole 'you being in my room' thing that you're my new room mate."

"Yeah," Karen managed, struggling to push away the weight of the conversation she'd just had. "You're Nori, right?"

"Noriko, actually, but don't let that stop you." She paused a moment. "... I guess I should make with the greeting, you being a new student and all. ... I doubt we'll get many more, after everything that's happened."

Karen nodded. "I'm sorry for your loss," she said.

Noriko shrugged uncomfortably. "Thanks," she said. She glanced over at the new bed on the opposite side of the room from hers and raised an eyebrow. Thing looked like it was built to house the Juggernaut. "Gotta say, the bed's kind of an eyesore," she commented.

"What?" Karen asked, then followed Noriko's gaze. "Oh. Yeah. That's the bed. Probably seems like a bit much, but... Karen Starr, five hundred and twenty pound girl, at your service." She made a bow with an overly elaborate flourish.

"... Increased physical density, huh? That's cool." She glanced towards the windows, which were covered by new, very heavy curtains. The big dark, heavy curtains that let in no light whatever. "...The hell?"

"Ah..." Karen said, "Er... I'm trying to avoid too much exposure to sunlight?"

Noriko shook her head, "Right. Forget I asked." She grabbed some clothes to sleep in out of her dresser, headed over to the bathroom, and shut the door. The distinct sounds of the brushing of teeth and changing of clothes filtered through to Karen's increasingly sensitive ears. After a few minutes, Nori came back out, this time clad in a pair of shorts and a tank top... and her metal gauntlets. "So, you don't like sunlight, you weigh half a metric ton, and you talk to yourself. Anything else I should know?"

Karen briefly debated correcting Noriko, telling her about how sunlight fueled her powers, how she was having a hard time controlling them. She didn't, but she thought about it. "Sounds like everything to me," she said.

Nori flopped down onto her bed, and Karen started putting away her things again. Five minutes passed in silence, and for a little while, Karen wondered if Nori had fallen asleep. Then Nori asked, "You got a code name yet?"

"Code name?" Karen asked.

"Yeah," Nori said. "I'm Surge, for example." She held up her gauntleted hands as evidence, "I absorb electricity."

'She's trying not to cry,' Karen realized suddenly. "... You're not really interested in this conversation, are you?"

Nori looked down. "... sorry. I just..."

"Hey," Karen said, "I understand. I've lost people, too." She was thinking of Jesse. ... Jesse, who had once been just as close as Willow... and just like that, Karen felt a deep, desperate loneliness and homesickness rising up within her chest. Were Buffy and Willow still alive?  Was Giles? God, she wished... she wished... "... Everyone's lost people," she said.

Nori nodded, scrubbing stubbornly at her eyes.

"If you need anything...?"

"I... thanks, Karen."

Karen nodded. "Any time."

Afterwards, once all her things were put away, Karen took a long shower, spending a good ten minutes letting the warmth of the water soak into her skin. ... It still felt wrong. Her hair was getting longer now. No longer boy-short. Water cascaded down her breasts, and it worried her how good it felt. She wondered if... and then she brought her hands up to experimentally cup her own breasts, and it felt better than she'd imagined it would. She might have gone further if she hadn't known that her room mate was in the room outside the bathroom.  or if Kara hadn't poked her intangible head inside the shower, glowered at her disapprovingly, and asked, "You're not doing anything perverted with my body in there, are you?"

She sighed, finished her shower, and got ready for bed. Tomorrow, her classes began at the Xavier Academy. Tomorrow, she would meet the rest of her classmates in a context that wasn't the funeral of more than forty of their friends. Tomorrow she would begin to learn how to control her powers.

Karen was asleep the moment her head hit the pillow.

End Chapter 4





*Chapter 5*: The Calm Before


			New Earth

Antarctica

Thirty Five Days Ago

Power Girl - Kara Zor-L - stood facing her duplicate. Her clone. The two of them faced off in the antarctic wilderness, snow whirling around them, neither paying it the slightest bit of attention, every bit of their awareness locked on the other. Except for the jet black hair and the black sports bra with black PVC pants and combat boots combo, the other girl was identical to Kara in every way.

"Hey," Power Girl said.

"Hey," the clone replied.

"Are you a clone?"

"Not exactly."

Kara's eyes narrowed. "I can see that. The jet black hair is a bit off the mark."

The clone smirked. "Yeah. I think my boss wanted to put his own spin on it. But I'm you in every way that counts."

And she was. God, the expression on her face, even the way her hair fell? Identical. Kara raised an eyebrow. "Yeah?"

The clone didn't. "Yeah." And then Kara shot up into the air to avoid the absurdly powerful blast of heat vision that the clone had just sent out. And battle began between the two daughters of Krypton, and the earth did tremble beneath their feet. They fought across the antarctic wilderness, their battle taking them halfway across the continent and back, and then to the laboratory beneath the ice where the clone had been born.

Kara grimaced as the black-haired clone flew her head first and backwards through tank after tank of failed clones before driving the back of her head six inches into the concrete wall at the far end of the complex. It took her a moment to recover her bearings, but the clone allowed her that moment. She stood up. "You're not bad at all. You got a name?"

The clone grinned. "Divine."

"Pleased to," Kara kicked off from the wall, rocketing towards Divine at break-neck speed, fist first. "MEET YOU!" she impacted, driving the other girl into the opposite wall and reducing it to rubble.

Things might have gone different. A plan was already under way to extract Divine from the situation. Her boss was watching. Ready to intervene. About to intervene. If it weren't for the actions of one man in a parallel world far removed from this one. A man who called upon the primal powers of Chaos, Transition, and Change to do his bidding.

He called it Janus, but it was so much more. A thing beyond time and space and the barriers which mortals called 'the walls between realities.' Ancient and timeless, terrible in wrath, a bit petulant, and often extremely annoying - particularly to the Man of Steel.

The ceiling split down the middle as an angry red tear in the fabric of space and time ripped into being directly above the brawling pair. Reddish lightning crackled from the tear, bolts striking first Kara and then Divine and joining them to the mystical circuit. The world went white, and when it faded, both the girls and the rip were gone.

A moment later, the door leading deeper into the complex opened with a hiss, and a very ordinary looking man with short brown hair stepped into the room, frowning deeply. "Well," Max Lord said. "This could be a problem."



* * *



A New World in my View

by P.H. Wise

A Buffy Crossover Fanfic

Chapter 05: The Calm Before

Disclaimer: The DC Universe and its associated characters is the property of DC comics. The Marvel Universe and its associated characters is the property of Marvel Entertainment LLC. Buffy the Vampire Slayer is Joss Whedon's baby.



* * *



The whole world seemed ablaze. Fire raged across the wreckage, the crackling of the flames mingling with the screams of the injured and the grieving. Every now and again, a limb could be glimpsed, half-crushed beneath the remains of the bus.

"This can't be happening..." Noriko kept repeating, shaking her head in denial of the carnage, "This can't be..."

She spotted a body, and the bottom dropped out of her as she recognized it. "Oh, no..." she lifted a chunk of metal off of it and cast it aside. "Andrea..." The girl in the pink dress lay still amidst the burning wreckage. Still and dead and awful.

"HELP!" Noriko screamed. "SOMEONE HELP ME!"

The world faded to white.

Noriko sat up in bed and shuddered. The nightmare was still there. Every time she slept. Sometimes it matched the event. Sometimes it was her, or David lying dead under the rubble. Everything was... everything was wrong. Nothing was the way it was supposed to be. Professor Xavier's dream was dead. Sentinels stood guard at the Xavier Institute now. 'For their protection.'

It had taken a few days for things to really sink in. That this was how their lives were going to be now. A little over a month since everything had gone so horribly wrong.

Noriko rose to her feet, then, headed into the bathroom, stripped off the sweat-soaked clothes she'd slept in, turned on the shower, and stepped inside.

Ten minutes later, feeling a whole lot more human (or mutant, depending on who you asked), Nori came back out clad in her bathrobe. It was dark. The thick, heavy curtains allowed not even the tiniest glimpse of sunlight. She glanced towards the bed on which her new room mate was still sleeping, looked to the curtains, and then muttered, "F#!$ it. I want to feel the sun on my face."

She walked to the curtains and drew them open, filling the room with the light of the morning sun. She stood there at the window, then, looking out onto the grounds of the Xavier Institute. Watching the repairs. Watching the new construction. Watching the graveyard with its fourteen brand new headstones: fourteen formerly mutant children whose parents had refused to take them back even in death.

She didn't feel sad, looking at it. She didn't feel anything. Not about the deaths. Not about the fate of mutantkind. Not about the Sentinel she could see from her window. She felt... numb.

A moan from behind her broke her out of her apathetic trance. Then a second. And then something did pierce the armor of her apathy: surprise. The expression on Karen's sleeping face had become one of contentment. ...and that didn't sound to Nori like an 'I'm sleepy and you're letting sunlight shine on my face' type moan. That was more of a... no way.

Nori turned to stare at Karen. A thought occurred to her, then. She reached out and closed the curtains. Instantly, Karen stopped shifting, her moans ceased, and she settled back into a relaxed sleep.

And now a second emotion joined the first: incredulity. "No f#!$ing way," she muttered.



* * *



When Karen woke up that morning, she woke to an empty room. Noriko was gone, which suited her just fine. She briefly considered just going back to sleep, but no, today was her first day at the Xavier Institute, and even if classes hadn't resumed from the Summer break yet... and probably wouldn't resume for a while to come considering everything that was going on, actually... well, she was still going to be training with instructors to master her powers, and...

Karen woke up for the second time an hour later. Her clock read 9:00 AM. She staggered out of bed and made her way to the bathroom.

"I know, I know, but what else am I supposed to do?" It wasn't a voice Karen recognized, and when she looked around, she couldn't find its source. She frowned briefly, and then dismissed it from her mind.

Looked like the shower had been used. Probably before she'd woken up for the first time. She looked in the mirror and grimaced. She had one of the worst cases of bed-head she'd seen in a long time. Time to shower. Clothes came off. Water turned on. She stepped in.

"You should start shaving, by the way," Kara said.

Karen nearly jumped through the ceiling. Literally - her head's impact she left a significant dent in it. "GAAAH! YEEEEGH... Don't DO that!"

Kara laughed. "Sorry, but you really do need to start shaving. That's MY body you're in, and you're not maintaining it properly."

"I don't know if you've noticed, but I'm not actually growing any facial hair, so why would I need to..." Karen grimaced, and looked down at her legs. "Oh," she said. A pause. "... Can we not talk about this right now?"

"When would you prefer to talk about it?"

"Oh, I don't know. How about never?"

"Come on, Xander. It'll be easy."

"Liar."

"I'm not going to stop bugging you until you agree."

Karen tried very hard not to grind her teeth.

Fifteen minutes later, Karen walked into the cafeteria, clad all in thick clothing with heavy gloves to minimize her contact with sunlight. Very little of the cafeteria wasn't exposed to direct sunlight, but she'd agreed to the training regimen Emma had proposed, and she wasn't about to back out just because avoiding direct sunlight was inconvenient. She picked up her food and sat down. Her hearing had been wonky all morning. It had started with just that one voice, but there had been more on the way down to breakfast, and now, with twenty or so students eating in the cafeteria that had been designed for over a hundred, she was trying NOT to hear every single conversation in the room in perfect clarity. Of course, the other students weren't the only thing she was trying to ignore.

"Come on, Xander," Kara said as Karen sat down. "What's the big deal? All I'm asking is for you to shave my legs for me. It's not like I'm asking you to shave my..."

"OOOKAY," Karen interrupted, "That's... more than I needed to hear. I..."

Those blonde triplets were staring at her from the next table over. Karen waved nervously. "Don't mind me," she said. Just being crazy. Talking. To myself. Not to anyone else."

"That's funny," one of them said, and Karen had no idea which one. "We thought you were talking to the other consciousness in your head."

Karen's eyes bugged out. "Is EVERYONE at this school a telepath?" she asked weakly.

"Not everyone," the triplets replied in unison, picking up their trays and moving to join Karen at her table. "You remember our names, right?"

"Uh..."

"Irma," said Phoebe, "Celeste," said Irma, "And Phoebe," said Celeste. Then, with identical expressions of amused mischievousness, they said in unison, "You'll have to guess which is which."

Karen sighed. "Right. Nice to meet you, again. I'm..."

"Xander, we know," they said, even as she finished with, "...Karen, when we're in public,"

A brief, uncomfortable pause. "All right, Karen," Celeste said. "Will you introduce us to your other consciousness?"

"Girls, this is..."

"Kara," Kara said, interrupting Karen's intended word choice.

"Right," Karen said, recovering smoothly. "Kara, these are Celeste, Irma, and Phoebe."

Karen's ears pricked, then. Her room mate was in a conversation across the room, but to her ears, they might as well have been speaking right next to her.

"Wait, Nori, are you seriously telling me that her mutant power is that she has an orgasm whenever she's exposed to sunlight?"

Wait, what?

"I'm just telling you what it looked like," Noriko replied.

'OK,' Karen decided. 'This day officially can't get worse.'

"Don't say that," Phoebe said.

"Pretty sure I didn't," Karen replied a bit bitterly.

"... Wow." That was the girl with the mercury skin.

"I know, right?" There wasn't much inflection in Noriko's voice. The emotion that should have been there was muted, somehow.

"You know what I mean," Phoebe said. Irma and Celeste nodded in agreement. "You should never hand the universe a line like that," they finished in unison.

"That must be..."

"Pretty embarrassing, but not dangerous. Why do you think they brought... Seriously, Cessily?"

"I'm not the universe's buttmonkey," Karen said. The Cuckoos cracked a smile at that.

"What? Don't tell me you're not jealous, too! Girl's got the Best Power Ever!"

Noriko sighed audibly. Then another girl spoke up. "What are we talking about?"

"The mutant power to orgasm whenever you're exposed to sunlight, apparently."

"I thought that was called Ecstacy?"

"... OK," Karen conceded, blushing so deeply red that she seemed almost purple, "Maybe I'm the universe's buttmonkey."

The cuckoos laughed in unison. "Don't feel bad, Karen. At least you're not one of the New Warriors."

"Who?"

The Cuckoos exchanged glances. "Nevermind," said Celeste.



* * *



"Well? What do you think?"

Scott Summers, known to the world as the mutant 'Cyclops,' considered the tape - minus sound - of Karen Starr eating lunch in the cafeteria. He'd only just finished experiencing the memory of her accidentally destroying her closet door about a minute previous. He looked thoughtful. "Interesting," he murmured, then looked Emma in the eye. "A blatant invasion of privacy, but interesting."

Emma rolled her eyes. "Karen Starr may have the luxury of privacy when she is no longer unintentionally a threat to the other students," she replied.

Scott considered that, then nodded reluctantly. "She doesn't have trouble with ordinary tasks unless she's consciously thinking about them?"

"That would be my assessment," Emma said. "And it gives me a few ideas for how to train her."

"Danger room?" Scott asked.

"Danger room," Emma confirmed.



* * *



Danger Room

Xavier Mansion

Karen stood in what looked like a traditional dojo. It was generic. Every little detail stood out in its unremarkableness: the way each mirror panel was the same generic mirror panel, each mat the same generic mat, each board in the wooden floor exposed past the mats the same generic board. The overall effect was a place that was clearly a dojo, but not a dojo that any human being might have built.

A tall man with brown hair and blue eyes shimmered into being in front of her, clad in a clean white gi but otherwise unremarkable. Generic.

"OK, I admit your holodeck is really cool, but how is learning kung fu going to help me?"

Emma's voice filtered through the speakers from the control room, "All right, Xander. I want you to punch the hologram in front of you. Strike him hard as you can."

Karen looked uncertain and uncomfortable. "... Er, couldn't we start with breaking boards?"

"It's a hologram, Xander. It's not real. Now hit him."

Karen shrugged uncomfortably, stepped forward, and hit the man in the face.

Her fist went through his skull like it wasn't even there. The skull split open like an over-ripe melon, and a spray of bone and brain and blood went flying out what used to be the back of his skull. The body collapsed like a puppet whose strings had been cut. Very little of its skull was still connected to its body. The vast majority now lay sprayed out onto the floor.

Karen stared, utterly horrified, her hand trembling and coated with gore. "... what... what the hell was that?"

"That," Emma replied in a quiet voice, "Is what you can do to a human body if you aren't careful. A crude demonstration, perhaps, but necessary." The blood vanished. The corpse vanished. An identical man in a white gi appeared in front of Karen. "I've reset the scenario. This time I've want you to strike him in the face without killing him. Should you apply enough force to kill an unaugmented human being, your target will vanish, and then the scenario will reset. Training begins in 5, 4, 3, 2, 1..."

Karen struck the man, and he immediately vanished. She sighed.

Some days, she really hated her life.



* * *



Day passed into day, and week into week, and Karen's control of her powers began to improve. Exercise followed exercise. First the 'punch, but don't kill.' Then moving into fights against enemies the X-Men had faced in the past, which must be defeated without killing them: a test of Karen's ability to control her strength in the heat of battle.

Now she was learning how to meditate. With a big blue furry. Karen still wanted to giggle every time the thought occurred to her, but she'd managed to not actually act that desire after actually spending more than five minutes in Beast's presence.

"Clear your mind, Miss Starr," he told her.

Karen tried. That was the problem. 'Learn meditation,' they said. So she dug in her heels, grit her teeth, and tried to meditate. ...which all but guaranteed that she'd never actually meditate.

"Relax your body. Feel your face relaxing. Feel your shoulders. Let the tension drain from them. Feel your arms. Your elbows. Wrists. Fingers. Relax..."

She became uncomfortably aware of the cushion beneath her. Of the lotus posture she had put herself into. Her whole body tingled with energy, and she felt an uncomfortable heat behind her closed eyelids, but she remained. She struggled. And finally, she began to relax.

"Don't think. Listen. Feel your breath as you breathe in, breathe out."

Her breath felt like a hurricane in her lungs. She felt like the big bad wolf: she could huff and puff and blow the whole damn house down. Or freeze it solid. Or...

"Silence your mind. If thoughts recur, simply allow them to pass without comment, and return to silence. Breathe in. Breathe out..."

His voice was almost hypnotic now, and at last Karen settled into a state of relaxation. ...which lasted for all of a minute before her foot began to cramp. "OW, OW OW!" she yelped, and tried to stand up. Not used to the lotus posture, she tripped over her tangled legs and fell flat on her face.

Beast helped her up, and he was smiling. "You did better than I on my first attempt to meditate after the manifestation of my secondary mutation," he said.

She nodded. "Thanks. I guess, I guess I've never really been the meditating type."

"And what do you suppose is the meditating type, Miss Starr?"

She didn't have an answer for that. "I... I don't know," she said honestly.

Beast smiled, exposing his sharpened lower canines. "The beginning of wisdom is the admission of one's own ignorance," he said. He gestured towards the door. "Come, it's time to meet with Ms. Frost. I believe she intends for you to begin training with the other students soon."

As Karen followed Beast out of the room, Kara made her presence known once more. "Not bad," she said. "Better than me, anyways. I suck at meditating."

Karen didn't reply.

"Oh, come on. Not going to talk to me just because someone else is in the room?"

"Yeah, silly me," Karen said under her breath, "Being tired of talking to you in public and making everyone around me think I'm crazy."

Beast's ears pricked, and he looked her way, an eyebrow raised. "Talking to who?"

Kara laughed.

Karen sulked.

Beast, hovering somewhere between bemused and puzzled, continued on his way to Emma Frost's office.



* * *



New York

Earth 616

Today

Divine woke up at the bottom of a swimming pool. For a moment, she thought that she'd blacked out during the fight, but a swift look around showed her that Power Girl was nowhere in sight. And neither was the lab. She kicked off the bottom of the pool, trying to go airborne. All she managed was to break the surface. She sucked in a great, heaving breath before she sank back down to the bottom. She felt... drained. The sunlight filtering through the pool was recharging her, but she had NEVER felt this drained before. Admittedly, she'd not really felt much of anything before, but still. It took a few more frantic leaps to grab another gulp of air before she had absorbed enough sunlight to fly out of the pool, and when she did, she went straight up into the afternoon sun, water streaming off her body.

It felt good to be alive. Good to...

New York. She was in New York. Max had... shown her this place, but... it looked different. More run down. Grimier, somehow. Granted, New York had never been the pride and joy of the United States the way Metropolis had, but still...

It looked off.

No matter. She landed on the roof of a skyscraper which bore the words, 'Daily Bugle.' There, basking in the light of the yellow sun, Divine stretched out her hands, as if embracing the sky.

Her first priority had to be to reestablish contact with Max.

He would know what to do.

End Chapter 05





*Chapter 6*: Crusade, Part I


			"Look around you," he said, his voice filled with the perfect confidence of one who knows he does God's will. The crowd filled the auditorium, many bearing signs proclaiming their opposition to the devil's children. 'No mutants,' one proclaimed, 'Their extinction is the will of God!' read another. "And know that this is but a handful of God's children, those who have heard the call, and will do his will upon the Earth!"

The crowd roared. The preacher in his black suit had never felt so powerful. His deep, sonorous voice rolled out across the crowd, and united in zeal, they cried out in agreement, "Praise Jesus! Hallelujah!"

"The Lord watched as the seeds of Satan gained strength and claimed our world," the preacher said. "He patiently waited for his children to rise up and fight the forces of evil... but we did nothing. And Eden fell."

"Have mercy, oh Lord!" a woman cried out.

A man nearby followed a moment later with, "Lord God, forgive us our inaction!"

"Now God has given us one last chance to make right what we've allowed to go so very wrong. Now you must decide what you will do. Do you stand with God and with those children of God you see around you to end Satan's reign, or do you turn your back on the Lord once again? For there can be do doubt that the Day of Judgment is at hand!"

Power. It filled the room. Filled the preacher. The holy spirit power was in him now, and in the crowd. They cried out for their salvation, and he would give it to them. If God was on their side, who could stand against them? Mutants? How laughable.

He smiled as only one whose conscience is utterly clean can smile. God had spoken, and William Stryker would be the instrument of his vengeance.



* * *



A New World in my View

by P.H. Wise

A New X-Men Crossover Fanfic

Chapter 06: Crusade, Part I

Disclaimer: The DC Universe and its associated characters is the property of DC comics. The Marvel Universe and its associated characters is the property of Marvel Entertainment LLC. Buffy the Vampire Slayer is Joss Whedon's baby. Some dialogue from this chapter comes from 'New X-Men' #23 and #25. Marvel owns that, too.



* * *



"Um, hi. I'm Karen." It was funny how easily that lie came to her now. She didn't even hesitate anymore. Emma Frost had called her in to introduce her to the new squad of X-Men that she was going to be training with in the immediate future, and it was awkward. Most of the girls in the squad were the ones who had been gossiping about her in the cafeteria a few weeks back. ...and that had been when people started singing, 'Sunshine on her shoulders gives her happies,' to the tune of the John Denver song. The boys she had seen around, but had never actually been introduced to.

"What's your code name?" Noriko asked.

"What's your power?" one of the boys asked almost at the same time.

Several of the girls turned red with embarrassment.

"I..." Karen looked to Kara, who stood at her side albeit invisible to the rest of the team, then to Emma.

"Power Girl," Kara said, as if it were obvious.

"Ms. Starr has the ability to absorb solar radiation and to use it to supercharge her physical capabilities," Emma said. "The potential applications of this power are quite extensive, but for practical purposes, she is extremely strong, tough, and fast, can fly, possesses a healing factor, and can release concentrated blasts of heat." Her gaze flickered to Kara for a split second before moving back to the new X-Men. "She will be operating with the code name, 'Power Girl.'"

The same girls who had blushed stared wide-eyed.

"... Oh," said Noriko.

Emma didn't quite smirk. "I suppose you expecting something else, Ms. Ashida?"

Noriko blushed deeply. "... No, Ms. Frost."

"Good. Now why don't you introduce yourselves?"

"I'm Josh," said a boy with golden skin. "Code name: Elixir."

"Laura," said an intense looking girl with long, dark hair. The others waited for her to give her code name. She didn't give one.

"She's X-23," Josh said.

Laura didn't deny it.

"Name's Santo," said the boy made of rock. "But my code name is Rockslide."

"Julian," said another boy. "Call me Hellion, though, or I'll kick your ass." That last he delivered with a grin and a wink.

"Cessily," said the girl with mercury skin. "Code name: Mercury."

The girl in the full length hijab spoke last. "My name is Sooraya," she said, not projecting her voice. "If it pleases you, you may call me Dust."

"Um," Karen began awkwardly. What does one say in a situation like this? "Nice to meet you all?"

Some rolled their eyes. Some smiled. Emma's expression changed not at all. It was the strangest thing, though. There, in that room, just for a moment, Karen felt... accepted.

She smiled.

"You have an hour," Emma said, "And then I expect you all to meet me in the Danger Room. Karen, stay a moment."

The others filed out, some looking back at her, some not.

Karen looked to Emma.

"I've been discussing your training with Kara," Emma said. Karen's blinked in surprise, but Emma didn't stop. "While we each agree that your control has vastly improved, we do have some concerns. Some of the children you will be training with are no more durable than an ordinary human. Can I trust you not to cause them harm?"

The weight of Emma's statement took a few seconds to sink in, and then Karen felt like she'd been kicked in the chest. She met Emma's gaze. "... I won't hurt them," she said.

Emma held her gaze for a long moment, and when Karen didnt' look away, Emma nodded. "I believe you." A faint glimmer of a smile. "Which brings me to the other matter Kara and I have been discussing..."

She produced a small remote control and pressed a button. A closet door slid open, revealing a mannequin with Karen's proportions dressed in a skin tight white and blue jumpsuit. "It occurred to me that if you are to be training with the team, you are in need of a uniform. I had this altered for you: its previous owner no longer needs it."

Karen ruthlessly quashed her initial reaction: one of injured masculinity and not wanting to be seen in something like that. Emma was making a gesture, and once she got past that initial knee-jerk response, she smiled a genuine smile. "Thank you, Miss Frost," she said, and meant it.

"Go. I'll see you in the Danger Room in one hour, Power Girl."

Karen took the uniform and left, and Kara followed on her heels.



* * *



William Stryker knelt in prayer. He was alone, with naught but him and the altar and the presence of the Lord. "I thank thee, oh God, for the gifts thou hast given me," he said, speaking as if to an audience - and so he was; the man had never learned to pray but that it were a performance; his was a style of prayer that played at speaking to an audience of One, but the one he performed for was himself. "For thy help and thy comfort, I give thee thanks. For the purifiers who do thy will, I give thee thanks. Praise be to God."

He had received a new vision: in order to secure the bounties of paradise for his people, another needed to die. God had told him so, and William Stryker was not one to question the will of God. Not when it was spoken so clearly. The question of murder never entered into it, not now, and not when he had ordered his purifiers to bomb the bus carrying those children away from the Xavier estate: he possessed the indwelling of the Holy Spirit. The laws of man could never stand before the laws of God; God would judge, and when that time came, William knew that he would be found as one washed in the blood of the lamb.

"Oh Lord God, thee alone we acknowledge as God and King, thee we invoke as our helper. From thee we have obtained our victories, thorugh thee, conquered our enemies. Thee we thank for past favors, from thee we hope for future favors. Lord God, I beseech thee, and pray that thou long preserve to us, unharmed and victorious, our God-loving sons. Amen."

He rose to his feet.

Laurie Collins, child of the devil, must die if the Lord's children are to flourish. She looked like any other pretty girl, but Stryker wasn't fooled. He knew that his conflict was not against flesh and blood, but against the powers and principalities of the air.

Laurie Collins would be dead by sundown. God's will be done.



* * *



The training session wasn't going well.

"This is a simple exercise," Emma had said. "All you have to do is knock Colossus down."

Easier said than done. Particularly when Colossus was a 7'5" tall, well, colossus, made entirely out of some form of bizarre, flexible, organic steel, and who weighed about as much as Karen did. Add on top of that a stupid level of competence in hand to hand combat, and you've got a problem for even an entire team of trainees.

"Clumsy," Colossus said, evading Rockslide's attack and slamming him into the floor hard enough to knock him senseless. Elixir rushed up behind him and struck him on the back of the head with part of a steel girder. Colossus barely noticed. "There are eight of you," he said, picking up Elixir and casting him aside. "Work as one."

Surge made her attack next, and all it amounted to was Mercury and X-23 each getting a blast of her own lightning to the face as Colossus redirected her hands in mid discharge. He released Nori and stepped back.

"You're running out of team mates," Colossus said.

"WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO DO?"

"You are the team's leader, Surge. This is your burden. If you don't find a way to win, your friends will die."

Karen charged. Colossus saw her coming, but wasn't quite able to evade her blow. He took it to the chest, but while he didn't have time to evade, he did have time to set himself. His feet lost traction on the floor, but he did not fall: he slid across the floor and impacted the far wall.

Thinking she had an opening, Karen zoomed in after him, aiming to grab him by the leg and throw him while he was recovering from the impact.

...but apparently, he hadn't needed to recover. He was ready for her, and when she flew down to deliver her coup de grace, he seized her by the shoulders and pulled her down sharply even as he brought his knee up to meet her her abdomen directly on top of her thoracic diaphragm.

It HURT, and it blasted the air out of her lungs. Down she went, struggling to breathe.

A minute later, it was over.

"This exercise is over," Emma said. "And you are all dead."

Joy.

And then Elixir pulled his stunt, hit Colossus with a steel girder after he'd shifted back to human form, and got kicked off the team.

Karen sighed, picking absently at her uniform. Not long after, she began the long walk from the danger room back upstairs. She passed Celeste on the way, and though she smiled and said hello, the girl seemed to stiffen at the sight of her, and left without saying a word.

She frowned, not entirely sure what that had been about. After a few moments worry that she might have done something to offend Celeste, she dismissed it from her mind, deciding, 'I may be a girl now, but I still don't understand women.'



* * *



Dawn broke the following morning, filling the sky with light and glory, but in the room shared by Surge and the newly dubbed Power Girl, no sign of it could be seen. Their alarms went off at the same time. 7:30 AM. This time, Karen didn't keep sleeping. This time, she clambered out of bed and staggered into the bathroom.

"Xander," Kara called, "Don't forget to..."

Karen grimaced. "Yeah, yeah, I know."

"Know what?" Nori asked, only just stirring in her bed, rubbing her eyes sleepily.

Karen ignored her. After the gossiping Nori had done, she wasn't prepared to forgive her just yet. Especially with some people STILL singing 'that song.' She'd asked for and had been given shaving supplies, and today, in the bath, she was going to give it a shot. ...she was trying not to think about it too much.

She stepped in and settled down, lathered up her right leg, set the razor against her skin, and started to pull it upwards. There was a sound like tearing metal. A moment later, bits of razor-blade tumbled into the bathwater.

Karen stared. "... Uh... Kara?"

Kara sighed. "I was kind of hoping you hadn't powered up enough for that to be a problem."

"Well, obviously, it's a problem!"

There came a knock on the door, followed by Nori's voice. "Karen? You OK in there?"

"I'M FINE!" she yelled back. "EVERYTHING'S FINE!"

"OK," Kara said, "There's another way to do it, but you're not going to like it."

"I'm not going to like it more than I'm not going to like shaving your legs in the first place? Because I gotta say, my dislike of that activity is already making want to start with the destructo-boy here!"

"Girl," Kara replied.

"Whatever. Still waiting."

"Right. So it's like this: you have to use your heat vision."

"WHAT?"

"Karen?"

"What?"

There was a pause, and then Noriko asked, "... is there someone in there with you?"

"NO!"

Another pause. "I'm getting a teacher."

Karen grimaced. "Damnit. Fine! You want me to use my heat vision, I'll use my heat vision!" And with that, she let loose with a huge blast of heat over her entire lower body, and while its area of effect did include her legs, it also included a more... sensitive area.

Karen's ensuing scream of pain nearly shook the building.



* * *



"Are you sure you don't want to go to the infirmary?" Noriko asked. They were walking down the hallway behind a mortified looking Kitty Pryde, who had come running at the sound of screams only to discover... the situation was what it was.

Karen walked stiffly. Very stiffly. Very, very stiffly. Some areas had been hit harder than others. ...and she was walking with first degree burns. "I'm. Fine." she said through gritted teeth. As it turned out, she was more than capable of hurting herself with her own powers if she wasn't careful.

"That has to be beyond painful. Come on, Karen. They'll probably have an ointment or something..."

Kitty was trying not to cringe at the thought.

Karen glared. "... Stop. Talking. Please."

The physical damage, thankfully, was only temporary. Five minutes exposing herself to sunlight and the pain began to recede. Another minute and it was gone, and the only damage remaining was the damage to her pride.

Unfortunate shaving incidents aside, today was something special for the students at the Xavier Institute for Higher Learning. Today was field trip day.

Before the arrival of the Sentinels and the establishment of the mutant refugee camp on the premises, they'd been allowed to come and go as they pleased. Since then, well, Karen didn't know all the details, but she'd heard that the O*N*E people wanted to have them all tagged before any of them would be let out. Supposedly, the refugees actually had the tags implanted, but the X-Men were not willing to allow the same for their students. Each group would have an adult chaperone. No one would be allowed to go off on their own. The chaperone would be carrying a comm-link which the O*N*E people could track the location of, and would allow them to call for help if they needed it.

Karen's group consisted of herself, a blonde girl she hadn't met yet named Laurie Collins, Josh - the guy who'd gotten himself kicked off the training squad, Sooraya, Noriko, and a black kid Karen hadn't met named David Alleyne. They'd pulled Piotr Rasputin - Colossus - as their chaperone.

By the time they'd been allowed onto the bus, Karen was feeling more uncomfortable than not. Perhaps being swathed from head to toe in form-concealing clothing that left nothing exposed to sunlight had something to do with it - Emma hadn't been particularly happy when she'd learned that Karen had intentionally let herself be exposed to sunlight earlier that day, even if it was to heal painful blisters, and was taking no chances on the field trip. A thin, rust-coloured turtleneck sweater over a long sleeved shirt. Faded blue jeans. Boots. A toboggan hat that covered her ears. Emma had even made her wear long underwear under it all, though no observer would be able to tell. For the first time since she'd first been exposed to sunlight in this new world, Karen felt uncomfortably warm.

So here she was, sitting in the back of a school bus across from the other girl prone to wearing ultra-concealing clothing - Sooraya, in her abaya, with a niqab covering her face. Completely different styles of dress. Comparable amounts of skin left showing.

"Hey," Karen said, sounding miserable.

"... Hey," Sooraya replied a bit uncertainly.

The bus began to move, and Karen looked down as her ever more sensitive hearing picked up shouting from across the compound.

"This is bullshit!" A man with an eye-patch yelled. "You tag us like fucking DOGS if we want to see the outside, and those damned brats at the Xavier school get to saunter on out on a field trip without a problem?"

"We won't stand for this!" shouted a mutant who resembled nothing so much as a skeleton shrouded in flames.

Karen looked up just in time to meet the gaze of an angry mutant who resembled nothing so much as a humanoid elephant, flipping the bird to the entire bus. "FUCK YOU, X-BRATS!" he shouted, and this time Karen was not the only one who heard: most of those on the bus turned to look. He was not alone. A dozen mutants had gathered, and were now being held back by a line of soldiers in battle armor carrying rifles.

The bus rumbled on.



* * *



"So," Karen said. She and Sooraya were following the rest of the group through the local shopping mall. Neither was particularly comfortable with the situation, albeit for different reasons. People were staring. They knew that these were students from Xavier's. A few made uncomplimentary comments under their breath.

Karen heard them all.

"So," Sooraya said.

"You come here much?"

Sooraya shook her head.

An uncomfortable silence ensued.

"So," Karen tried again, "Wearing a burqa, what's the what?"

Sooraya gave Karen an irritated look. "It is not a burqa. It is an abaya. I wear it with the niqab as a sign of my submission to Allah."

"... Ah," Karen said.

A second uncomfortable silence ensued.

Karen gave up soon after, leaving Sooraya to bring up the tail of the group by herself. She had no idea how to relate to the other girl, and she'd never been religious herself. Not when she was Xander, certainly not now. Which wasn't to say she was necessarily an atheist, just that... well, religion wasn't a part of her life at all. Never had been. Even when he started helping Buffy, they'd used crosses and holy water, sure, but those were tools and weapons, not, well... She shook her head.

The black kid spoke up, then. "You're Karen, right? I don't think we've met."

Karen looked his way. Tall. Glasses. Built like a linebacker. Smile on his face. "Hey, yeah, I guess we haven't. You're..." she trailed off. She drew a blank on his name. She'd been told it once before, but it just wasn't coming to her.

"David," he said.

"Hey," Karen said, her voice growing cheerful, "Nice to meet you. Guess I'll ask what everyone always asks: what's your power?"

David's face fell, and yet another awkward silence descended, this time shared by the whole group as they stared at Karen and David for a moment.

David forced a smile. "Guess you hadn't heard. I lost my power on M-Day."

Karen felt a growing sense of embarrassment which quickly moved on into mortification. "For I am Karen, queen of the cretins. May all lesser cretins bow before me." That, at least, drew a laugh from David, which made Karen feel better about reusing a joke. "OK, we're young and we're in a mall, I say we go dump huge amounts of disposable income into items of dubious utility!"

"Sounds like a plan," Laurie said with forced cheer. But it got them moving, and soon they were indulging in that grand ritual of the American experience which united young and old, from sea to shining sea: consumption. It wasn't much, and maybe it wasn't even healthy, but it took their minds off their troubles and let them laugh and pretend to be normal teenagers for a few hours, and maybe that enough.

Two hours later, Colossus informed them via their communicators that it was time to go. They were all to meet up at the food court, and from there they would proceed back to the bus to return to Xavier's. It was now late afternoon, and the shadows outside were lengthening.

Karen came walking back towards the food court with Laurie and Josh. Each of them had an orange smoothie in hand, and Josh and Laurie were laughing. "You can't be serious," Josh said.

"Why would I lie? Inviso-girl locks us in the basement with the gas on, and then tries to take her revenge on Cordelia..." Karen paused, "You know, it's funnier to talk about it than it was to live through it."

Laurie shook her head incredulously. "I thought MY old school was bad," she murmured.

"Weren't you home schooled?" Josh asked.

Laurie gave Josh an annoyed look. "For your information, I went to public school. Things sucked for me beyond the telling of it before my powers woke up." A pause. "And they they still sucked, but in a different way."

Karen nodded. "Giles used to say that we were 'dreadfully mistaken if we thought the only purpose of high school was to instill a capacity for suffering,' but that's still what my money's on."

"Hey," Josh said, "Looks like we're the first ones here." He looked around, and took a sip of his smoothie. "Oh wait, there's Mr. Rasputin." He waved to Colossus, who nodded back as he made his way towards the three students.

"I trust you have enjoyed yourselves?" Colossus asked.

"Hey, I'm always up for some mall prowling," Karen said. A pause. "That sounded creepier than I meant it."

None of the three knew that at that moment, from the second story window of the building across the street from the mall and with a clear line of fire to the food court, Matthew Risman - one of Stryker's Purifiers - had Laurie in his sights, his high powered sniper rifle ready to fire. His finger eased onto the trigger as he settled the cross-hairs onto her heart.

He exhaled as he gently squeezed the trigger.

The bullet flew true, its sound dampened by the suppressor mounted to the rifle's barrel.

Karen saw the muzzle flash, and immediately her Kryptonian brain went into overdrive, processing information at speeds an order of magnitude higher than it had been even an instant before. She saw the bullet. Saw its trajectory intersecting Laurie's heart. Saw that nobody else could do a damn thing. Saw that even with her speed, while she might have time to get in the way, she wouldn't have time to reach out, grab Laurie, and pull her out of the way without ripping the girl's arm off in the process - an injury that would likely prove just as lethal as any bullet. Her heart began to race, her palms became slick with sweat.

Moving with super-speed, she stepped in front of the path of the bullet.

Time seemed to resume its normal flow. Karen's chest erupted in a blaze of agony as a depleted uranium slug impacted against her collarbone.

Blood spurted onto the floor.

She was falling. Someone was screaming. She couldn't tell if it was her.

"MR. RASPUTIN!" someone screamed.

Distantly, she heard a second shot, and then a third.

The world faded, and all she knew was darkness, and a vast, terrible silence.

End Chapter 06





*Chapter 7*: Crusade, Part II


			Pain.

Darkness.

Silence.

"The blackest night... falls from the skies..."

"What a difference a day makes..."

"The darkness grows... as all light dies..."

Agony.

Darkness.

Loss.

"Listen. What do you hear?"

"... Everything."

"Then you understand."

"Kal-L, I..."

A point of night.

A black ring.

A red cape.

A white light.

"... in brightest day... in blackest night..."

"Kara, I..."

"... no evil shall escape my sight..."

"Save it. You are NOT my father!"

A man in a blue mask with a bullet hole through his head.

The Blue Beetle didn't commit suicide. He was murdered.

I remember everything.

I remember...

Kara Zor-L opened her eyes.



* * *



A New World in my View

by P.H. Wise

An X-Men Crossover Fanfic

Chapter 07: Crusade, Part II

Disclaimer: The DC Universe and its associated characters is the property of DC comics. The Marvel Universe and its associated characters is the property of Marvel Entertainment LLC. Buffy the Vampire Slayer is Joss Whedon's baby. This chapter contains some dialogue from New X-Men #27. Marvel owns that, too.



* * *



"... Karen? Karen!"

The world came rushing back with all the force of a freight train. Every perception bouncing through her head: she could see everything. Infrared, visible light, ultraviolet, radio waves, x-rays, gamma rays. She could hear... everything.  but why did it hurt so much?

She remembered. Xander. He'd stepped in front of the gunshot.

"Karen, how many fingers am I holding up?"

She looked at the blonde girl and the fingers she was holding up. "... Six," she murmured, and the sound of her own voice, and the feeling of it buzzing in her chest against her broken collarbone send fresh waves of agony surging through her body.

"Why isn't it working?"

"Where's Xander?" she asked confusedly.

"Xander?" Josh asked. "Who's Xander?"

She was in the food court. Xander had brought them here. Had been talking with his friends. She'd been... the reality that she was in control of her own body after a month of total helplessness and almost a second month of being relegated to a phantom existence hit her suddenly, and the sheer intensity of it nearly overwhelmed her. "I'm back," she whispered. "I'm back..."

"Are you sure you healed her?"

Joshua Foley shook his head. "I tried. I think... I've managed to stop the bleeding, but it's weird. She's..." he met Laurie's gaze. "I don't think she's human."

She was in shock. Oh, Rao help her, she was in shock. "... she's a star-woman," she murmured, suppressing a giggle, even though every word was agony, "...waiting in the sky, she'd like to come and meet us, but she thinks she'd blow our minds..."

"Don't try to talk, idiot," Laurie snapped. She looked up at Josh. "Human or not, she saved my life. But I think there's something wrong with her. We need to get her to Miss Frost."

Josh shook his head. "Colossus told us to stay behind cover until he returned."

"JOSH! LAURIE!" Josh looked up. Surge and the others came rushing up.

"What happened?"

Kara shook her head, trying to clear her thoughts. The movement HURT, but she embraced that pain. Used it to force back her rising delirium. "... Josh..." she moaned.

"They got Karen? Is she alive?"

The face of the sniper burned in her brain. The gun he carried. Every detail. She had to do something. Bombing a school bus full of children. Sending snipers to assassinate Laurie. A climate of fear. It couldn't go on. Not when SHE could do something to stop it. So she lied."Josh, I'm dying," she said.

His eyes bugged out. "No... no, Karen, I'll... I'll try harder. I can heal you. I stopped the bleeding!"

"You can save me... but you have to... put me out in direct sunlight."

They knew that Miss Frost didn't want Karen exposed to too much sunlight too quickly. But if she was right... All eyes went to Noriko. She was the leader. She made the call.

"Do it," Nori said.

The sound of approaching Sentinels was loud to the others, almost deafening to Kara.

She hissed in pain as Rockslide lifted her. Carried her to the sunlit portion of the room. Laid her body down almost reverently.

Power began to flood into her cells. The bio-cellular matrix, her birthright as a Kryptonian, drawing in all the power that it could. She took off her hat, stripped out of her turtleneck. Every move was agony. Kara Zor-L rose to her feet, and then floated up into the air.

"...Karen?" Noriko asked, eyes wide.

"I'm sorry," she told the others. "I have to stop this. This ends now."

"Karen, WAIT!"

Kara rocketed into the afternoon sky. Up. Up. Higher. Higher. It grew difficult to breathe: she hadn't yet absorbed enough to sustain her life functions in the absence of other sustenance. She blazed through the sky, accelerating as she went, the wind whipping through her hair, friction alone tearing the clothing from her body. Naked, she ascended, zooming out of the atmosphere, picking up speed as she went, absorbing more and more solar radiation as she went.

She left the protective envelope of the Earth. Consciousness was fading. Her lungs burned, but held their rapidly diminishing supply of oxygen against the vacuum. She went on, exposed herself directly to the full force of the solar wind. Her pain vanished. The blackness at the edges of her vision receeded. The Earth hung below her like a jewel suspended in the void, and for the first time since her arrival, Kara Zor-L felt whole. She was not at full power. Not yet. But this was enough for her purposes.

She shot back down towards the Earth, the light of her reentry blazing a trail in the skies from San Francisco to New York city.



* * *



Early warning systems began to sound their alarms across the United States. Something was entering the atmosphere.

At NORAD, a technician stared incredulously at the sensor readings he was getting. "Sir?"

"What is it, Specialist?"

"Inbound unidentified flying object, sir. Just hit atmo above California."

The captain frowned. "Show me."

The technician did.

"Incoming at mach..." The captain's eyes widened. "... That's impossible."

S.H.I.E.L.D. went on high alert as the projected flight path of the unknown contact was traced: it was headed for New York. Resources were reallocated, but it would be at least an hour before a heli-carrier could be on site.

An alert went out to the New Avenger, and Earth's mightiest heroes assembled at Stark Tower: Spider-Man, Iron Man, Captain America, and Marvel Girl were on call. Theirs would be a response time of minutes and not hours.

The X-Men, too, had their early warning system, installed long ago after repeated dealings with extra-terrestrial beings, and they leaped into action as they learned of the unknown object leaving a plume of plasma two miles long in its wake blazing across the United States. When it began to decelerate, their computers quickly calculated a likely destination: Westchester County.

And high above the Earth, basking in the sunlight at the edge of the atmosphere, Divine looked upon the sign and knew it it for what it was.



* * *



Emma was very, very calm as she asked, as calmly as she could, "What happened?"

Valerie Cooper shook her head, "We're still gathering data, Ms. Frost. Our initial report indicates that a sniper positioned in a third story apartment on the building across the street from the shopping mall a group of your students had chosen as their site of recreation opened fire, injuring, or possibly killing one of them in the process."

"We were assured of their safety, Ms. Cooper," Emma said, very, very calmly. "Can you perhaps explain why the incompetence of your security measures has allowed the 'injury or possible death' of yet another student?"

"... The shooter didn't show up on any of our scanners..."

"You expect us to put our lives into your hands," Emma began, her calm unravelling slightly, "And when we do, you fail on every conceivable level, and you wonder why we are less than inclined to cooperate? You wonder why we see you as more of a hindrance than a help?"

Val didn't have a good reply for that, and she was spared further anger when a call came through to Emma's office. Emma picked up her phone. "This had better be good," she said.

#Emma,# Scott said over the line, #Colossus just reported in. No casualties, but Karen is missing. Josh and Laurie claim she saved Laurie's life, and then flew away. I...#

The early warning alarms began to sound. They had an inbound contact from outside the atmosphere, and it was coming. Here.

It was days like this made Emma glad she never gave up drinking.



* * *



Protesters had been gathering outside of Xavier's since the first confused days after M-Day. At first, it had only been a trickle of crazies. Two days back, that trickle had become a flood. All the nation seemed to have turned out to show their anger at the presence of this last bastion of mutant-kind upon the earth. Hundreds of thousands of fearful, angry human beings gathered in common purpose beneath the guidance of one Reverend William Stryker, and he was greatly pleased. But more importantly, the Lord was pleased. He had sent out the call, and his people had answered magnificently! The police had never seen anything like it, and it was all they could do to keep the throng of the faithful from storming the gates of that God-forsaken school.

The tool the Lord had granted to him had proven a bounty beyond knowing.

He had been a crusader, once. One of god's chosen in the war against Satan and his demons, and their blasphemous children known as mutant-kind. But he had strayed. She had tempted him - it always seemed to be women who did the tempting - and he, like Adam, had fallen. Had been convinced that God was wrong. Had fallen from grace.

The Lord had chastised him for his lack of faith, for his moment of weakness. Surely the agonies of Saint Peter in the moment when the cock crowed that third and final time could not have been more terrible. He, the man who had only ever wanted to serve his God and his country, had forsaken them both for the sweet lies of the whore of Babylon. Oh, but his revenge upon Kitty Pryde would come, and when it did, it would be swift and terrible. He would give her no chance to tempt him with her pretty lies this time. But all of that was in the past. He was a new man, now: forgiven. God had forgiven him, and had taken his sin as far away as the East was from the West. After a long and difficult road to redemption, the Lord had granted him a second chance, and a tool with which to strike down the devil-spawned abominations once and for all, and what a tool it was!

Nimrod.

A Sentinel from a glorious future where humanity had won its war against Satan's spawn. Where every trace of the mutant filth had been tracked down and destroyed. It had taught him things. Terrible, wonderful things. For such was his calling as a man of God: what he bound on Earth, God would bind in heaven; what he loosed, God would loose.

But it was time. The stage was set. His people were waiting. The cameras were waiting. "Oh Lord," he prayed. "Be with your humble servant this night. Guide my steps, and grant me the strength to do your will. Amen."



* * *



"... Miss Frost, you have to listen!"

Emma raised an eyebrow. The students had been returned more or less safely, and no sooner had Noriko returned to her room than she came rushing back to her office to speak with her.

"There was a blur, and then Power Girl's costume was gone. I think..." Noriko looked up. "I think she's going to do something foolish."

The pieces began to fall into place. Karen had been injured. Emma couldn't find her telepathically.  was it because she was searching for the wrong mind? Could it be Kara who was in control? "Then we'd better find her before she does," she said.



* * *



He walked out onto the stage. A great amphitheater had been provided for his use, and every seat had been filled. Cameras flashed. The roar of the crowd was deafening. He raised his hand towards the sky as if to redirect their praise to the one to whom it was truly due: he was but the servant; the glory belonged to the Lord. He knew that his words were being carried all around the world by the television cameras, but also to his Purifiers, and to the hundreds of thousands who protested outside of the Xavier mansion as well. "My children," he began, "Let us pray the way our Lord taught us: Our Father," and the whole crowd joined in, their voices mingling with his own until it seemed there was no distinction between them, "Who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name..." The prayer went on, every heart lifted in submission, every knee bent, "Thy kingdom come, thy will be done, on Earth as it is in Heaven. Give us this day our daily bread, and forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against us. And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil, for thine is the kingdom and the power and the glory forever, and ever, and ever! Amen!" By the time the prayer concluded, the crowd had reached a fever pitch, none of them, him least of all, seeing the tiniest contradiction between that prayer and the hatred they poured so freely upon the least of these, my brethren.

"My children, I speak to you tonight of the Anti-Christ: the man who will be empowered by Satan to lead the forces of darkness against the children of God. Have you not heard? He will lead the world into the terrors of the Apocalypse. Although he will be against the faithful Christians, and will mock God's word, the world will view him as a man of peace. He will use deception and lies to spin his web of deceit and to conceal his true motives, promoting a vision of universal brotherhood between man and mutant, when his true goal is conquest, and to ride forth to conquer us all! Can anyone doubt that this man is Charles Xavier?"

The crowd roared its approval. Power. He felt it in his veins. Every word carrying these people with him, driving them onwards to accomplish God's calling.

"The signs are beyond number! But God in his mercy has performed a great miracle! The devil-spawn have been driven from our presence like the pestilence that they are, and now their last remnant lingers in that," his voice took on a mocking tone, "Institute for Higher Learning." He paused for effect. "But the time has come! Today, we take back the paradise that was lost by our inaction! Today, by your actions, we strike a blow for the Lord!"

The crowd roared its approval, and he basked in it. "AMEN!" he shouted, as if he were an observer and not the preacher. "By the power of the holy spirit, we shall be more than conquerors, my children! We shall be sons and daughters of the most high God!"

And then a streak of white and blue and gold came out of the sky, landing with a thunderclap, and with such force that it shook the outdoor theater and left a crater six feet across in the concrete stage.

Power Girl had arrived.



* * *



Xander's consciousness was stronger now. Not strong enough to push her out of the driver's seat, but strong enough that Power Girl knew that her time was short. Tracking Matthew Rissman might have proven been looking for a needle in a haystack for the police, but for a Kryptonian with super-speed, x-ray vision, a starting point, a bird's eye view, and a very good reason to follow him back to his boss, it had proven a matter of patience and determination. She'd found him eight minutes after the shooting. He'd switched vehicles at least once already, and he did so twice more before he finally returned to his safe house. He hadn't been cooperative, but the journal that he kept hidden behind a secret panel - easily discoverable when you can see through walls - had been... illuminating. What she'd found there had led her here. She wasn't here to do what her first impulse had been: she'd never really been a plan kind of girl. She was all about action and smashing things, but that wasn't going to work here. It might even make things worse.

But this was about more than just what had happened to Xander earlier today. This was about right and wrong. This was about... how could she call herself a hero if she wasn't willing to confront William Stryker for what he had done? No plan. No equipment. No backup. She had a brief 'What the hell am I doing?' moment.

'KARA, WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING?' a voice all but screamed in her head.

'Oh. Hi Emma.'

'You had better not be... no. Absolutely not. Going after Stryker is idiotic. Assaulting him at a public event will only hurt our cause.'

'Who said anything about assaulting?'

'Give me one good reason why I shouldn't just turn off your brain and puppet you back to the school myself? What the hell do you think you're doing?'

'The right thing.'

'No. I'm not going to let you do thi...' Something cut off Emma's telepathic signal in mid-thought.

She arrived.

Screams filled the amphitheater. Terror. Rage. The crowd was shaken by her arrival. The Reverend Stryker held forth his hand and called out, "Be not afraid, my people! The Lord is with us! She is a servant of the Devil, come to test our faith! Stand strong in the hour of trial!"

Power Girl tossed the broken remains of Matthew Risman's sniper rifle onto the stage. "Stryker!" she yelled, modulating her power to amplify her voice as if she, too, were speaking through the sound system. "This insanity ends now!"

Silence, and then the crowd began to rumble like a hundred thousand angry bees. Not a single security guard made a move towards her - they weren't being paid enough to confront a superhuman. William Stryker's voice pierced the din, and as he spoke, his people fell silent. "It is no insanity to follow the will of God!" he proclaimed. "You come against us with your demon fueled powers, but we come against you in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost!"

Power Girl walked forward, and the news cameras followed her as she went. "Your assassin has failed, Stryker. Your attempt to murder a teenage girl has failed."

"We will not hear your slander here, mutant," Stryker replied. "But I guess you already knew that. Why have you come?"

"To give you a chance," Power Girl replied. "To stop this. To give up this hate that has poisoned you: this hate that you spread to everyone you touch." She looked out at the crowd, "I've seen what human beings can do. The good and the bad. Your aggression, your blind submission to leaders, your hostility to outsiders, your compassion for others, love for your children, your great, soaring, passionate intelligence. You can be a great people; I know that you wish to be. Turn away from this madness."

"Or what?"

"Or I'll stop you."

Stryker seemed momentarily taken aback, but he recovered quickly. He laughed. "Just like that, you'll stop me? You think you can stand against the will of God, girl? Who do you think you are?"

She continued her slow walk towards him. "I'm the last daughter of Krypton. I've seen the death of worlds, survived the death of universes. I stood against the Blackest Night, I've faced monsters, gods, and demons. I'm Power Girl, and I am not afraid of you, William Stryker."

His pride was pricked. Fury built within him. How DARE this little girl challenge him here, in front of his own! He slipped on the gauntlet that he kept behind his podium. "My children," he cried, "It's time to win the war between Heaven and Hell!" He raised up the gauntlet of Nimrod.

"Stop this, Stryker. This is your last chance."

"I'm afraid I can't do that," he replied. "I answer to a higher power." There was a deep, bass rumble, and a pulse of blinding light, and then...

Pandemonium. That suited Kara just fine.

"Purifiers!" Stryker called, "The time is now!" And then he leveled the gauntlet at Power Girl and let loose with a terrific blast of electromagnetically sheathed plasma. She didn't try to dodge: she knew that if she were to do so, hundreds of normal humans behind her would die. She clenched her eyes shut and covered them with her hands. The plasma blast detonated on impact, obscuring her body in fire.

When the flames died down, her exposed flesh looked like she had stayed out in the sun for far too long, but she was otherwise fine.

And pissed.

People were screaming, running in all directions, praying for their god to save them.

"You had to have known. If I had dodged, how many people would you have killed just now, Reverend?"

"MY FLOCK IS PREPARED TO LAY DOWN THEIR LIVES IN SERVICE TO THE LORD!" 'Analysis complete,' a mechanical voice chimed from Stryker's gauntlet. 'Necessary adaptations made. Prepare to fire.' He raised his gauntleted arm once more, preparing something worse. Something lethal. That deep, awful rumble nearly split the air as power gathered in his gauntlet.

"I wouldn't be so sure," she replied. Then, her voice still amplified to reach every person in the amphitheater, she called out, "Ladies and gentlemen, I recommend you walk calmly to the nearest exit."

The rumble grew louder. The power buildup reached its peak. He drew back his hand, clutching a ball of pure destruction between his gauntleted fingers.

She took his arm off at the shoulder with a blast of her heat vision. The wound was instantly cauterized, and arm and gauntlet both hit the concrete stage with a thunk. The ball of death flickered and went out.

She took his arm off at the shoulder with a blast of her heat vision. The wound was instantly cauterized, and arm and gauntlet both hit the concrete stage with a thunk.

Stryker stared at the blackened stump that seconds ago had been a functioning part of his body, and then directed every ounce of his hatred at Power Girl. "... You... you cannot defeat me so easily!" he spat, "I have the holy spirit power, girl! I will purge this world of your filth!"

Power Girl smiled a bit viciously. "Yeah? You and what arm-y?" And then she blanched, horrified by what she'd just said. "... Oh God. I need to spend less time with Xander." And nobody but her understood why that last bit was funny. Damn.

Stryker laughed. He couldn't help it. He laughed. "What arm-y? What army? This one! Purifiers!"

Dozens of robed men rose up from their hiding places, each of them carrying weaponry tailor made to kill super-humans.

They opened fire.



* * *



"Something isn't right," the purifier said.

"I know. Paul and Joseph should have returned by now," his fellow replied.

They stood guard in a hidden chamber inside of Reverend Stryker's church. A damaged, angular, pink robot hung from a cross in the center of the room, surrounded on all sides by banks of computers.

The first shook his head. "No, I'm talking about the device. After that last power spike, everything changed... the levels are off the charts."

On the ground, a young mutant by the name of Joshua Guthrie was bleeding to death. "... I'm sorry," he moaned, "So... sorry..."

The first purifier grimaced. "What's taking them so long? They're supposed to come and pick up this one, too."

The second grew angry. "Will you shut up about the mutant? Something is very wrong here."

The robot lifted its head.

"I... oh, no."

That was all he had time to say before the discharge of a beam of pink energy from the robot's outstretched hand blasted him into a cloud of superheated but swiftly cooling carbon dust.

"NIMROD UNIT ONLINE, CONTACT ESTABLISHED. WEAPONS SYSTEMS AT 7.24 PERCENT." It clamped its hand down on the other purifier's skull and lifted him into the air, his screams muffled by the palm its robotic hand. "HUMAN COMBATANT IDENTIFIED: DESIGNATION "PURIFIERS." ANALYSIS: THREAT TO PRIMARY OBJECTIVE. TERMINATE."

A second discharge. A second life extinguished in the blink of an eye.

The boy on the ground stared in terror. "... please... Julia... forgive me... I didn't want to..."

"UNIT ENERGY AT 16.5 PERCENT. MUTANT TARGET CONFIRMED: JOSHUA GUTHRIE, DESIGNATION: ICARUS. RECOMMENDATION: TERMINATE. ERROR. SYSTEMS AT CRITICAL ENERGY LEVELS. DISCHARGE OF PRIMARY WEAPONS JEOPARDIZES PRIMARY OBJECTIVE. SOLUTION. MASSIVE INTERNAL BLEEDING IN PROGRESS. SOLUTION. TARGET DEATH IMMINENT." The pink Sentinel clenched its fist. "PROCEED WITH RECOVERY OF MISSING PARTS. INITIATE REPAIR PROTOCOLS. MISSING PARTS LOCATED. INITIATING TELEPORTATION EVENT."

Nimrod vanished in a flare of violent pink energy.



* * *



Bullets designed to penetrate telekinetic shields bounced off of Power Girl's skin, some ricocheting wildly, most simply falling to the ground with their momentum cancelled. It stung a little bit, and she would probably have all manner of unsightly red marks from this, but she was otherwise unharmed. "Is that the best you can do?" she asked.

A thrown vibranium knife scored a long gash along her forearm, and it was little comfort to know that had she been human, it likely would have cut her arm off. Power Girl looked at it the gash for a moment, looked to the Purifier who had thrown it the knife, looked back at the gash. "... F#!$."

A dozen more purifiers began to brandish their knives, Stryker, clutching his charred shoulder, began to laugh.

Overhead, a VTOL jet aircraft zoomed over the amphitheater at extreme low altitude. As it circled back around, and the sound of its engines became all but deafening. Simultaneously, a large pink robot appeared in a flash of pink light.

There, surrounded by enemies wielding weapons that could actually hurt her, with unknown threats approaching, Power Girl took a moment to stare incredulously. "... OK, now you're just making fun of me," she muttered.

"ALERT: MISSING PIECES DETECTED. ALERT: ENEMY COMBATANTS DETECTED. ANALYZING. OMEGA CLASS THREAT DETECTED. INITIATING REPAIR SEQUENCE."

Pink light flared around the robot, and the gauntlet Stryker had once worn rattled dangerously on the stage. Then, all at once, the robotic arm shot up towards the Sentinel, still carrying its cargo of severed limb, and reattached to its body. Immediately, repairs seemed to flow across the robot's body. "SYSTEM REPAIR COMPLETED. UNIT AT 75% OF FULL CAPACITY. ALERT: SILENT SYSTEM ALERT PROTOCOLS DISABLED. ALERT: TELEPATHIC SUPPRESSION FIELD DETECTED. ALERT: SUPERHUMAN CONTACT DETECTED. ALERT: AVENGERS INCOMING. NEW X-MEN INCOMING. UNKNOWN CONTACT INCOMING. ACCESSING DATA STREAM. CHRONAL ERROR DETECTED: DATA STREAM IN FLUX." Its sensors honed in on Power Girl, taking in every data point it could get, comparing her against what it already had in its data-banks. "ERROR: SUPERHUMAN NOT FOUND IN HISTORICAL DATA. ANOMALOUS PRESENCE DETECTED. TIMELINE CORRUPTION DETECTED." It turned to face her then, seemingly heedless of the barrage of thrown vibranium daggers she was in the middle of dodging. "ANOMALOUS PRESENCE WILL STATE ITS DESIGNATION."

A blast of lightning came from back stage. It washed over the Nimrod without effect.

"Power Girl!" Surge - Noriko - shouted as she and the rest of the team rushed onto the stage.

Power Girl's eyes widened. "... Surge?"

"DESIGNATION 'POWER GIRL' ACCEPTED. INITIATING HOSTILE ACTION."

The amphitheater was nearly empty now. Just a few stragglers remained of the crowd that had been here when the conflict began: mostly lone individuals recording the event on their phones and digital cameras, heedless of the very real danger around them. The real reporters had fled with the crowd, and the television cameras stood unmanned but still recording.

"Why are you here?" Power Girl asked, leaping out of the way of a plasma blast Nimrod sent her way - it detonated against the first line of seats, sending leftover belongings flying in every direction, leaving behind a scorched crater.

"You have to ask?" Hellion asked.

"We're a team," Rockslide said.

"And we don't abandon our own!" Surge finished.

"How touching," came a voice from above. Power Girl spared a glance upwards, and her heart nearly lurched in her chest. "But ultimately futile."

Divine.

Divine was HERE.

"I don't know what you did to take me away from Max," she said, "But you're going to pay. RIGHT NOW."

Battle was joined, and no graceful ballet this, but the superheroic equivalent of a bar room brawl: New X-Men plus Power Girl vs Nimrod vs Divine vs Purifiers. Nimrod let loose with a volley of pink energy blasts, and the team scattered to avoid them: the stage was not so lucky. Explosion after explosion rocked it, and shards of torn and shredded concrete and pieces of rebar flew in every direction. The sound of gunfire became omnipresent.

Divine opened with a blast of heat-vision that carved a bubbling furrow in the Earth twelve feet long, Power Girl appearing to take the brunt of it, before she dove down to engage Power Girl in hand to hand combat. Power Girl was waiting. She had avoided the worst of the beam and pretended to be more grevously injured than she was: she pulled the same trick on Divine that Colossus had pulled on Xander not long previous, suddenly, unexpectedly grabbing her by the arms and yanking her savagely down to meet her knee, blasting the air from Divine's lungs. Then she hefted her clone over her head and threw her into Nimrod, and the impact blasted them both backwards and off the back of the stage.

They came up a moment later, fighting each other with a level of ferocity that neither Kara nor the New X-Men had ever seen, Nimrod attempting to adapt to the Kryptonian's sheer level of strength while she tore huge gaping holes in his structure with every blow, culminating in her heat vision meeting his full strength energy blast, and the ensuing detonation sending them both rocketing backwards.

A little girl lay trampled and bleeding, and in the path of a stray plasma blast. Power Girl's eyes widened, but she didn't hesitate: she flew with desperate speed, took the plasma blast to the back, was flung forward over the little girl, tumbled head first into the wall at the back of the lower section of the stands. She was up a moment later and flying the little girl to safety before darting back into the fray. "We have to get out of here!" she yelled.

Surge nodded. "X-Men," she called through her communicator, motioning for her term to form up on her. "Let's do this! Dust, clear us a path! Hellion, shield us as we move! Power Girl, cover us from above! Mercury, left flank, X-23, cover the right. Rockslide, you take the middle! Let's move, X-Men!" And they did. Moving as a cohesive fighting force, with Power Girl covering them from incoming attacks, the New X-Men cut a path through the line of Purifiers, broke and scattered them.

"OK," came a sudden voice from above, "I like to think that I'm a pretty understanding guy, but this seems downright excessive." A moment later, Spider-Man's spider sense began to tingle, and he leaped to avoid a blast of bright pink energy from the Sentinel, then shot a strand of web to swing down and bowl over a pair of gunmen who had their sights fixed on his team.

The New X-Men looked up.

Iron Man. Spider-Man. Captain America. Miss Marvel.

The Avengers had arrived.

A flash of movement. She had barely enough time to get out of the way before Divine landed feet first in the column of concrete directly behind where her head had been. She emerged just in time to take a blast from Iron Man's repulsors at full strength. A moment later, a familiar looking woman in a black uniform flew down and hit Power Girl as hard as she could, and it was her turn to be knocked flying.

"OW! Damnit, not me! Not the bad guy here!"

Nimrod ascended, then, and Iron Man turned in midair to face him, firing off blast after blast from his repulsor rays, each one knocking the advanced Sentinel backwards.

"ALERT: SUPERHUMAN RESISTANCE BEYOND CURRENT CAPACITY. INITIATING TELEPORTATION EVENT."

Nimrod vanished in a burst of pink light.

"Screw this," Divine muttered. "We'll finish this another time, Power Girl." And then she too was gone, leaving a massive sonic boom in her wake.

"All right," Captain America said. "Every single one of you is under arrest. Put your hands on your heads. RIGHT NOW."

After a series of exchanged glances, the New X-Men and the two Purifiers who were still standing did just that.

Kara grimaced. Xander was waking up. She could feel him stirring around the edges of her brain. He wasn't going to be happy.

"Shut those cameras off," Iron Man said.

And on what was left of the stage, lying on his back, his flesh scorched and torn, missing an arm and bleeding from where he had bashed his head when the stage had collapsed, William Stryker laughed like the madman that he was.

End Chapter 07



* * *



Author's notes:

OK, I admit, I had fun writing that. It's a bit rougher than I prefer, but I'm sure that I'll live.





*Chapter 8*: Aftermath


			A New World in my View

by P.H. Wise

A Buffy Crossover Fanfic

Chapter 08: Aftermath

Disclaimer: The DC Universe and its associated characters is the property of DC comics. The Marvel Universe and its associated characters is the property of Marvel Entertainment LLC. Buffy the Vampire Slayer is Joss Whedon's baby. This chapter contains some dialogue from New X-Men #27. Marvel owns that, too.



* * *



To be honest, Karen hadn't actually expected to wake up: she'd kind of figured that stepping in front of a high powered sniper round would put her down for good, super powers or not. She certainly hadn't imagined that she'd be waking up more or less unharmed wearing her uniform plus a strange pair of goggles, and secured to a table with some sort of metal manacles. She felt... strong, actually. Very strong. Everything about her field of perception was different. She could see light everywhere. In everything. She could hear everything. The intensity of the sensation quickly grew overwhelming.

A single tear made its way down her cheek.

She lay like that for what felt like hours. She could feel the earth spinning beneath her at a thousand miles per hour, could feel it hurtling around the sun at 67,000 miles per hour. Sensation built upon sensation. Karen cried out, and squeezed her eyes shut.

She didn't know how long it was before she opened them again, but when she did, the flow of sensation was... better. More manageable. Still beyond belief, but not actively driving her mad.

She tested the manacles. When they didn't immediately give, she raised an eyebrow.

"Don't bother," came a man's voice from out of her field of view. "Those are Shi'ar gravity restraints. They're rated for beings on par with Gladiator, so unless you can lift an entire planet..."

She tilted her head as best she could.

A  man? Stood leaning against the wall. A figure in red and gold armor.

"And I guess the goggles are a clouded diamond matrix?" she asked weakly, thinking of the device that Ultra-Humanite had once used in the Power Girl comic book in an effort to keep Power Girl captive long enough to perform a 'Grand Theft Me' style body swap. It hadn't worked, but still. Same device, different origin. She shivered.

"Interesting. You've been a prisoner of the Shi'ar before?"

She shook her head. "Lucky guess."

The robot, or man, or whatever it was, gave every impression of having snorted. "... Do you know why you're here?" he asked.

Karen searched her memories. Nothing. No hint of anything that might have happened between stepping in front of that bullet and now. She felt a sense of panic rising in her, but she squashed it down, forced herself to think. If she hadn't been moving her body, obviously someone had.  Kara? Had it been Kara? She waited for Kara to say something. To give some hint of what had happened..

Nothing.

Her efforts not to panic became significantly less successful. "... Look, whoever you are, I'm sure I haven't done anything wrong, and..." she trailed off under the armored figure's expressionless gaze. Her first instinct was to ask after Laurie, and the question was nearly out of her mouth before she bit it back: if she was a prisoner, the last thing she wanted to do was give her captives information that could be used against her, or her friends. "Am I being accused of something?" she asked.

"You and your friends caused several million dollars in property damage to the city of North Salem. More than that, six hundred people in attendance at William Stryker's speaking engagement were injured. Two were killed. One of those killed was a young pregnant mother. And the whole thing happened on TV."

Karen felt her hackles rise.

"Right now," the armored figure went on, "The major networks are just breaking the news to the American people. And it's going to play over and over and over, all over the world."

"Right," Karen said angrily. She still didn't remember a damn thing about what had happened, but massive property damage? Injuries? Deaths? Assuming Kara had been in control of the body when everything went down, did that sound like something she'd do? Or like something the New X-Men would do? So. For some reason they'd gone to William Stryker's speaking event.  She'd heard of the man. What she'd heard had not impressed her. "Right," Karen said, her anger and her tongue getting ahead of her brain, and getting the likely series of events more or less correct mostly by accident, "Because smarmy televangelist William Joseph Simmons and his super-friends tried to do a William Boroughs, and it's not their fault, it's ours."

The armored figure seemed taken aback, and actually had to take a moment to parse that out before replying with, "There's such a thing as shouting 'Fire' in a crowded theater."

"There's also such a thing as there being an actual fire in a crowded theater, and a group of mutants showing up to put it out only to find the ushers are packing flamethrowers, and..." She trailed off. Damn. That one had gotten away from her. "Can I start that over?"

Karen had the distinct impression that the armored figure was glaring at her.

And then Kara was there. Next to her. Standing across from the armored figure. Looking mortified. "Xander. Mouth. Talking. Make with the stoppage."

Karen was halfway tempted to mouth off at Kara, too, but she somehow she suspected that having tall red and shiny here thinking she was crazy probably wasn't going to help her case. She shut her mouth. 'Nice of her to finally show up,' she thought, still more than a little bit angry.

The armored figure strode angrily out of the room. The door slid shut with a hiss.

"Hey," Kara said, "Trying to keep your friends alive, rescue people, and fight off Stryker's goons, Divine, and a big glowing pink robot thing at the same with your unconscious self trying to kick me out of the driver's seat for half the fight takes a lot out of a girl."

Karen blinked. 'Divine? wait... did you just respond to me thinking at you?'

"Skanky black haired clone-me. It's a long story. And, uh, yeah? What, did you think I was talking out loud all this time?"

Karen felt like a fool. A totally furious fool, but a fool. 'And you were going to clue me in on this when?'

"... er..."

Karen felt like screaming. She struggled in her bonds a bit. They didn't budge. 'I wish my hands were free so I could hit you,' she thought.

"You'd be hitting yourself, too."

'Worth it.  Gah, you know that thing you do where you're not there? Can you do that again?'

Kara shook her head grimly. "No chance. You need to know what happened before you get us into even more trouble than you already have."

'Than YOU already have.'

"Just shut up and listen already."

She did. She thought about ignoring Kara just for spite, but self-preservation won out: she needed to know what had happened. She grit her teeth, and she listened.



* * *



"What do you think?"

The armored figure - Iron Man - shrugged almost imperceptibly. "About the girl, or about the mutants?"

"Mutants," Captain America said.

"Their stories are consistent," Iron Man said, his tone noncommittal. "If the damage hadn't been so widespread, and forum so high profile, I'd be inclined to let them go. But as is, it's going to be difficult to justify not handing them over to the police."

On a large video screen set into the wall before the two heroes, the video recordings of the incident were playing. There had been four news crews present. Of those, two had managed to get recordings of the entire event, with the other two cutting out during the fighting.

"Why have you come?" Stryker's voice asked.

"To give you a chance," Power Girl replied. "To stop this. To give up this hate that has poisoned you: this hate that you spread to everyone you touch." She looked out at the crowd, "I've seen what human beings can do. The good and the bad. Your aggression, your blind submission to leaders, your hostility to outsiders, your compassion for others, love for your children, your great, soaring, passionate intelligence. You can be a great people; I know that you wish to be. Turn away from this madness."

"Or what?"

"Or I'll stop you."

"And the girl?" Captain America asked.

"Angry. Sarcastic. She's got a problem with authority." Beneath his mask, he grinned humorlessly. "You'd almost think she was a teenager."

"It's strange, isn't it?"

Iron Man looked to Captain America, waiting for him to continue.

"The young woman in the video doesn't strike me as a teenage girl. Physically, sure, but..." He gestured to Power Girl's image on the screen. There was a young woman who had power. Who knew it. Who knew how to use it responsibly. There was an undeniable authority in her voice and in her bearing. An authority that was missing in the girl restrained in the other room. "She reminds me of..."

"You too?"

Captain America nodded. "Think they're related?"

"Maybe. She did claim to be a 'daughter of Krypton.'"

"And your scans?"

"They confirm that much," Iron Man said. "She's definitely a Kryptonian. Which means the other one likely is as well. The only question is, are they survivors of a version of Krypton in our world, or are they from the other universe?"

"Not the only question," Captain America said.

Iron Man conceded the point. An alert popped up on his HUD. "The Blackbird is inbound. Looks like Logan is on his way, and he's not alone." He grimaced. "This is going to be unpleasant."



* * *



"Calm down, Logan. Going into this half-cocked is only going to make things worse."

"I am calm," Logan said angrily as he stalked ahead of the rest of the group. "Real calm." They'd only just landed in the hanger at Stark Tower. Only just emerged from the Blackbird. Behind him, Emma Frost looked icy and stony-faced, Scott Summers and Kitty Pryde looked worried, Colossus looked grim, and Beast's expression was carefully neutral. "And if Tony don't return our kids, I'm gonna calmly shove my claws right up his..."

"Logan!"

Logan didn't apologize. Didn't look apologetic. Didn't feel apologetic. Scott took that to mean he apologized.



* * *



Ben Grimm's face appeared on the screen. "Hey, is this thing on?"

Tony Stark blinked in surprise behind his mask. The X-Men had landed. They were on their way up from the hanger. He'd been about to go to meet them, when a call came in from the Fantastic Four. Reed he might have expected, but Ben? "I'm in the middle of something, Ben," he said.

"Yeah, I know. Ya got Karen locked up in that tower o' yours."

"... You're calling about that?"

"Actually, I'm calling to say that we're on our way over, and that you better be treatin' Karen like a lady, otherwise I might just have to do some Clobberin' when I get there."

The door opened with a hiss. His sensors registered the presence of the new arrivals, but he himself did not notice.

Johnny Storm's voice came over the line from somewhere off screen, "Hey, can we tell him we're on our way without threatening violence to a leader of the Avengers?"

Ben snorted, and turned to glare at someone off screen - Johnny, probably. "Shut yer trap. I said I'd make the call to the Avengers, I'm makin' the call to the Avengers." He looked back at the screen. "We'll be landing in ten, Iron Man."

"We catch ya at a bad time, Tony?" came a very angry, very familiar voice from the door.

He turned, cutting the connection to the Fantastic Four as he did so.

The X-Men were here.



* * *



"... rioting continues in the town of North Salem, New York in the wake of the mutant assassination attempt on evangelist William Stryker. Here at Fox News, we've received exclusive footage of that confrontation."

Footage began to play.

"You come against us with your demon fueled powers, but we come against you in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost!"

"Why have you come?"

"To stop you."

Stryker seemed momentarily taken aback, but he recovered quickly. He laughed. "Just like that, you'll stop me? You think you can stand against the will of God, girl? Who do you think you are?"

She continued her slow walk towards him. "I'm the last daughter of Krypton. I've seen the death of worlds, survived the death of universes. I stood against the Blackest Night, I've faced monsters, gods, and demons. I'm Power Girl, and I am not afraid of you, William Stryker."

Stryker produced a pink gauntlet from behind the podium and raised it over his head. "I have the holy spirit power, girl. I intend to win the war between heaven and hell."

She fired lasers from her eyes. She cut off his arm at the shoulder. And then she smiled at the fallen preacher. "You and what arm-y?"

The camera returned to the anchor. "As shocking as this footage is, it did not end there. Soon, this 'Power Girl's' mutant allies arrived, and the ensuing battle resulted in hundreds of injuries. Here to discuss the implications of this attack and what it means for our safety is political consultant and Fox News contributor, Dick Morris. Dick?"

"Hello, Jason. Good to be here."

"Good to have you. So, what does this incident mean for the mutant problem?"

"Oh, I think it serves to underline the very real problem that we've allowed to brew in our society for years now. Mutants are out of control. They've been out of control for a long time, and I think the American people are finally waking up to that fact."

"Michael Barone has a column in the Washington Examiner which explains the long history of mutation and mutant terrorism in America, and how the majority in both Democratic and Republican parties are now behind the 8-ball in their reelection campaigns because of a perceived lack of toughness on the mutant problem. How much of a factor is that really likely to be in the coming elections?"

Dick smiled grimly. "If anything, Mr. Barone is understanding the issue. The real question isn't 'how are these politicians going to wiggle into a more comfortable position?' The real question is, 'how can any politician who supports the mutant agenda hope to survive the coming election?' and 'When will the war on terror begin to address the problem of mutant terrorism?' Even mutant groups like the so called 'X-Men,' who have long claimed to be the moderates in this debate, have engaged in brutal attacks against Americans, with this attack on Reverend Stryker's peaceful prayer gathering being only the latest in a long list of atrocities they have carried out."

"Do you have any reaction to what appears to be evidence of the Xavier institute training children as anti-human terrorists? And an alliance with what is either a very disturbed young mutant, or an extra-terrestrial illegal alien?"

"Only that it confirms what we've suspected for a long time. The alien angle is new, but we can hardly be surprised now by the depths of the depravity to which these creatures are willing to sink. These children should be receiving treatment for their mutation, not trained to use it to kill their fellow Americans in support of some radical mutant-superiority agenda."

"Dick Morris, thank you very much for your time. Joining me now is Doctor Jensen from the Genetech corporation. Doctor, your company once offered a cure for mutation, only to have that cure and its related research destroyed in an act of mutant terrorism, is that correct?"



* * *



"Cut the bullshit, Tony," Scott said. He'd gone with glasses and street clothes rather than spandex and visor today. They were all in street clothes, actually, save Emma, who wore a variant on her standard revealing white outfit. "We all know the outcome if this actually goes to trial: it will be a circus. The media will go into a feeding frenzy, the kids will end up in jail for the rest of their natural lives, and the mutant community will be even further alienated from the rest of humanity."

"That's less of a concern than it used to be," Iron Man replied. "There's what, two hundred of you now?"

"Actually, no," Beast said. "Nine in ten mutants were depowered on M-Day. But that still leaves us with a world wide population numbering in the tens of thousands at the low end, hundreds of thousands at the high end." The others were looking at him now, and he grew uncomfortable. "... Ah. But that is neither here nor there."

Scott shook his head. "You can't seriously want to put our students in jail for confronting a man who was in the process of starting a race riot. Who had actually started that riot before most of them even got involved!"

"That's for the courts to decide," Iron Man said.

"I'm not going to argue with you. We're taking our students."

Logan nodded in agreement. "Like it or not, bub, they're comin' with us."

Colossus didn't transform, but he did crack his knuckles, and made it quite clear with his body language that he intended to back up his team.

"Just try it," Iron Man said.

Emma looked bored. "Much as I enjoy the sight of male posturing," she said, her tone scornful, "I would prefer we all sat down and discussed this like civilized people."

The others looked to her, then to Scott. When Scott relaxed, so did they. Iron Man stood down soon after.

"Not before we see the students," Scott said.

"Of course, dear."



* * *



"And we're back with continuing coverage of the rioting in North Salem," Anderson Cooper said, facing the camera, the CNN logo behind him, news ticker crawling across the bottom of the screen. "As many of you will already have heard, the riot began at 4:30 PM eastern standard time when evangelist William Stryker told a crowd of thousands, quote, 'The time has come. Today, we take back the paradise that was lost by our inaction. Today, by your actions, we strike a blow for the Lord. By the power of the holy spirit, we shall be more than conquerors, my children. We shall be sons and daughters of the most high God.' unquote. But that's not where the story ends. A moment later, the rally was disrupted by the arrival of what was apparently an angry superhuman teenager, claiming she had come to give Reverend Stryker, quote 'A chance to stop this.' unquote. Thanks to the associated press, CNN has gained access to the local news footage of the event, which we're going to play for you now. We must advise you that some of the footage is graphic, and that if you have small children, you may wish to have them leave the room now."

The footage began - and mostly unedited footage this time - playing from the beginning to the arrival of the New X-Men and the beginning of the battle. When it concluded, the camera cut back to Anderson Cooper, his expression grim.

"Here to discuss both sides of the issue, we have Patricia Tilby, journalist, reporter for WNBC, and long time supporter of peaceful human-mutant coexistence, and Desmond Creed, son of the late Graydon Creed and current head of the human advocacy group, 'Friends of Humanity.' Trish, Desmond, thank you for appearing on the show."

"Pleasure to be here, Anderson," Patricia said, echoed a moment later by Desmond's, "Thank you for having me."



* * *



"Heya Cap," Ben called as he hopped down from his seat in the Fantastic Four's inexplicably open topped, compartmented private transport.

Captain America nodded. "Captain Grimm," he replied.

Johnny laughed at that, hopping down from the plane himself.

"C'mon, Cap, yer making me blush."

Sue and Reed disembarked next, and Captain America smiled. "Sorry, Ben." He looked to the others. "Tony's upstairs with the X-Men, but I thought I should come down here to meet you in person. You've seen the news, I take it?"

"Some of it," Reed replied. "I don't think they've decided what narrative they're going to advance yet."

"Well, things are serious. Anti-mutant sentiment has been on the rise for some time now, and Maria thinks that if S.H.I.E.L.D. makes an example now, it will do a lot to calm things down."

Reed nodded at that. They whole group began to head up towards the upper levels where Tony and the X-Men waited.

"Right. But what do you think?" Ben asked.



* * *



"... come now, our reputation is entirely undeserved, I assure you," Desmond Creed said, looking straight into the camera, his face the very picture of sincerity. "The Friends of Humanity are not anti-mutant. We are simply pro-human. We do not and have never opposed the proposition that all men are entitled to equal rights under the law; what we oppose is this notion advanced by Ms. Tilby and others that mutants somehow deserve special rights."

"Is the right to privacy a special right, Mr. Creed? Is our protection against unreasonable searches and seizures a special right? The right to due process? Freedom of religion, speech, and the press? The right to assemble and petition the government for the redress of grievances?" Trish shook her head. "Let's not mince words, Mr. Creed. Your organization has a long and storied history of hate crimes against mutants..."

"Unsubstantiated rumors, Ms. Tilby," Creed interrupted.

"...and while you may think that the American people have forgotten," Patricia said, not stopping for Desmond's comment, "I assure you that we have not."

"You speak of the rights guaranteed to us in the Bill of Rights, which our founding fathers passed down to us, yet the fact remains that in this case, a band of mutants launched a savage attack on a peaceful gathering of individuals engaged in the exercise of their inalienable right to freedom of speech and of religion."

"In all fairness, Mr. Creed," Anderson broke in, "Reverend Stryker was clearly instigating his riot long before the group of mutants arrived, and based on what we could see in the recordings retrieved from local news sources and the Associated Press, he and his initiated the violence."

"They were provoked, Anderson," Desmond replied. "The manner of this 'Power Girl's' arrival was clearly intended to elicit exactly the sort of response that it did. Reverend Stryker and his followers are the victim of a deliberate attempt by agents of the mutant agenda to provoke them into intemperate action on a national stage. But even if you set that aside, consider the abilities of those mutants seen on the tape. Can there be any doubt that these children, these... teenagers, are every bit as dangerous as any military weapon system? This once again underlines just how badly we need that piece of legislation which congress still, irresponsibly, refuses to bring to the floor of either the House or the Senate: the Mutant Registration Act. We MUST know who these people are, where they are, how far their genetic influence extends, and most importantly, what they can do. The safety of America demands no less."

"Unfortunately," Anderson began, looking at the time remaining for his segment, "We'll have to leave it there..."

"Speaking of the extent of genetic influence," Tricia said, "Should you not be on such a list yourself, Mr. Creed? Who knows what powers your children might manifest thanks to your grandfather's genes? Individuals similar to the mutant terrorist known as 'Sabertooth' could prove to be quite dangerous, could they not?"

Desmond Creed's face visibly reddened with anger. "My family's personal history has no relevance to this debate, Ms. Tilby!" he said, maintaining his calm by a hairsbreadth. "Were you not speaking just moments ago of the right to privacy?"

Anderson shot Tricia a warning look.

Tricia, not looking contrite in the least, smiled. "Sorry, Anderson. I was just curious. If Mr. Creed is willing to advance as discredited and unpopular an idea as the old turnip-ghost Mutant Registration Act, he should be willing to consider what impact it might have on his own family. As should we all."

"And we'll leave it there," Anderson said, and the camera faded out.



* * *



It's funny how you never seem to read about just how boring it is to be strapped down on a table with your powers negated and totally helpless while other people decided your fate. Even worse, Karen kind of had to go to the bathroom, and her nose was itching like nobody's business.

"... um... hello?" she called.

"You could always use your freezing breath to break free if it's that bad, you know."

Karen glanced towards Kara, whose ghostly image was standing just to the left of the table. 'I'm trying NOT to convince them that I'm some horrible supervillain.'

"Just saying."

Karen didn't reply.

Silence.

The door opened without warning, startling Karen on her table: she jerked against her restraints. A moment later, Emma Frost and a guy in a red and blue spider costume with a 'web' motif and a spider design on his chest came walking into the room. The spider guy stopped at the door.

"... Hi." Karen managed.

Emma looked down at her. "We are not amused," she said coldly.

"... yeah..."

"I would ask you to explain yourself," Emma said, "But I believe I have gathered the necessary information."

Karen felt a stab of anger at that. She was starting to really dislike telepathy. Not that she'd ever say that out loud.  not that it mattered. Emma knew. Stupid telepathy.

"Spiderman is going to release you, and then we are going to go and talk this over with the Avengers. Before that happens, I am going to put a kind of temporary mental block in place to prevent you from accidentally destroying half the building on the way to the meeting room. It will not prevent you from intentionally utilizing your strength; it will simply alter your perception of how much strength you are applying at any given time. If you object, I will induce paralysis instead. I will also cause you to vomit uncontrollably any time you hear the word 'practicable.' I trust you do not object?"

Karen shook her head.

"Good."

Emma Frost, Karen decided, was kind of terrifying.



* * *



Ten minutes later, they were gathered around a large meeting: Captain American, Iron Man. Miss Marvel. Spider Man. Scott Summers. Emma Frost. Kitty Pryde. Piotr 'Peter' Rasputin. Logan. Hank McCoy. Benjamin Grimm. Reed Richards. Susan Richards. Johnny Storm. Also present was Karen Starr - the instigator - and Noriko Ashida, leader of the team of mutants who had come to Karen's rescue.

The X-Men had met with their students. Had come to the meeting room. Had sat down with the Avengers and the Fantastic Four. Now they just had to work through this mess. And not let it devolve into violence.

Watching Wolverine clench and unclench his fists every few seconds, Karen was sure they were all doomed.

"I think it's time we laid our cards out on the table," Captain America said.

Iron Man nodded, and then turned to Karen. "We know what you are, Ms. Starr. We know that you're a Kryptonian. We know what your kind is capable of. What we don't know is how you got here, and how she got here." He opened his hand, projecting a holographic image of Divine as she had looked during the battle at the amphitheater. "I see from some of your faces that this comes as a surprise to some of you."

"Careful," Kara said, her voice barely more than a whisper in Karen's ear, "I don't think you want to piss these people off."

'Little late for that.'

"Any more than you already have."

'Right.'

"This is not the first time the Avengers have encountered a Kryptonian," Captain America said. A handful of assistants began passing out dossiers. "The file you're now receiving is an account of our previous encounter with a member of this species, a native to a parallel Earth who calls himself 'Superman.'

Kara's eyes went wide. "They know about...?" She could hardly ask the question. "Xander, if they've met Kal, then it's possible that they might know a way to..." she trailed off again, her voice thick with emotion. "I could go home."

Karen felt a stab of homesickness go through her, then. It all came rushing back all at once. Home. Willow. Giles. Buffy.  God, she even missed CORDELIA, of all people. Emma had told her in no uncertain terms that she was not to tell these people that she and Kara were distinct personalities, and that made her nervous, too. Something must have shown on her face, because a moment later, Captain America said, "So you've heard of him."

Karen nodded. She hesitated, but at Kara's approving nod, she said, "... He's my cousin. Sort of."



* * *



"... and our moment of Geek tonight comes with the assistance of Bill Nye, better known as Bill Nye the Science Guy. Mr. Nye, thank you so much for agreeing to appear on the show."

Bill smiled. "Thank you, Rachel. Always happy to help."

Rachel nodded. "In light of recent events, Mr. Nye, I thought you might address the question of alien life, and what Power Girl's apparent claim means for the world of science."

"It's interesting. She's not the first human-like alien that humanity has encountered, of course, but her claim of extraterrestrial origin, if true, would add another data point to what is in recent years become the fastest growing field of science: Xenobiology. The first thing your viewers should keep in mind is that while there's no particular reason why an alien species would look humanoid, there is a perfectly good rationale for why a few of them might. It's called convergence. It's what happens when you take two creatures with body plans that are at least somewhat similar and introduce them to an environment that selects for a particular niche or function. It's how we can end up with things like Tasmanian tigers and grey wolves - two animals that come from distinctly different branches of the genetic tree, but look reasonably similar if you don't look too closely at the individual details, and fill the same niche within their respective ecosystems. Now, before we'd made contact with alien species, we'd never seen an example of convergent evolution between completely distinct and isolated forms of life..."



* * *



"While I might be inclined to simply return Karen to her native dimension and wash my hands of her," Iron Man said, "The only means by which we have ever traveled to that particular world is no longer accessible to us."

"I love you, too, Scrap Dude," Karen said.

He was glaring at her again. She was sure of it.

"Xander!" Kara hissed warningly. And then she said, "Ask him how he knows it's actually my native dimension, and not just one that's closely related."

Karen did, and Reed was the one who answered: "I could run a few tests if I had access to the dimension in question. We would need to ensure that the unique dimensional frequencies of both Karen and the reality you encountered were an exact match. This is... quite fascinating. The Avengers and this... Justice League of America ultimately worked together to defeat this cosmic entity 'Krona' and foil his attempt to destroy both universes...?"

"We can read it just fine ourselves," Logan snapped irritably.

"And your means of transport to this other universe was," Beast looked down at the page, then back up at Iron Man. "Mjollnir?"

Iron Man nodded.

"How regrettable that the weapon of the thunder god is unavailable for our use," Beast said.

Reed Richards kept his face very carefully blank.

"Actually," Ben said, "It's in Oklahoma. But that don't matter, cause none of us can even pick it up."

Karen stared. "... Oklahoma?" she mouthed.

"Unfortunately," Iron Man said, "none of that addresses what actually happened." He looked at Karen. "You may not have intended it, but your actions have put us all in a very difficult position. The claim of attempted assassination you made has proven particularly controversial. People are up in arms. They're calling you delusional, and a liar. I suppose the X-Men have no direct evidence of criminal behavior on Stryker's part? Nothing other than the word of your telepaths?"

Every X-Man save Emma looked distinctly uncomfortable.

"Karen," Emma began, "Where DID you leave that journal?"

All eyes went to Karen.

"What journal?" Iron Man asked.

Karen flushed. Kara spoke, and Karen repeated after her, though only Emma could hear that she was being given the words to say: "The journal of Matthew Risman, the professional assassin that works for Stryker. The one where he details his experience working for Stryker, and the jobs he's done, and talks about how he used to feel guilty about what he did, before Stryker gave him clarity and showed him the path to the Lord. The one I hid next to the Balanced Rock before I went to confront Stryker."

Everyone in the room save Emma stared at Karen in surprise.

Emma looked like the cat that had caught the canary. "Provided that my student can produce this journal, I trust there will be no need to allow S.H.I.E.L.D. to make an example of her?"

Iron Man grimaced behind his mask, and Karen saw it - x-ray vision was really starting to freak her out, and she didn't dare look at Miss Frost for fear that she would immediately know that Karen could see right through her clothes, and do something about it.

'Your fear is entirely justified, child,' came Emma's voice in her thoughts. Karen tried very hard not to shudder.

"I don't know if I can..." Iron Man began.

"Tony, that's enough," Captain America said, with just a hint of disapproval.

Iron Man matched gazes with the Captain for a long moment. And then he looked down. "Fine."

"What we should be discussing," Emma continued, "Is Karen's sister." She gestured to the image that still floated above the table. "Divine."

All eyes went to Karen once more, and she felt extremely awkward. 'Little help here?' she thought.

"Seriously? You can't make something up?"

'I suck at improvisation!'

"Well I suck at lying!"

'Think of something!'

"... Ok, I think I have something..."

Karen looked down. Kara began to speak her lie, and Karen repeated it for the benefit of everyone who wasn't Emma Frost. A lie that was primarily true. "... She wasn't always like this," she said. And that was true - she'd formerly been a genetic sample taken without Kara's knowledge, not an evil clone. "A man from my world by the name of Maxwell Lord took control of her with his power. He's what's called a mental dominant; he's got a very specialized form of telepathy that allows him to..."

Johnny grimaced. "Control other people's minds?"

Karen nodded. "He's very, very powerful. He's able to control minds on a global scale: he forced everyone in the world to forget that he had ever existed. His control is subtle, too. He doesn't so much force you to do something as he introduces a set of facts into the equation that completely change your behavior. He doesn't operate you like a puppet - he pushes, and... your friends are discussing dinner options, and you hear it as a discussion of plans for conquest, and when they protest their innocence, you hear further grandiose boasts. Or someone is eating a chicken dinner, and you see them eating a baby, or..." She trailed off, shuddering. "I don't know what his plans were for Divine, but when I was pulled through, we were fighting, and I think she must have been pulled through with me. But I didn't know she was here until she showed up earlier today."

Sue frowned. "Are you aware of any reliable means of detecting whether or not someone is under his influence?"

Karen shook her head. "I'm not exactly an expert on the telepathic side of things."

"So," Iron Man said, sounding more than a little displeased. "We have an extremely powerful, extremely lethal being who draws power from sunlight operating under the mental control of a villain from another dimension. Is that what you're telling me?"

Karen winced. "Well, when you put it like that..."



* * *



In the end, there was little they could do but adopt an attitude of 'wait and see.' Aside from Karen herself, there were two people that Captain America and Iron Man were reasonably sure could deal with Divine: Thor and Sentry.  and Thor was missing, and Sentry was becoming both increasingly unstable and increasingly unreliable. So it was that Karen and the New X-Men were at last returned to the grounds of the Xavier Institute for Higher Learning. Officially, they were all under house arrest until such time as they were cleared of any wrong-doing. Unofficially, with the journal now in the hands of the Avengers, things were looking as good as could be expected.

The National Guard had come in force to the town of North Salem. A town with a population of a little over five thousand people had been completely overwhelmed by Stryker's followers even before they started rioting, but now...

There was no movement on the streets save soldiers when the Blackbird flew over head. It looked as though half the town had been looted. National Guard blockades were a regular feature, and traffic was still being diverted around the area. Outside the gates to the Xavier mansion, a diminished but still significant crowd remained, chanting anti-mutant slogans and facing off against a line of troops from both the National Guard and the Office of National Emergency.

The road leading to the school bore signs of recent conflict.

"... you guys came to get us even though THIS was happening?" Noriko asked incredulously.

Scott nodded. "Not before recalling every available X-Man from around the world, but yes."

"Why?"

Scott met Noriko's gaze.

"... Oh."

Nothing more was said, save that which needed no words to express.

As she walked through the front door, Karen stretched a bit and sighed. "... be it ever so humble," she murmured, with just a touch of bitterness and sarcasm coming through..

"There's no place like home," Noriko finished, and meant it.



* * *



Morning broke. A new day. A new chance. Risman's journal hadn't been recovered in time for the previous day's news cycle, but it was headline news today. Divine had only just finished reading it, in fact. Huh. Son of a bitch allegedly was hiring assassins to assassinate mutants and their supporters. Risman had been arrested late last night, and the FBI was going to be taking Stryker into custody as soon as he was released from the hospital.

She set the paper down.

The police were looking for her after yesterday's events. But so were plenty of people. About now, she was beyond caring. She'd spent the evening after the fight in space, exposing herself to the direct effects of the solar wind. If she was going to have to deal with Power Girl, she needed to be at full strength. Now she was.

She had robbed a few dozen homes at around three A.M. this morning. Not something Max would be proud of, but Divine was determined to do whatever she had to in order to get back to him. She still had a purpose to serve in the other world. Humans spent their lives in doubt and fear, often lying to themselves, inventing a purpose to their lives, desperately wanting to believe that it wasn't all just some accident. That it all had some meaning. And unlike the majority of the stinking mass of humanity, Divine did not have to wonder, did not have to fear, did not have to make up any sort of story: she knew exactly what her purpose was.

Maxwell Lord had created her to stop the war before it could begin. The war between humanity and the metahumans. The war which was coming as surely as the sunrise. A war which she could hardly prevent while stuck in this miserable, backwards, worthless reality. That Power Girl was stuck here as well was infuriating. She'd acted irrationally. Reacted on instinct. Gone into battle against Power Girl and her allies and that surprisingly resilient robot without considering whether or not it was really in Max's best interests.

It had taken some doing, some asking of questions, some following of leads. It wasn't something Max had really prepared her for. It was... frustrating.

The newspaper burst into flames on the bench beside her. Damn. She needed to be more careful about that heat vision. It was so easy to let it get out of control. So very... easy.

A man in a business suit sat down on the bench next to her, newspaper in hand.

She gave him a look. For a moment, she thought about how easy it would be to tear him limb from limb. Or burn him to ash. Or freeze him. Hell, she could always lob him out into space. That trick was always good for a laugh.

 no. He was a human. Unless he gave her a reason to kill him...

"You've been a busy bee," he said. "You're in the newspaper and everything."

She looked up. He wasn't looking at her. He was looking at the blurry photo of her fighting Power Girl at that damned amphitheater the other day. She'd changed her clothing since then. Street clothes. Black leather pants. Red tanktop. Thin, black jacket. "Excuse me?"

"Relax. I'm here to make an offer. Nothing more."

Her eyes narrowed. "All right. Talk."

"Young lady like you's got needs, am I right? Interests? Things that she wants?"

"Keep talking."

"My employer is prepared to provide those things. Wealth. Power. Men. Women, if that's more your style. Maybe even a way home, if we both play our cards right."

Divine's interest began to fade the moment the man went into his list, but at the words 'a way home,' he had her full and undivided attention. "What do you know about me?"

"We know that you are not, as they say, 'from around here.' If going home is all you want, well, we're prepared to assist you."

"For a price."

"Nothing's free, kid. Not even salvation."

"How do I know you're not just some crazy bastard who gets off on bullshit?"

The man laughed. "You don't."

Divine almost put a fist through his head right then and there. Almost. "If I decide to cooperate, and I find out you're just jerking me around? I'm going to kill you and everyone you work for, and there's nothing you can do to stop me. We clear?"

"Crystal."

She fell silent.

He placed a business card with something hand written on it onto the park bench. "Give it some thought. If you decide you want to cooperate, go to this address. We'll contact you within a week or two of your arrival there."

Divine looked down at the card. An address. Some place in a city called Stamford, Connecticut. The man rose to his feet.

She watched as he walked away. New York bustled around her. The sun shone on her face.

She clenched her fist.

End Chapter 08

Next: Like the song says, 'we don't need no civil war'

This time, things go more than a little differently...





*Chapter 9*: Identity Issues


			Smoke still rose from North Salem, but the riot had, for the most part, begun to peter out. A vastly diminished crowd still chanted anti-mutant slogans outside of the Xavier Institute's front gates. The towering shapes of four Sentinels stood just inside the gates.

Funny how giant robots armed with weaponry straight out of a science fiction novel can break a crowd's will to storm a building.

Aircraft had been arriving at the school for most of the evening. Some government. Some private. Most carrying mutants. Already the mutant population at the school had topped five hundred. About twenty of those were students. Another twenty were prospective students. Another dozen were X-Men and former X-Men who had made it through the Decimation with powers intact, recalled from their various positions around the world.

The children of Charles Xavier's dream were coming home.

The Blackbird had only just landed. Karen and the other New X-Men had been uncharacteristically silent on the trip back from Stark Tower. Perhaps the scolding they had received had something to do with that.

"Of all the irresponsible..."

"Were you even thinking?"

"It may have been the right thing to do, Noriko, but it certainly doesn't help any of us!"

"Hey, back off! Karen saved Laurie's life! You think we were going to leave her to face Stryker alone? We're a team, and we don't abandon our own! We'll take whatever punishment you want to give us, but we did the right thing, and that's all there is to it."

Now, Karen was walking back to 'the dorm' level. The rest of her team was walking with her.

"Why didn't you tell us you weren't a mutant?" Cessily asked.

Karen looked down. "... I figured since this place is mutants only..."

"There have been alien students in the past," Cessily said. "You guys remember Warlock, right?"

The others nodded.

"I didn't want..."

Julian glared at Karen. "I get it. You didn't want us to kick the shit out of you for not being a mutant. So instead, maybe we'll kick the shit out of you for lying to us."

"Hellion..." Noriko began.

"I'm not breaking ranks in front of the teachers, Nori," Julian said, "Like you said, we're a team. But that doesn't mean I'm not pissed as all hell. Not just about the lie. Mr. Summers is right: we made things way the hell worse for mutants tonight. What are we supposed to do now?"

Rockslide nodded in agreement.

Karen couldn't meet anyone else's gaze. "Would it help if I said I was sorry?" she asked.

"It might," Julian replied. "Why don't you give it a try, and we can find out."

Karen could feel her anger rising. Her body language became completely closed off. "Up yours, Julian," she snapped, and then stormed off ahead of the rest of the group.

"Karen, wait!" Cessily called, reaching out as if to call her back.

Karen kept right on going.

"Nicely handled," Kara said in Karen's head as she stormed away, leaving her team staring at her retreating back. "I think you've got a real future as a diplomat."

"Shut the hell up, Kara," Karen hissed.



* * *



A New World in my View

by P.H. Wise

A Power Girl Crossover Fanfic

Chapter 09: Identity Issues

Disclaimer: The DC Universe and its associated characters is the property of DC comics. The Marvel Universe and its associated characters is the property of Marvel Entertainment LLC. Buffy the Vampire Slayer is Joss Whedon's baby.



* * *



Kara Zor-L woke with the dawn. The curtains were drawn, and Noriko was still asleep. She stretched in her bed, savoring the feeling of her sheets, her blanket, the mattress beneath her. It was good. Especially after the unpleasantness last night. It was all... good.

She rose to her feet, her hair still mussed from sleep, and walked into the bathroom, rubbing absently at her eyes. For a long moment, she considered her reflection in the mirror. Wow. Bed-head aside, she was really starting to need a haircut. It was the day after her confrontation with Stryker. Almost two months since she'd arrived here. Almost two months of unchecked hair growth. Half an inch? An inch? She wasn't sure. It was looking shaggy, though. She'd have to look into getting some enchanted scissors. Looking in the mirror still kind of weirded her: before she'd come here, her body had been the body of a woman in her early twenties. After she'd arrived, her body had been the body of a seventeen year old. Every now and again, she'd get one of those sudden surges of teenaged hormones, and... well, she was just glad she wasn't breaking out in pimples.

As she had every morning since her arrival at the Xavier Institute, she stripped out of her pajamas, turned on the shower, and stepped into the stream of hot water. She savored it. The hot water on her skin. The motions of her fingers as she washed her hair. As she rinsed it. As she scrubbed herself with soap. Xander, she decided, was an idiot. He didn't need to tell everyone his deepest darkest secrets, but... yeah. Some of that was her fault, though. She admitted that. She'd thrown a huge wrench into things by going after Stryker like that. But even so...

She sighed.

Then there was the strangest feeling, then, like something was passing through her. '... Oh God... Xander?' And then...

Xander Harris came to awareness suddenly standing in the shower, hot water streaming over her - or rather, Power Girl's - body. "... What the hell?" she asked.

Kara, now in ghostly form, looked concerned. "... OK, that was..."

Kara gasped, once again in control of her body, sensation returning with all its full force and vigor. And then she was standing next to her body once more, with Xander behind the wheel. "... Weird."

They exchanged worried glances, last night's argument all but forgotten in the face of what was, to them, a far more pressing problem.

"... We'd better talk to Miss Frost," they said in unison.



* * *



Emma Frost's Office

Xavier Institute for Higher Learning

"I see," Emma said. She was seated behind her desk, Karen pacing back and forth on the carpet in front of it.

"You see?" Karen asked. "What do you mean, 'you see?'" There was a note of panic in her voice.

"Would you like my honest assessment of your situation?"

"... Not really, no."

Emma smiled thinly. "Very well. I know exactly what's wrong with you, and fixing it will be easy."

"Great," Karen replied sarcastically.

"Xander, calm down," Kara said. "We'll figure this out, we just have to..."

"Calm down?" Karen all but shrieked, interrupting Kara. "CALM DOWN? I'M RANDOMLY LOSING CONTROL OF MY BODY, HALF THE TEAM HATES ME NOW, AND YOU WANT ME..." her sentence ended abruptly as Kara suddenly found herself in control of her body again, experiencing the full effects of her body's emotional, adrenal spike. She took deep, regular breaths and counted to ten.

Xander fell back into control of a significantly calmed body. "Damnit," she muttered.

"My body, Xander," Kara said.

"What?"

"It's my body, not yours." She looked to Emma. "Is there anything you can do?"

Emma Frost raised an eyebrow. "Is there anything you want me to do?" she asked.

Kara sighed. "... We... I don't know. If we could find a way to return Xander to his real body somehow, or maybe clone a body for him..."

Karen blinked. "... wait, you can do that?"

"I can do that," said a voice from behind Karen. Her adrenaline spiked. She jumped, whirled, stared.

Stephen Strange stood in the doorway of Emma Frost's office, leaning against his staff.

"Hello, Stephen," Emma said, her tone a cordial one. "Thank you for agreeing to meet with me on such short notice."

Doctor Strange nodded, glancing towards Karen for a moment as he spoke. "Karen Starr has made friends since she arrived in this dimension. It appears she is lucky to count Benjamin Grimm amongst them."

Karen stared for a moment, not sure what to make of that. Ben had something to do with Mr. Strange being here? And Emma had sent for him? Or asked Ben to? Doctor Strange knew she and Kara weren't the same person?  Was that good or bad? She exchanged glances with Kara before looking nervously towards the good doctor. "... Er. Hi." She looked Emma's way questioningly.

"He knows, Xander," Emma said.

Karen - Xander - let out a sigh, and a good half of it was relief. "OK. OK. I can deal. Look at me dealing." She turned to Doctor Strange. "How much do you know?"

"A good portion," Stephen replied, shutting the door carefully behind him before walking across the room to have a seat in front of Emma's desk, leaving the other chair for Xander. "But I'd like to hear it in your own words, if you don't mind."

Xander sat down. "... Right." And she told him. Told him about his life in Sunnydale. The Hellmouth. The Slayer. Vampires. Demons. His bet with Cordelia. The costume from 'Ethan's Costume Shop' that she'd made him wear. How that costume had come from a character whose comic he'd actually liked and read. Doctor Strange interrupted only twice to ask clarifying questions: first about the Hellmouth, and second about Ethan's costume shop. And then Xander told him about arriving here. A bright light, and then she was falling from the sky above Manhattan.

Kara went next, describing her life, her friends. Terra. Her position as chairperson of the Justice Society of America. Her company, Starrware Industries. The events that had led up to her trip to the antarctic. Finding the underground facility. The fight with Divine. The tear in the world that swallowed them both. And then...

"I woke up in Sunnydale."

Xander's eyes widened. "You WHAT?"

Kara looked away.

"And you waited till now to tell me, why exactly?"

Kara didn't meet Xander's gaze. "At first because I didn't know you. Or anything about you. Or even that you had any connection to the place that I woke up."

"And later?"

"I'm sorry, Xander," Kara said. "I should have told you."

Xander's glare did not fade in the slightest.

Doctor Strange gestured for her to go on. She did.

"I was surrounded by child-sized monsters, and they attacked, but I managed to defeat them without seriously injuring any of them. Then I went up into the air to see what I could..." she trailed off, and then tried again: "I could hear... Rao, it seemed like the entire town was screaming for help. I started rescuing people. Getting them out of harm's way. There was an incorporeal girl with red-hair who said that everyone had been turned into their costumes." She smiled faintly. "She was surprised to see me. I guess I know why she was so amused, now..." A pause. "She helped. Gathered up allies. Rescued one girl named Buffy who'd gone as a noblewoman, and another named Cordelia, who hadn't turned into her costume." Kara looked Xander's way. "Her name was Willow."

Despite her anger, Xander smiled fondly at that. "That's my Will," she murmured.

"Rupert Giles was the one who figured it out. That the costumes were the key. Something about Ethan worshiping a god named Janus. I don't know what he did to undo it. He'd said I would end up back home when the spell ended. But one minute I was using my heat vision to fry a whole mess of vampires, the next... I don't know. I think I dreamed for a while. Then I woke up outside that homeless shelter." She looked to Doctor Strange. "Does that help you, Doctor?"

Strange nodded. "I believe it does. At the very least, it gives me a place to start. Janus..." he trailed off, looking thoughtful. "I am a busy man, Mr. Harris. My position does not leave me very much free time, but I will return when I have found something." He rose to his feet. "Mr. Harris. Miss Zor-L." He looked to Emma. "Ms. Frost." Without waiting for anything that might be interpreted as permission, he vanished in a swirl of smoke.

Silence descended in the office.

"... He seemed nice," Kara said.

Silence continued. And then Emma spoke up. "If there's nothing else, Miss Starr, I'd like my office back."

And as quickly as that, Xander became Karen once more, and she flushed, and rose to her feet, and walked out of the office, her cheeks burning.



* * *



The day turned out a long, warm, lazy summer day. A day for napping in the shade. A day for afternoon picnics in the park. A day for children, tree-forts, and adventures while adults fanned themselves in the shade of a back porch, with the promise of ice-cold lemonade flavored with sugar and nostalgia in equal parts. Naturally, Karen spent it trudging off by herself into the hedge maze on the grounds of the Xavier estate, trying to avoid everyone she knew: herself most of all.

Things were finally settling down into something resembling normality at the school. The X-Men had circled the wagons, calling in their people from across the world. They were even going to start classes for the remaining students. A schedule had been posted. Workshops with various faculty. Meetings with advisors.

Kara hadn't made herself known since the meeting in Emma's office, and Karen figured it was just as well; she didn't particularly want to hear from the girl at the moment. So she walked, wandering through the maze. She could have flown, but that would have defeated the purpose: Karen wanted to be lost, and for a while, she was. It was... nice. The air was close in here, but not unpleasantly so. It smelled of grass, and of earth, and of growing things. She could hear birdsong drifting in from far away, and she smiled.

She rounded a corner and came to the center of the maze. To her great disappointment, she was not alone: Noriko and David had apparently decided to take advantage of the day, and were seated on a bench on the far side of the center clearing, Noriko resting contentedly in his arms, their clothing mussed. David saw her first, and looked up. When he tensed, Nori noticed as well, and rose to her feet, looking embarrassed. "Oh," she said. "Uh... hey, Karen."

"... Hey," Karen said, feeling awkward.

David was on his feet, then, and now he was embarrassed as well. "I'd better get back," he said. "I have a project I'm working on for Professor McCoy."

"I'll go with you," Nori said, but David gave her a look, and then she sighed. "Fine."

He headed off through the maze.

"I'm guessing you've got one of those 'I don't want to talk to you but I want to talk to you' situations," Karen said.

Nori smiled a ghost of a smile. "That obvious, huh?"

Karen shrugged.

"... the conversation last night ended badly," Nori began.

Karen folded her arms under her breasts, body language closed off.

"You have to know that we've got your back, Karen. Hell, we came to rescue you, didn't we?"

"Did I need rescuing?" Karen asked.

Nori gave Karen a look. "Sure, make this difficult, why don't you?  I... Julian did have a point, though. If you tell him I said that, I'll deny it, but he did. We've had alien team members before. Why did you lie?"

"What, like you've proven yourself to be able to keep a secret?" Karen asked, her tone angry - angrier than Nori expected, from her sudden defensive posture.

"What? When have I ever told one of your secrets?"

"Are you serious? People STILL sing that stupid John Denver song at me when they see me, little miss," she did a mocking imitation of Nori's voice, "'her power is totally to orgasm whenever she's exposed to sunlight!' You see why there might be some trust issues here?"

Noriko looked pained. "... Yeah... about that..."

Karen waited.

"I'm really sor..."

"Well, well," came a new voice - a harsh, male voice - from the far side of the clearing. "What have we here?"

"Looks like a pair of X-brats wandering a little far from home," said a second. Karen and Noriko turned. Toad and Erg stood at the far entrance to the clearing, each looking enormously pleased with himself.

"You want something, Goggles?" Karen asked, an eyebrow raised.

Toad smirked. "Maybe I do," he said, moving forward. "Maybe I want to teach a pair of X-brats that they aren't the be all end all."

"Fucking over-privileged X-bitches," Erg muttered.

"Yes, that too," Toad agreed. He returned his attention to the two girls. "Or maybe I just want to appreciate the sight of two extremely attractive young bitches," he said. He was about to go on with another menacing statement.

"Try the pound," Karen quipped, interrupting whatever he'd been about to say. Noriko didn't quite laugh at that, but she came close.

"Funny." Toad said. "Maybe not so funny after we've beaten that pretty face in."

"You really don't want to mess with us right now," Noriko said.

"I don't know," Erg said, "I think we might." He raised his eyepatch, sending a brilliant blast of lightning at the pair.

Noriko sidestepped, moving faster than she had any right to. Karen took the lightning on the chin, and if it hurt her, she made no sign of it. Nori dodged a second blast, and returned one of her own.

Toad leaped into the air, his tongue lashing out lightning quick towards Karen. It wrapped around her neck, acidic saliva dripping its way down it, reddening her skin slightly. He used his tongue to reel himself in towards her.

Without thinking, Karen punched him in the stomach.

 her fist came out the other side.

Erg and Noriko stopped in their tracks, staring as Toad's tongue went slack and he collapsed to the ground in a heap, bleeding out.

Dying.

Karen staggered backwards, her arm sheathed in blood, a sick horror rising up from her belly. "... I... I didn't mean to..."

"You killed him!" Erg screamed. "You stupid bitch, you killed him!"

Karen shook her head in denial. "No... no... no, no, no..."

"Karen," Noriko said, "Karen, stay with me. You have to take him to Josh! He can help, but you have to take him right now!"

Karen's gaze cleared. "I... right." She scooped him up. "Josh," she muttered. One moment she was there. The next, not. A sonic boom erupted into the heart of the hedge-maze. Toad was bleeding out. A trail of little droplets followed her path as she blazed a trail through the mansion, shattering several windows, breaking through three doors before she finally found the target of her search: Josh Foley.

He was in the cafeteria. A dozen other students were present. His eyes widened in shock as she blurred into the space in front of him and abruptly stopped, carrying the dying mutant.

"Please," Karen said. "Can you save him?" There was a note of desperation in her voice. That awful, bubbling dread was growing.

Josh stepped forward. "I can," he said. "I can. You got him to me in time." And with those words, Karen felt the weight of dread lift from her shoulders. Josh placed his hands on Toad's chest, and the horrific hole in his stomach began to close. When it was gone, he stepped back.

The doors swung open, and Scott Summers rushed in with the newly arrived Ororo Munroe only a few steps behind. They came upon Karen, covered in blood, holding the equally bloody if unconscious Mortimer Toynbee, and a huge pool of blood on the floor around them, surrounded by students.

"Toad?" Ororo asked, surprised at his presence.

Scott was not amused. "What, exactly, is going on here?" he said.

Dead silence.

Scott assessed the situation, took in every detail. Made his decision."Take him to medical," he said. "And then meet me in my office. NOW, Miss Starr."

Karen did as she was told. "... I'm pretty sure I said I was done being the universe's butt-monkey," she muttered as she left the cafeteria.

The universe did not reply.



* * *



Karen shut the door behind her as she left Scott Summers' office, feeling completely humiliated. He had not been sparing in his criticism of what he saw, perhaps rightly, as an out of control student, and he had explained in detail exactly how she was failing to live up to the very high expectations that they had of her. She'd been so much in shock over what happened that she'd done little more than sit there and take it. Now, as she left the office, she scrubbed at her eyes, trying to force away her tears before they could happen.

She wasn't going to cry, damnit.

She was still covered in blood. She desperately needed a shower. She made her way up towards her room.

Ten minutes later, Karen, clean again if not happy, collapsed onto her reinforced, oversized bed, and was lost to the world.

She didn't know how much later it was - hours, maybe - when a knock came at the door, startling her back into the world of awareness. She didn't respond to it.

Presently, the door opened, and the Stepford Cuckoos filed into the room.

"I'm really not in the mood for visitors right now," Karen muttered.

"Good," Irma replied. "Because we're not here to visit. We're here to offer you a way to control your powers."

Karen blinked. "... What?"

"It's simple," Phoebe said. "Kara knows how to control her powers. You don't. Not really. So we take that knowledge, and we copy it into your mind."

There was a long silence as that idea sank in. "... You can do that?" Karen asked incredulously.

"Not quite as easily as snapping our fingers," Irma said, "but yes, we can do that." The other two nodded in agreement.

Karen looked down. "... I guess people are talking, huh?"

Irma sat down next to Karen, put a hand on her shoulder. "You're not the first person to suffer from power-incontinence, Xander," she said gently.

Karen blinked. And then her eyes widened. And then she blushed deeply. "... do we really have to call it that?"

Irma rolled her eyes. "Do you want us to do this or not?"

"There's more to it than that," Kara said, appearing suddenly next to Celeste.

Karen gave Kara a sour look, not being particularly pleased to see her.

"Emma and I talked about this as an option," Kara went on. "It's not as simple as a copy/paste. A part of your mind would be overwritten by a part of mine. A small part, but still a part. We've got no way of knowing how it would affect you."

"You saw what happened today, didn't you?" Celeste asked.

Kara nodded. "... I saw."

"And?"

Kara looked away.

"Great," Karen said. "So the big decision comes down to the donut boy." Everyone looked at her. "... girl," she conceded. A pause. "... Let's just do this, OK? What do I have to do?"

"Take my hand," Irma said.

Karen looked at her, then. Really looked at her. Irma blushed beneath her stare. Karen took her hand.

"Open your mind, Xander," Irma murmured, leaning in close. "You're going to feel something a little weird. Try not to overreact." Almost immediately, there was the strangest sense of something... wriggling... in her thoughts. A presence joined her mind.

Irma. Celeste. Phoebe. They were in her thoughts, and they were...

Beautiful.

"All done," Irma announced suddenly.

Karen frowned. "I don't feel any different."

"Good," Kara said. "Let's hope that continues."

"Let's hope," Irma echoed with a smile. The girls rose to their feet, then. "Try something," Celeste said.

"Er... like what?"

Phoebe shrugged. "Hit the table. Don't break it."

Karen looked to the coffee table, then to her fist. She drew it back reluctantly, and then, after taking a deep breath, struck the table palm first. The slap of her palm impacting with the table rang loud in the room, but that was all.

Karen cried a little, and rubbed her eyes. "Thank you," she said, and meant it.

Irma brushed a tear from Karen's cheek. "Any time," she murmured.

And then the three girls were leaving. And the door shut behind them with a click.

Karen sat there for a good ten minutes, overwhelmed, nervous, afraid that maybe there would be consequences to this, but mostly just relieved. Then the sound of laughter from down the hall drew her out of her reverie. Kara was gone again. Gone to wherever she went when she wasn't talking. Probably just watching behind the eyes.

She stood up. Went to investigate. Left her room behind, wiping her eyes once more as she did so. The sound of voices was coming from... she wasn't sure what room that was, but it wasn't a dorm. She opened the door.

"Brava, David," Julian said loudly to general laughter as Karen walked into the dormitory level's sitting room on the dormitory level. "Brava."

Karen felt a stab of shame before she realized that the intended insult hadn't been directed at her; Julian, Cessily, David, and Laurie were gathered around a smooth wooden table playing a board game that Karen wasn't familiar with, and whatever David had just done, it had not been to Julian's advantage at all.

"It's funny because it's humiliating to be a woman," Cessily deadpanned.

"That's not exactly what I meant..." Julian tried to backpedal, provoking further laughter.

"So he just insulted all three of us," Laurie said, though she was smiling.

"Hey, it's totally insulting to have your gender misidentified!" Julian protested.

"Keep digging, Julian," David replied, shaking his head in bemusement. He noticed Karen, then. "Hey Karen," he called. "Want to join us?"

"Karen," Laurie echoed, smiling warmly at the sight of her, "Join in!"

Karen thought about it, thought about all the problems she'd had today, all the stress, all the bad feelings. All the times she'd lost her temper, or had someone angry at her in turn. The incident with Toad. Her terror that she might have killed someone - even a bully. The Cuckoos. Everything. And despite the unintentional embarrassment their banter had brought her, her fears that she'd alienated her new friends evaporated, and for a moment, the weight of her mistakes was lifted from her shoulders. She grinned. "Yeah," she said, "That'd be great."

She pulled up a chair and sat down, and the game - and the laughter and the camaraderie it brought with it - went on well into the evening.



* * *



Hope burns eternal in the human breast. So too in the Kryptonian's. The following morning found Divine, almost in spite of herself, floating in the air a few hundred feet above the address she'd been given in Stamford, Connecticut, watching. She'd sworn that she didn't need help. Didn't need anyone but Max.

The entire day spent in fruitless search, and most of the night. She hadn't even realized she'd arrived in Stamford until she was nearly upon the address she'd been given. And now, watching the four people in the home below, she was afraid to go in. Not because she thought they might be able to harm her.

She was afraid. And she hoped.

The descent to the front porch took more courage than she'd ever mustered in her short life. The sound of voices within. Friendly banter. She felt a sudden, awful sense of longing for... she wasn't sure what.

She knocked on the door.

The friendly voices ceased as if they had never been there.

She watched with her x-ray vision as the four occupants put on costumes and otherwise got into position.

Divine knocked again.

At last, a woman's voice called out, "Who is it?"

"I was told to come here," Divine said, her voice uncertain.

"Who told you?"

She held up the business card where it could be seen from the door's peephole.

A moment later, the door unlocked, then opened.

Then she was inside. Then she was recognized. "Hey," the guy with purple hair said, "You're that chick from the news."

"My name is Divine."

Silence. Then the man with the long white hair nodded. "Nitro," he said.

"Speedfreek," said the purple-haired man.

"Coldheart," said the woman who had spoken initially, even as she sheathed a pair of glowing swords.

"Cobalt Man," said the armored figure.

Divine smiled. "I'm happy to meet you all. I'm here for the meeting."

They seemed to know what that meant, each nodding in turn.

"Welcome to the club," Coldheart said, and smiled.

It wasn't Max. But it would do. For now.

End Chapter 09





*Chapter 10*: What We've Got Here


			"OK, how many super villains are we talking, Speedball?"

Namorita crouched in the bushes with the other New Warriors and their camera crew, observing the people moving about in the house. Nice place. Suburban neighborhood. Warm day. A little too warm for her tastes. It'd been hours since she'd been submerged in water.

"Three," Speedball said, his blonde hair flowing in the faux-wind created by his kinetic field. "No, wait. I think I see Coldheart in the backyard taking out the trash. That's four total, and all four are on the FBI's most-wanted list, right?"

Microbe and Night Thrasher were on either side of her. Good friends.

The voice of the producer for their reality show at the MRVL Network spoke in her earpiece. "Cobalt Man, Coldheart, Speedfreek, Nitro... yep, they all broke out of Ryker's three months back, and all of them have records as long as your arm. Coldheart fought Spider-Man a couple of times and - get this - Speedfreek almost took down the Hulk."

Namorita felt a thrill of fear at that. Seriously? Night Thrasher gave voice to her thoughts a moment later: "He what?"

"These guys are totally out of our league, man," Microbe said. "No way we should be going in there."

Speedball grinned. "But think about the ratings, Microbe. This could be the best episode of the entire second season. Six months we've been driving around the midwest looking for goofballs to fight, and the best we've managed so far was a bum with a spray can and a wooden leg. This could be the episode that really puts New Warriors on the map, dude. We beat these guys and people stop bitching about Nova leaving the show to go back into space."

Namorita nodded. That made sense. "So what's the plan?" she asked.

Speedball shot her a harsh look. "The plan is you spend five more minutes in makeup, Namorita. You think people wanna see that great big ugly zit on your chin?"

Her cheeks burned, and in that moment, utterly humiliated in front of the camera, Namorita hated Speedball just a little. The makeup people went to work on her chin.

"OK, now we..."

"Uh oh," Night Thrasher said, cutting Speedball short. "We've been marked."

Coldheart had spotted them. She raced into the house. "Everyone in costume!" she shouted, "It's a raid!"

"GO!" Speedball yelled. And they went. Speedball flung himself through the window, catching Speedfreek totally off guard, tackling him, taking him through the wall and into the front yard in a spray of debris. "I'd heard that clothes make the man, Speedfreek," he said, clearly posing for the camera as he delivered a powerful blow to the purple-haired man's jaw, "and in your case it's TOTALLY TRUE!"

Namorita and Night Thrasher ganged up on Coldheart, and Coldheart was not amused. Funny how she didn't look particularly villainous in her jogging outfit. Then she brought out her glowing swords, and Namorita reluctantly conceded that perhaps she was a credible threat after all.

"Wait a minute," Coldheart said, eyes narrowing suspiciously, "I know you guys. You're those idiots from that reality show! I'm not getting taken down by Goldfish-Girl and the Bondage Queen."

Namorita slipped inside her defenses and clocked her one, which made an opening for Night Thrasher: a kick to Coldheart's midsection sent her tumbling, swords falling from her grasp. "Can we cut the part where she called me the Bondage Queen?" Night Thrasher whined.

"Oh, yeah," Microbe replied from where he had just dealt with Cobalt-Man, "Because Night Thrasher sounds so much straigh..." He was cut off by Speedball's sudden appearance, coming flying out backwards through the house at high speed, sending out another spray of debris. He hit a tree and bounced off it with equal velocity.

"You think you can beat me with kinetic force?" he yelled as he flew back at whatever had hit him.

A gorgeous, stacked, black haired white girl flew through the hole Speedball had left in the house when he'd gone through and spiked him into the ground with a blow that would have pulped a normal human. Not Speedball. He bounced, soaring into the the air a thousand feet straight up before he started to come back down.

"...the hell is that?" Night Thrasher asked.

Namorita recognized her. The girl had been on the news a week back. She'd fought the X-Men and this weird pink robot thing to a standstill. "Everyone, get back! Get the hell back! She's out of our..."

"You think you can come here and hurt MY friends?" the girl all but shrieked.

"Divine..." Coldheart said, staring at the girl. "Get 'em!"

Namorita charged, flying at Divine. "Get clear!" she shouted, hoping to buy time for her team. Divine seized her by the wrist, pivoted, and threw her through the wooden fence that separated the yard from the next one over. Namorita had a brief impression of oncoming blue before she splashed down in a swimming pool. That was lucky! Now she'd be charged up. No way could this bitch take her charged up.

Namorita flew up out of the water and over the broken fence just in time to see Divine take a blow to the face from one of Night Thrasher's escrima sticks. He cried out in pain and dropped the stick. She was descending, about to punt the bitch away from her teammates.

Divine ducked under her kick, and Namorita plowed a trench from one side of the yard to the other. Then the Kryptonian caught a blast of pepper-spray to the face from Night Thrasher, and though she had gotten her hands up in time, she still screamed in agony. Namorita had only just recovered from her missed attack when Divine moved forward almost faster than even she could perceive, rip off Night Thrasher's leg as if his armor wasn't even there, and then throw the bloody limb at Microbe. Microbe screamed in horror, and frantically gestured, trying to force the germs in Divine's body to overwhelm her.

Namorita delivered a one-two full strength combo straight into Divine's midsection, sent her plowing back into the house, which collapsed on top of her with an awful roar.

Speedball landed. "FUCK!" he shouted.

Night Thrasher moaned, clutching at the bloody stump that was still spurting blood. "Oh, shit, oh shit, my leg... oh god..."

"We need to get paramedics here RIGHT FUCKING NOW," Speedball yelled, and the call went out.

Then the rubble shifted. All eyes went to it. "... oh hell," Namorita muttered, followed by a few choice curses in Atlantean.

Divine burst free from the wreckage of the collapsed house. "You stupid bastards," she said. "You're all gonna die here."

Microbe ran for it. Divine picked up a fallen brick and threw it at the back of his head with godlike force. There was a sick crack, and Microbe collapsed like a puppet whose strings had been cut.

Speedball zoomed forward, his kinetic field charged with every impact he'd taken thus far, and channeling all of that into a blow he was sure would crush this enemy. She was ready for his blow: she took it on the chin, and though the blow blasted her backwards, she did not lose her footing. "Immune to kinetic impact, huh? Let's see how you do against heat." Her eyes flashed red, and she fired off a massive beam of coherent red light. Speedball vanished in the blast, and when it faded, all that was left was bits of ash floating in the wind.

"You bitch!" Namorita screamed. "You killed them! You evil bitch!"

"Are you going to run away like your friend?" Divine asked casually.

Namorita readied herself. She knew she couldn't win, but if she was going to die, she'd die like an Atlantean warrior. She moved, lunging forward, attempting to land a full strength blow to Divine's face.

She never got the chance. Divine sidestepped her attack and then hit her in the chest harder than she'd ever been hit in her life. She flew backwards, through the fence, across the street, and into the side of a school bus. Pain overwhelmed her. She was bleeding, and the cameras were still rolling, and...

The last thing she saw before she lost consciousness was one of the villains they'd come to stop - Nitro - sprinting away down the street.



* * *



A New World in my View

by P.H. Wise

A New X-Men Crossover Fanfic

Chapter 10: What We've Got Here

Disclaimer: The DC Universe and its associated characters is the property of DC comics. The Marvel Universe and its associated characters is the property of Marvel Entertainment LLC. Buffy the Vampire Slayer is Joss Whedon's baby. This chapter contains dialogue taken from 'Civil War #1.' Marvel owns that, too.



* * *



Stark Tower

New York City

12:03 PM

"... to our viewing audience, we're just getting confirmation... but according to the Associated Press, there's been a disaster in Stamford, Connecticut... initial reports are indicating dozens killed or injured, and significant property damage including several private residences and an elementary school..."

Tony Stark looked up at the monitor, and a cold dread welled up inside his heart. He didn't know how or why, but he was sure this was going to be bad. It took him all of six seconds to bring up the news feed. Another two to scan the headlines already popping up across the internet.

"We're getting more," the anchor said. This was going out as soon as the network got the info. No fact checking. No analysis. No waiting. They were dumping raw information onto the airwaves. "The New Warriors... the superhero team and popular reality TV stars known as the New Warriors are involved somehow. We're trying to get a news chopper into the area..."

Other news sources weren't much better. 'STAMFORD DESTROYED! HEROES FEARED RESPONSIBLE!' read the headline on one site. 'NEW WARRIORS MURDERED BY X-MEN ALLY! REVEREND STRYKER EXONERATED!' another proclaimed. The next ten minutes were chaos in the news sources as they struggled to get the story straight, but it was time enough for Tony to cancel all his meetings for the day, then send out a call to his lawyer, another to S.H.I.E.L.D., and a third to Captain America, who had already seen it and sent out a call for the Avengers to assemble.

This was going to be bad. It was up to them to make sure it didn't get worse than it had to be.



* * *



Xavier Institute for Higher Learning

North Salem, New York

12:34 PM

Karen reveled in her newfound control of her abilities. Every restriction she'd ever had to worry about was now gone, and she was fully in command of her body, and it felt... glorious. She was on the basketball court with six other students: all of them against her. As Xander, she had never been the most physically adept, but now... she almost giggled as she dodged the green-skinned kid - Victor - and flew up to make another slam dunk. Her: 30. Them: 0. She had never felt so exhilarated. So...

"... she doesn't have to rub our noses in it..." Victor muttered to Alani, the tattooed redhead that he always seemed to be hanging out with. It was quiet enough that Karen would never have heard it if she hadn't had super senses, but as was...

Her sense of elation vanished like a popped soap bubble, and she sank down to ground level.

"Isn't she supposed to avoid direct sunlight?" came a voice from across the yard: Cessily had spotted her on the court. She was walking by with Noriko and David. "Seems like she's taking it in every chance she can get, now..."

Other conversations. Not related to her. Students worrying about the new school year. Students still in shock over what had happened not so long ago.

She met the eyes of the opposing team on the basketball court, some looking hurt, others looking annoyed, but none of them neutral. "... Sorry," she said.

Victor took the ball. "Not your fault, I guess. No offense, but I don't think it's fair for you to use your powers in this game."

Karen felt a stab of resentment, but she nodded. "Yeah." She headed off the court. A moment later, new teams were assigned, and the game continued. Without her.

'Karen, I need you in Mr. Summers' office as soon as possible.'

She jumped at the 'sound' of Emma Frost's mental voice in her head, looked around, realized what had happened, and headed off towards the main building, wondering what she'd done this time.



* * *



"What." Karen couldn't quite process what she was being told. Once more that yawning chasm had opened up beneath her feet, and her brain needed a few moments to regain the cognitive faculties to put together a more articulate response.

Scott Summers exchanged glances with Emma Frost. "I know you didn't ask for this, Karen, but your twin just murdered a team of super heroes."

"No," Karen said, her thoughts still moving sluggishly. "Go back to the part where there are superhero reality TV shows?"

Scott looked annoyed. "This isn't a joke. People are dead. Good people."

The chasm seemed to grow ever deeper. Karen could feel the blood racing through her veins. Could hear the heartbeats of Scott and Emma both. Could hear three voices, far away, crying for help, followed by the distant sound of a car crash. Super hearing. "I need to sit down," she said.

"You are," Scott replied.

"Oh. Good."

"We realize that this is something of a shock," Emma said, and Karen tried very hard not to giggle.

"Pull yourself together," Scott said. "We need you for this. We need you here, focused, 100%. Understand?"

Karen tried. And then Xander wasn't in the driver's seat anymore. Her body swayed, and then Kara took control, steadying it, and looking Emma in the eye. "She passed out," she said.

Scott looked at Emma questioningly.

Emma looked annoyed. "I had hoped..." she shook her head and looked to Scott. "Darling, I'm afraid I haven't been completely honest with you." Even as she spoke, Emma got a strange look on her face as she considered her boyfriend.

Scott looked entirely unsurprised. "Go on," he said.

"It's me, sir," Kara said. "My situation is a bit different from what you may have been led to believe." She waited a beat before continuing. "Karen and I..."

"Are two people sharing the same body," Scott finished.

Kara's eyes widened in surprise. "Wha-?"

"Give me a little credit here," Scott said. "Your mannerisms are noticeably different. You try, but you don't share the same speech pattern either. Karen slouches, and you don't. Karen is almost completely disorganized, you're markedly more so. I could go on."

Kara flushed red. "... Damn," she said. "Apparently, I suck at being secret identity girl even when my secret identity IS a completely different person."

Scott smirked.

"OK," Kara said. "Ms. Frost, I need you to keep Karen asleep until this is over. Only one of us can be running the body here, and I'm not sure if she can do what needs to be done. I hope she does, but if I'm wrong..."

Emma considered Kara for a moment, and then acquiesced. "Very well," she said.

"Hold on," Scott said. "As inconvenient as it may be, I'd like to get Karen's input on this. This affects her, and she doesn't strike me as the kind of person who takes well to having decisions made for her. You've already gone around her more than you should have. Let's avoid making things worse."

Kara's lips thinned. "Fine. But let's do it quickly."

Karen came back to awareness. "Oh... hell..." she muttered. And then saw Emma Frost leaning in over her. "GAH!" she yelped, and stumbled back.

"Welcome back," Kara said, her spectral form once more standing next to Karen once again.

"... I'm getting really sick of that," Karen muttered.

"You may wish we'd left you unconscious in another moment," Kara said. "Can you deal?"

Karen took a few deep breaths. "... OK," she said. "I can deal. What do we need to do?"

"An interview with CNN," Emma said.

Karen stared.

Scott glanced at Emma, then looked to Karen. "It doesn't have to be you that does it. It could just as easily be her." He gestured at Kara.

 Mr. Summers knew about Kara? Oh hell. Karen felt another surge of panic. "What?"

Emma looked faintly amused. "I am 'translating' telepathically between Scott and Kara. I felt it would help things go more smoothly if all parties involved in the conversation could, in fact, communicate."

"WHAT!"

"Calm down, Karen."

And just like that, Karen's rising panic vanished as if it had never been there. "... You did that, didn't you?" she asked, looking suspiciously at Emma.

Emma's amusement was now replaced by irritation. "Would you prefer I allow you to needlessly delay us with another panic attack? Be useful or begone, Karen. We have no time for your childishness."

Karen felt like she'd been slapped. A stab of bitterness went through her, and she clenched her teeth, but she nodded. "OK," she said, her tone icy, "What, exactly, is going on, and what, exactly, do I need to do?"

Emma's phone buzzed. She checked it and grimaced. "... Wonderful. Valerie Cooper is on her way up."

"What does that mean?" Karen asked.

"It means we need to act quickly," Emma replied.

"We realize that we're asking a lot of you, Karen," Scott said, "And if you can't or for any reason don't want to do the interview, you'd better tell us now."

"And you'll put Kara in charge and have her do it, right?" It was hard to hide the bitterness in her voice.

"Yes," Emma said bluntly.

"Maybe you should, then," Karen said. Bitter? Angry? Oh, yes. "Apparently, the only thing I'm good at are screwing things up, getting blamed for whatever the latest thing is that Kara's done, or having other people's problems dumped on my lap, right?"

"Karen, wait," Kara began. But Karen didn't wait. She zoomed out of the office and slammed the door behind her.  which had the side-effect of splintering the door.

Scott opened his mouth.

"Say it, and you're on the couch for a week," Emma said warningly.

Scott shut his mouth, and smirked.



* * *



"They're counting on us, Xander," Kara said. "You can't just run away."

Karen ignored Kara Zor-L, zooming down the long halls of the Xavier mansion.

"XANDER!" Kara shouted.

No response. Kara would have ground her teeth if she could control them to do so.

Karen stopped short at the door to her room: the door was closed, but Karen could see through that: the room was occupied. Noriko and David were...

Oh.

Karen kept going, wanting nothing so much as to scream at the top of her lungs. Not being able to go hide in her own room wasn't that big of a deal, but added to everything else...

"Karen?"

Karen looked up. Irma. Standing in front of the open door to the room she shared with her sisters, wearing a white tank top and blue jeans. "Irma, hey."

Irma smiled. "How did you know?"

Despite her unhappiness, Karen blushed, and Irma gave her a stern look.

"You can tell us apart by our NAVELS?" Irma asked, sounding mock-scandalized by the idea. " Xander Harris, are you looking at me through my clothes?"

"No," Karen lied.

"Liar," Irma said, though now she seemed amused.

"... I'm only human," Karen said.

"Again with the lying," Irma replied, and Karen blushed so deeply that it reached her ears.

Irma looked Karen in the eye, and whatever she found there, it inspired a look of sympathy. "... Do you want to talk about it?" she asked.

Karen sighed. "If you promise that by 'talk' you don't mean 'reprogram my brain with your telepathic powers.'" she said.

"I'll see what I can do," Irma said.

"... Good enough."

Karen stepped into the room, and Irma shut the door behind her.



* * *



Namorita woke up, and for one blinding moment, all she knew was pain. She tried to scream, but she had no breath. Something was in her mouth. Something was going down her throat. Her eyes shot open. She couldn't move. Where was Divine? Was she still...

"Peace, cousin." It was Namor's voice. The rising panic was snuffed out. "You have been grievously wounded, but you are in the hands of healers."

She turned her head, and she realized suddenly that she was lying on a hospital bed submerged in a low set gleaming silver tank not four feet tall and filled with water. The sounds of Atlantean chants mingled with the regular beep of her vital signs from the human machines. It was water. She had woken up and tried to breathe the air, and water had gone into her lungs. Not really that big of a deal for her. "...how... long?" she asked. Or tried to. All that came out was a gurgle, and not because of the water.

He must have guessed her meaning. "Hours," Namor replied. "Rest now. There will be time enough for questions when you are healed."

With a shuddering sigh, and still nearly crippled by pain, Namorita sank back into the comforting depths of unconsciousness.



* * *



"How is she?" Reed Richards asked. He and Sue had come to the hospital as soon as they'd heard.  apparently, Namor had as well, and when they arrived, the King of Atlantis was already engaged in a loud argument with the hospital staff. But now, all of that was settled. Now, Namorita Prentiss was being treated by her own.

"She will live," Namor replied.

"More than can be said for her team-mates," Sue said, and Namor nodded.

Namor met Reed's gaze. "I understand there are tapes."

"The film crew escaped more or less unharmed."

"A record of the attack," Namor continued, "and of the woman who dared to strike down Atlantean royalty."

"Namor, the Avengers will handle..."

"We take care of our own, Doctor Richards," Namor said, his voice cold, "And we do not allow the attempted murder of our royal family to go unanswered. Show me the tape."

Reed exchanged glances with his wife, and then sighed. "...Fine," he said. "Come to the Baxter building in an hour. I'll have it ready for you then."

Namor nodded. "... thank you, Doctor Richards."

Reed looked towards the grievously wounded yet healing girl in the water, and his heart sank. Tony was right: this was going to get worse before it got better.



* * *



"Am I the Zeppo?" Karen asked.

Irma raised an eyebrow. "Zeppo?"

"Right. Er..."

"Tell me what happened, Xander."

Karen shook her head. "I... look, all I've done since I got here was cause trouble, get stuck with other people's messes, and take a back seat to..." she trailed off, then tried again, "Back home, my best friends are heroes. Buffy's the Slayer, and Willow's... useful. She's like super-smart hacker girl, and she's even helped Giles with spells a couple of times. I'm the guy who gets kidnapped by sexy preying mantis ladies or stuck with Inca mummy girls who want to suck out my..." Karen suddenly became aware of the look Irma was giving her, and flushed, "life... force... and you have no idea what I'm talking about, do you?"

Irma shook her head. "I can dig through your memories if you want. But I won't unless you give me permission. I'm not Emma."

Karen smiled faintly at that. "Good to know."

"I understand, though. You think more is being asked of you than you can give. You think you're a side-kick, not a hero."

Karen nodded. "I'm doughnut guy. I bring sugary goodness to the research party. I'm not... what you said."

"You're wrong," Irma said.

Karen blinked. "... I'm wrong. Right." A beat passed. "How am I wrong?"

Irma smiled. "You're a hero, Xander. I don't know what you did or didn't do in the world you came from, but I do know what you've done in this one."

"You sure you're not mixing me up with Kara? She's Power Girl. Last survivor of a dead universe, and all that jazz? She's Roxy Hart. I'm the Hungarian woman who gets hanged."

"Didn't Roxy Hart murder the man she was having an affair with and then set up an elaborate lie about her own pregnancy in order to get off scott free?"

Karen frowned. "... right. Bad metaphor. OK, she's... she's Batman, and I'm Alfred at best. She's..."

"Xander, when that sniper took his shot at Laurie Collins, did you know you could survive the gunshot?"

"Well, no."

"Did you mean to step in front of the bullet?"

"I didn't WANT to, but it was either that or let her die, and..."

"Right," Irma said. "So the one time you were put to the test, a sniper had a bead drawn on your friend. You saw it. You knew you could get in the way. You knew it would probably save Laurie, and you had no way of knowing whether or not your powers were strong enough to allow you to survive, you stepped in the way of the bullet. Like it or not, Xander, you're a hero."

Karen stared at Irma for a moment, at a complete loss for words.

"... She's right, you know," Kara said.

Karen startled slightly, then relaxed, but said nothing.

"I've asked Emma NOT to turn you off," Kara said. "I'll do it if you refuse, but I want you to do the interview. I'll help you, but I want you to be the one answering the questions."

And now Karen stared at Kara, with Irma watching the exchange. "Why would you want that?" she asked, completely incredulous.

"Because you have it within you to be a hero. I believe in you, Xander."

And for the second time in as many minutes, Karen Starr AKA Xander Harris was at a complete loss for words.



* * *



And here she was. About to do an interview with CNN. Karen had never been more nervous in her life. OK, that's a lie: she'd been more nervous when he'd been at the mercy of Preying Mantis Lady, waiting for Buffy to show for the big rescue. But aside from that, she'd never been more nervous in her life.

Who the hell was she to be sitting down to do an interview with Piers Morgan?

Someone Power Girl believed in. Someone Irma believed in, too.

Karen held on to that thought, and it blazed like a torch inside her heart, filling her whole mind up with light.

They'd done her makeup. Did her hair as best they could, and even without the ability to cut it, it was amazing what you could do with hair product. She looked... like Power Girl. Kara was there with her. They'd prepared for this. Emma and Scott had quizzed them on potential responses. Karen had walked into the studio through a veritable horde of reporters who wanted to get commentary from her, from Emma, from Scott.

The studio lights were hot and bright. Piers Morgan was on the set. Emma and Scott were on the set, and they would be answering questions as well, even if the majority would be directed at her.

At her.

The clock counted down. 'I can do this,' Karen told herself.

"Damn right, you can," Kara replied.

3

2

1

Showtime.

End Chapter 10





*Chapter 11*: Storm Front


			A New World in my View

by P.H. Wise

A New X-Men Crossover Fanfic

Chapter 11: Storm Front

Disclaimer: The DC Universe and its associated characters is the property of DC comics. The Marvel Universe and its associated characters is the property of Marvel Entertainment LLC. Buffy the Vampire Slayer is Joss Whedon's baby.



* * *



Showtime.

"Yesterday," Piers said, "A young woman shocked the world when she murdered three of the four members of superhero team and reality television stars, 'The New Warriors.'" A clip played on the monitors, showing footage of the New Warriors during the better days of their reality show.

"But this was not the first time this young woman has been in the spotlight, even if only peripherally. It was only a few weeks ago that she and what appears to be her identical twin fought on opposite sides in the event which led up to Reverend William Stryker's 'journal-gate'." A second clip began, this one showing Divine fighting Nimrod fighting Power Girl and the New X-Men. This was followed by still shot shows Power Girl and Divine split screened in close up, showing them to be completely identical except for hair colour.

"Tonight we interview Power Girl, X-Man and apparent twin sister of the alleged murderer."

Piers Morgan turned towards his guest. "So, Karen Starr. It's not your real name, I take it?"

Karen shook her head. "No, it really isn't."

"Are you willing to share your real name with us here tonight?"

"Power Girl," she replied. "Karen Starr is the costume."

Piers raised an eyebrow. "Your parents called you Power Girl?"

Karen looked down. "That's... a long story."

"Perhaps you could tell us a little bit about yourself," Piers said.

"Well, I never knew my parents. Not really." Karen was growing uncomfortable. This was too close to the truth. Tony and Jessica Harris were strangers to her. Had always been strangers to her. Her mother a nervous wreck, her father a drunk. Her heart ached at the thought of them. It was funny. She'd been so angry for so long, but now, stuck in Kara's body, all she felt was sadness.

'Kara, you want to... field this one?'

"I'm with you, Xander," Kara whispered into her thoughts. "I can give you the words if you need me to."

She opened her eyes. "I guess you know by now that I'm not a mutant." Her lips quirked into a smile. "Not that there's anything wrong with that." In the background, Scott looked embarrassed by that comment. "I was born on the planet Krypton. My father was a scientist. He and his brother discovered that a disaster was coming, and they..." she trailed off. "They couldn't convince our government. I was just a baby. They saved me, but Krypton tore itself apart." She fell silent once more. "I spent years in stasis." It was weirdly easy, talking about Kara's life as if it were her own. It was funny - she could almost remember the virtual environment she'd grown up in. The virtual parents. Growing up with the knowledge that nobody she interacted with was real. She could almost feel what it had been like. "I grew up in a virtual environment. A simulation of home. I only reached Earth recently."

Piers nodded. "You seem remarkably well adapted to our culture," he commented.

Karen nodded. "Earth isn't exactly unknown in the galaxy. Didn't you guys get put under quarantine a few years back?  My parents did their research. Included plenty of what I'd need to know in the program."

"You don't mention your twin," Piers commented. "As our viewers have all heard by now, yesterday, your twin murdered three heroes and put a third in the hospital. Good people. People kids looked up to. Surely some mention of her should be made? What would you say to those kids now? Or to the families of the dead?"

"She's not my twin," Karen said. "She was created on Earth by a man named Maxwell Lord. I don't know why, but I doubt it involves puppies and kittens."

Piers looked surprised. "Maxwell Lord?" he asked.

"He's this guy who took my DNA and cloned me without my consent. Then he stuffed a bunch of fake memories in her head and sent her after me. It's this whole thing."

Piers looked shocked. "I see," he managed. "Considering the power she's displayed, if your world was advanced enough to send you here, is there... some sort of technology from your world that could contain her?"

Karen immediately thought of kryptonite. "There's this thing that's like the kryptonite to her Superman..." she trailed off a moment, realizing exactly what she'd just said, "And it is shaped, sir, like itself," she said, her embarrassment clear in her tone. "Can we edit that part out?  Right. There's this substance that would handle her, but it doesn't exist on this planet."

Piers seemed amused, but he remained professional. "I see. We're going to ask a few questions of your teachers at the Xavier Academy in a moment, but for now, I've got a few more questions for you, Ms. Starr. First, what has it been like for you as a non-mutant to study at the school for mutants, the grounds of which now house the largest single concentration of mutants in the world?"

"It'd be better if we didn't have that whole 'paranoia brigade' sitting on our front porch."

"You're referring to the forces deployed by the Office of National Emergency?"

Karen nodded. "Nothing like an armed military presence to add that special touch of awkward to your high school experience."

"Then you disagree with the policy of the Office of National Emergency?" Piers asked.

Karen gave him a look. "I'm gonna go out on a limb here and say that rounding up a minority all in one place and putting armed guards out front is a thing which rarely leads to greater tolerance and understanding." She frowned. "What's your issue with mutants, anyways? You've got a world full of people with superpowers. Super heroes have been part of your society since, what, World War 2? And nobody's got a problem with the Avengers, nobody's out protesting against the Fantastic Four as being 'a danger to our kids,' and nobody who doesn't work for the Daily Bugle has a problem with Spider-Man. So I gotta wonder, what's going on here?"

Piers didn't have an answer.

Karen pressed on, "I mean, if I was genetically compatible with humanity, at that point in my life, and having kids? I'd be thrilled to have a mutant son or daughter. My kid could be the next superhero grow up and be someone important. Instead, everyone treats them like they're diseased. And now they're all being shipped off to a little school with armed guards so they don't have to be seen or heard from except for when it's convenient. Sounds like a recipe for some really powerful, really bitter kids that are going to be looking forward to paying back that 'kindness' someday. Do you want more Magnetos or more Cyclopses? Or is that Cyclopsii?"

"Are you suggesting that the current batch of students consists of potential Magnetos?" Piers asked.

"Are you suggesting that you can justify oppression by the fact that people resent being oppressed?" Karen asked right back. "We can't stop now, we've already gone too far, we might as well keep right on doing it? Something like that?"

"Of course not." Piers shook his head. "... Just one more question for you, Ms. Starr."

"I'm all ears," Karen said.

"Do you have a message for the people of Earth?"

Karen gave Piers a dubious look. "A message?"

"Is there anything you'd like to tell us? Some wisdom from your culture? A quote from one of your famous philosophers, perhaps?"

"Er..." Karen tried to think of something. Wracked her brain for something better than the equivalent of 'have a nice summer.' 'We find, Buffy slays, we party?' Maybe not. She could feel the heat of the lights. Sweat dripped down the inside of her shirt. The moment stretched out. Suddenly, the whole world seemed to move in slow motion, and as she had when the assassin had fired upon Laurie, in the space between heartbeats, she had time to think.

 and then she knew. And she felt a deep, awful sadness. "You will travel far, my little one," she said, "but we will never leave you. Even in the face of our death. The richness of our lives shall be yours. All that I have, all that I've learned, everything I feel... all this, and more, I bequeath you, my daughter. You will carry us inside you all the days of your life. You will make my strength your own, and see my life through your eyes, as your life will be seen through mine. The daughter becomes the mother. The mother becomes the daughter. This is all I can send you."

"What was that?"

Karen looked up, and her voice cracked with not unfeigned emotion: she could REMEMBER these things, the variant spoken to Kara of the same words which Jor-El had spoken over Kal, and it shook her to the core. "The last words my mother ever spoke to me."



* * *



Greenwich, Connecticut

"Why are you running away?" Divine asked, staring at the fleeing form of Coldheart in civilian garb. The others were gone. Nitro. Speedfreek. Cobalt Man. They'd all run away. She'd followed. It was easy enough to track them. Well, to track the ones that weren't Nitro. He was being... difficult. But every time she showed herself to her friends, they'd fled her presence. Run away. Just like Coldheart was doing now.

The sun was warm but not uncomfortable. Divine stood on the sidewalk that ran along side a long plank-board fence. Power lines buzzed overhead, going from pole to pole. A narrow strip of grass was between the sidewalk and the busy street. Trees stood on the other side of the fence. The far side of the street was more open. More like a park. Trees and grass and paths and open sky.

Her friend was running away.

All at once, she was in front of Coldheart, and the woman stopped short. Divine could hear her heartbeat. See her heartbeat. See the blood surging through her veins. See the air filling her lungs with each breath. "I fought for you," she said. "I defended you when they came for you. Why... why did you all run away?"

Coldheart turned her back. Divine shot around her to face her once again.

"You killed a superhero team," Coldheart replied at last. "The law is going to come down, and it's going to come down hard. No offense, girl, but at your side is a hell of a dangerous place to be. I can't be seen with you, and I especially can't be seen TALKING to you, got it?"

Divine stared. "But..."

Frustration was evident in Coldheart's expression, and she finally snapped. "God," she said, "What are you, nine? What part of 'go to ground and wait for the heat to die down' do you not understand?"

"... but we're friends... aren't we?"

Coldheart grit her teeth. "Yes, we're friends. Sometimes, friends have to avoid each other for their own safety, understand?"

"No.  yes. I guess." Divine felt her heart sink. This time, when Coldheart walked away, she didn't follow.

Yesterday. Had it only been yesterday? She'd defended these people. No sign of the man who'd had her come to the safe house. She'd seen her own image being broadcast via radio-waves, along with people calling her a monster, calling her actions unprecedented, savage, debased. She'd only been defending her friends, hadn't she?

She wished that Max were here.



* * *



"Well done, Karen," Scott said, and meant it. They hadn't said a word in the studio. Hadn't said anything on the walk back to the car. Only now, in the car, on the way back to the school, did either of them speak.

Kara voiced her agreement a moment later. "You did good, Xander," she said.

"It was nothing," Karen replied, blushing from the compliment.

"You told the truth on national television," Scott went on. "That's not a thing that happens very often."

"Pundits are already twisting your words," Emma said. "They're trying to portray you as a sanctimonious brat who has no right to judge them. Perhaps one who has been 'dangerously influenced by powerful mutants'."

Karen felt a stab of anger. "I didn't mean it that way," she said.

"I know," Emma said. "And so will many of those who watch."

"But not all of them. Maybe not even most of them."

Scott glanced Karen's way, smiling faintly, "Welcome to our lives," he said.

"You can't control how other people are going to act," Kara said, "But you can control how you'll respond. You can choose to be the better person. Or you can choose to respond in kind."

Scott nodded in agreement.

"So," Emma said, raising an eyebrow, "You don't think that mutants should aspire to be like me, Miss Starr?"

Karen felt a moment of panic. "Urk..."

Emma's expression darkened.

"I... uh, with all due respect, I don't think the world could handle two of you, Miss Frost," Karen managed.

Scott grinned, and Emma held her displeased expression a moment longer before relaxing into an amused smile.

Karen watched in silence for half an hour after that as the car slowly made its way from New York city back towards the Xavier mansion. Traffic wasn't awful, but it wasn't great either. The going was slow, but not as slow as it might have been. Eventually, she shook her head. 'Emma?' she thought.

Emma glanced her way.

'Back in the studio, I...'

*You experienced fragments of Kara's memories,* Emma's mental voice replied.

'Yeah.'

Kara looked down.

*There was a reason why Kara and I decided not to broach the subject of copying the ability to control your powers from one mind to another.*

'... so this is going to happen again?'

*Probably. Particularly with memories that center around her learning how to control her powers. And there may be... bleed-over between those and your own memories. You've got fragments of Kara's memories inside you. Your mind will incorporate them into your own, eventually. Some through confabulation of new memories to resolve the dissonance. Some by writing over existing memories that are similar in nature.*

'Can't you reverse it? Undo the damage somehow?'

*The mind is a delicate thing. I can erase the memories, but I can't restore whatever it is they've overwritten. The process might damage you.

Karen shivered. '... If I don't do anything, will I still be me?'

*Do you want to be?*

Karen didn't have an answer for that at first. But Kara believed in her. And Irma believed in her. Resolution grew within her heart. 'Yeah,' she thought, 'I do.'

Emma smiled.

The car drove on.



* * *



North Salem was beginning to recover. The riots were ended now, driven back by the forces of the Office of National Emergency, and the streets had been clear of protesters for days now. It was... better. Karen actually saw a few ordinary pedestrians as the car approached the mansion. The presence of an armed military force put a damper on any sense of homecoming she might have had, of course, but even so, she felt better once the car had pulled into the driveway. Better still after opening the door and spending a few moments standing in the moonlight. Emma and Scott went on ahead of her, soon disappearing into the mansion. The stars were bright, the moon brighter still, and she couldn't help but think of...

"So, Irma, huh?" Kara asked.

Karen stumbled over the first step leading up to the mansion. 'What about her?' she thought.

"You're not really going to deny it to the girl whose head-space you're sharing, are you?"

Karen sighed. '... It doesn't matter. I'm a girl. She's a girl. There's no way she's a lesbian. I'm not that lucky.'

"It doesn't actually work that way," Kara replied. "Human sexuality, I mean. It's a spectrum, not two binary categories."

Karen was entirely unconvinced.

"OK," Kara said, "Think of it this way: she's a telepath. She probably knew before you did. If you haven't scared her off already, you probably aren't going to."

Karen frowned, and took a moment to brush her increasingly shaggy blonde hair out of her eyes: she really needed to find a way to get a haircut at some point. 'Was I that obvious?' she wondered. 'I hope I wasn't that obvious.'

"My body, remember? Anything you feel, I feel. It's kind of annoying, actually. Do you have any idea how hard it is to keep track of which emotions are mine and which are yours when I'm the one who's feeling them either way?"

Karen giggled. 'So not only am I hijacking your body, I'm also making you feel your first lesbian crush?'

Kara blushed, and Karen's eyes widened in response. "OK, spill, Kara," Karen said aloud. A pair of O*N*E soldiers patrolling the school grounds glanced her way, and Karen switched back to mental communication. 'Was it... it can't have been Atlee? Isn't she jailbait?'

Kara's blush deepened. "She's eighteen," she said. "Almost nineteen. And I'm twenty five."

'Actually,' Karen mentally replied, 'Right now? You're seventeen.'

"And she's like a sister to me..." Kara protested.

Karen grinned. 'Oh, sure. Like a sister. Except for the whole wanting to jump her bones thing.' She could almost see it now: Power Girl, Atlee, kissing, fondling, clothes coming off, skin against skin, breasts pressing against...

"Hey, cut that out! I can feel that too, you know."

Karen gave Kara a look. 'I notice you're not actually denying anything.'

Kara would have ground her teeth had she been able to.

'It's funny, I never would have figured the writers would make the short haired, ripped, busty superheroine into a lesbian. Seems kind of like pandering. Not that I'm complaining.'

"Categories," Kara muttered. And then, "There aren't actually a group of writers dictating my life, Karen."

Laughing, Karen walked into the mansion, and the door shut behind her.



* * *



Morning. The second day after Stamford. The Watchtower glittered in the morning sun like a great, black spider perched atop Stark Tower. From this place, The Sentry, Golden Guardian of Good, departed. To this place he returned. The man with the power of a million exploding suns stood atop the tower, listening to the world. He could hear... everything. A butterfly's heartbeat in Africa. The sound of a swarm of bees building its hive in an old Volkswagen's engine block in the parking lot at Disneyland in Anaheim, California. The battle cries of a band of pirates assaulting a cruise ship just west of the Philippines.

"Twenty three seconds," CLOC - the AI who governed the Watchtower - announced.

He opened his eyes. Something about today seemed different. He could feel... a storm approaching. It had been gathering for some time. He was familiar with Complexity. The patterns in the randomness and chaos of complex systems. The butterfly effect was its most simplistic expression: a butterfly flaps its wings in China, and in Central Park there is rain instead of sunshine. This... was something more. Something vast. The very air felt oppressive. Claustrophobic. The whole Earth felt stuffy and close.

"Thirteen seconds," CLOC announced.

He was already gone by the time the last syllable reached the place where he had been standing only moments before.

Seven seconds later, the battlecries of the pirates off the coast of the Philippines turned to screams of terror as The Sentry blasted them into their component atoms. He felt no remorse for his actions. He might have, once. But he had learned not to be too good, too compassionate. The Void - his equal, his opposite, his other half - was gone, cast into the sun and destroyed, but it would be back. And when it returned, it would respond in kind for every good thing he had done in its absence. An act of depraved evil for every good. A death for every life saved. So he fought fire with fire. Overcame violence through greater violence. Perhaps the situation called for that response. But he no longer argued it with himself. There were times when he could not bring himself to get out of bed for fear of what the Void would do to balance the scales when it returned. But not today.

Six seconds later, he had bypassed a pregnant woman trapped in a burning car on the streets of Cairo in order to save a school bus full of screaming children in the process of plummeting into the ocean in southern Spain. Prioritize. Reassess. His were the responsibilities of a god, and he bore the weight of it easily, as one long accustomed to such a burden.

"Suicide bomber on the streets of Bagdad," CLOC announced, and The Sentry's super-senses focused in upon the man. "Twelve seconds until detonation."

He vanished from Spain, arriving just in time to kill the man in Bagdad before he could detonate, and then gone again just as quickly.

A storm was coming. The Sentry had work to do.



* * *



Morning. Dappled sunlight filtered down through the leaves of the trees to where Divine walked along the banks of the Mianus River. Here, for two and a half miles along the river, was an escape from the harsh reality of this new world. An escape from a world in which she  lacked a purpose. It was beautiful. Oh, she could wipe it all out in the space of a second if she wanted, but listening to the sound of the river, and the wind in the trees, and feeling the dappled sunlight on her skin, watching the shadows shift all around in time to the breeze, she didn't want to. She felt... at peace.

A tiny furry creature skittered down the tree, and she looked up at it, curious. What were those called again? Grey fur. White fur on the stomach. Long bushy tail. Big black eyes. Sort of like a rat, but not quite.

Divine let her eyes drift shut.

A tiny creature jumped onto her stomach. She opened her eyes. The furry thing The... squirrel. Right. These were called squirrels. It sat on her stomach now, looking at her interestedly.

"Hello, little thing," Divine said, reaching out to pet it.

It bit her finger. It didn't pierce the skin, but it surprised her. She batted the creature away, and it went flying out into the river.

A second squirrel - or was it the same one? - came out from behind the tree.

Divine sat up.

A third squirrel. A fourth. A fifth. A sixth. Then a dozen. Then two dozen. Then five dozen. Some brown, some grey.

"Okay," she said, "What gives?"

Every single one of them stared directly at her, large black eyes fixed upon her form. She began to grow uncomfortable. The sunlight didn't feel quite so warm anymore. "I don't have to take this from you!" she yelled, letting loose with a blast of heat vision that wiped out half of the swarm.

Twice as many squirrels popped out of the bushes to take their place.

They charged her. Hundreds of squirrels. Thousands. An all-consuming, suffocating mass of wriggling, awful, vicious, biting things. She tried to fly, but their weight bore her down. They were piercing her skin now, and she screamed in agony. She felt like she'd been exposed to kryptonite and then doused in molten rock. Agony upon agony upon agony, her screams rising ever higher, more and more squirrels, more and more of the little demons, and then the great vast bulk of them seemed to take on a humanoid shape. A woman with a squirrel's tail, brown hair, and a squirrel's buck teeth.

"YOU KILLED HIM!" the woman screamed, her cry shaking the Earth itself, knocking down trees, even. The riverbed cracked open and a great fountain of squirrels billowed up from underneath it to rise up into the air and blot out the sun. "YOU KILLED SPEEDBALL! NOW I'M GOING TO KILL YOU!"

The squirrels descended.

Divine woke up with a scream rising in the back of her throat that she only barely repressed. She was still lying in the shade of the tree. Still at the riverbank. Oh God. She must have fallen asleep. She must have...

She rose to her feet, shivering despite the warmth of the day.

A squirrel looked down at her from the branch of the tree she'd been sleeping under. A quick blast of heat vision turned it to ash.

"Hate squirrels," she muttered.



* * *



Morning. Morning, and the day was bright and glorious. Reverend William Stryker had been allowed to post bail, and it felt... good. Like the renewal of God's promise. His arm was still a stump, the legacy of his confrontation with the spawn of Satan, but he had been allowed to change clothes at last. To dress himself as befit his station as a man of the cloth. His suit was immaculate. His face clean shaven. His eyes filled with the conviction of one whose cause was just. The press were waiting for him at the entrance to the jail, and he smiled as the cameras began to flash.

"Reverend Stryker, do you have any comment to make regarding the charges against you?" "Reverend, is it true? Did you really plot the assassination of mutant children?" "Reverend, do you have a statement to make?"

"At this time," he announced, and all fell silent, "I am prepared only to say that I am, and have ever been, God's servant. His will, not mine, be done. Thank you."

He continued down the steps to where the car waited for him. Everyone seemed to speak at once, but he paid them no more mind than an elephant would pay a speck of dust. The man waiting at his car opened the door for him, and closed it behind him after he'd gotten into the back seat.

It was good. Leather seats. Drinks - non-alchoholic, of course. Blessed air conditioning. And all the amenities of home.

"I'd ask what you were doing in my car," Stryker said, "But I suppose you were about to get to that." The car pulled away from the curb. Merged into city traffic.

The business-suit clad man seated across from him nodded. "I come bearing a message," he said. "A message from the Lord Most High."

Stryker raised an eyebrow. "Plenty of people think they hear the Lord. Most of them are crazy. I am not, but most are. Why should I believe you?"

The man picked up the oversized case which had lay next to his feet. He opened it, and turned it, revealing what lay within: the gauntlet. The severed arm of Nimrod. Stryker's own severed arm was no longer within, but he recognized the device when he saw it. And it was... restored. No longer damaged the way it had been when William had first found it.

William Stryker's eyes widened. "How? How did you get this?"

The man smiled. "The Lord works in mysterious ways. I have a task for you. A task which will bring about the final fall of mutantkind. Are amenable to the Lord's will?"

"I am His humble servant," Stryker replied.



* * *



Morning. Morning, and for the first time since she'd arrived here, Karen allowed herself to hope that maybe, just maybe, she might be able to go home soon. "It'll be ready tomorrow?" she asked for the fifth time.

Stephen Strange smiled patiently. "Tomorrow. The preparations for the ritual will take some time, but tomorrow, at noon, I believe I can open a portal to the place where your true body resides. I was unable to determine much about the location, save that it is still alive and intact, and the environment on the other side is survivable. Beyond that, I can not say."

"How will I, er, get back into it?" Karen asked.

Stephen produced a strange, clockwork device which would rest on the palm of the hand, with rings into which a thumb, index, and ring finger could be pressed. "This is... an artifact. It is very old, very valuable. It allows for the transfer, mind and soul, between one body and another."

"Won't that stick Kara back in my old body?" Karen asked.

"I have modified its function extensively. It will allow for a one way transfer: you to your old body. To activate it, press your hand into the hand of your old body." He looked Karen in the eye. "Do not put it on until you are ready to return to your original self. The magic is indiscriminate, and quite easy to trigger accidentally. All that is required is palm to palm contact."

Karen swallowed. "... Right. Ending up in the wrong body is bad."

Stephen nodded. "Indeed."

"Doctor Strange, I don't think I've had a chance to thank you for... everything."

Stephen smiled. "You are quite welcome. Now, if I'm not mistaken, you were to be returned before your morning classes began."

"Yeah. Those." Karen rose to her feet. To be honest, the last thing she cared about right now was classes. She wasn't going to have these powers for much longer, and the coursework she'd need to learn at Sunnydale High was way less advanced than what they'd had her studying here. All she really needed to do was figure out what she was going to tell the friends she'd made in this world.

...

Balls.



* * *



Funny how life is. How the little things can affect the big things, and vice versa. Maria Hill had been pushing for the superhuman registration act for some time now. Stark had been fighting it. Captain America didn't like the idea, either. Maria saw its necessity. Then along came Stamford. If those kids in the New Warriors had been properly trained and supported, none of this would have happened. But since it had, she and her people had gone in and they'd pushed hard, and one day later, the superhero registration act was passed. The President had vetoed it. They'd expected that. Today, two days after Stamford, congress had overridden the presidential veto. It was law, due to take effect midnight tonight. She already had her capebuster units trained. She was on her way to have a little chat with Captain America about it. Or would have been, if things had gone differently.

No sooner had the vote gone through than the ACLU had filed suit in partnership with the Fantastic Four to challenge the law in court. And then that damned activist, liberal judge had gone and ordered a stay on enforcement. Of all the possible outcomes, this one was the one she hadn't planned for. The court was due to hear the case sometime in March. In MARCH. It was September, and they weren't even going to hear the case until fucking March. Legal limbo.

Maria found herself grinding her teeth. So it was that when an anonymous tip came through claiming that Divine had been sighted in Greenwich, she hadn't particularly felt like sharing the information with the Avengers. "Deploy the capebusters," she ordered. "We're going to take this bitch down, and we're going to take her down hard."

It was a mistake. One she never should have made. She saw that later. When it was too late.

They knew what they were going into. Or they thought they did. Maria had seen to it that the briefing on the powers and abilities of Kryptonians was made available to the men planning the strike. Agents were on the ground in search of the target. When they gave the signal, the strike teams would move in. Supposedly, Divine had a high degree of invulnerability. Tranq darts tipped with adamantium were issued. Flight packs. Plasma rifles. Heat-resistant armor. Two humvees equipped with the Active Denial System. Multiple snipers equipped with M107 .50 caliber long range sniper rifles packing two adamantium slugs a piece plus more conventional depleted uranium ammunition. Everything was ready.

In the helicarrier's CIC, a voice announced that the target had been sighted on the grounds of a state park north of Greenwich. In Stamford, no less, on the opposite side of town from where she'd killed the New Warriors, but in the same fucking town.

She gave the order.

'Incoming transmission,' the wall display read. A moment later, Tony Stark's face appeared on the screen. "Maria, what are you doing?"

"My job," she replied.

"You'll never bring down a fully powered Kryptonian, Maria. Did you read the briefing I sent over?"

"I read it. We've taken adequate precautions."

"Damnit, don't DO this. I'm assembling the Avengers. We'll be on our way as soon as they're all here, but you need either psychic or magical support for this..."

"We don't need the help of superpowered beings to do our jobs," Maria said. "We've got the tools, we've got the technology, and we've got the manpower. When this is over, you'll be congratulating me." Before he had a chance to reply, Maria terminated the connection.

The banks of the Mianus River became a living hell.



* * *



Sergeant James Johnson led his squad in from the air, making full use of the S.H.I.E.L.D. issued flight packs. The target had been sighted below, her location pinged on everyone's HUD. Divine was below, walking along the banks of the Mianus. Wading in it. Up to her ankles.

The 'go' order came through.

"Move into engagement range," he ordered, "Fire as soon as you have a shot." They were the first squad in, their guns equipped with adamantium tipped tranquilizer needles, each loaded with a 20mg dose of atropine. The six-man squad descended, opening fire before they even reached the ground.

The target reacted too quickly. Far too quickly. No one had that kind of reaction time. Six tranquilizer rounds went straight and true, but she was already out of the way. They thudded into the dirt. In the time it took for his eyes to widen, one of Sergeant Johnson's men was dead - thrown headfirst into a tree and his body splattered over a three meter radius surrounding it.

Too slow. Too damned slow. "Take... her... down..." the words seemed to take an eternity to form, a second eternity to say. A wave of incredible heat accompanied twin beams of coherent energy emitted from her eyes, and three more of his men died, their bodies reduced to charred skeletons in an instant.

She was in front of him. He brought his gun around. Too slow. She put her fist through Corporal Jensen's face. It came out the back of his skull, heralded by a spray of brains and blood.

James Johnson, his gun leveled at the woman, pulled the trigger.

In the time it took for the release of compressed gas to propel the dart out the front of his rifle, she was already behind him. He felt something grab him by both arms, and then agony, and then darkness.



* * *



"First team is down! Attack! All forces, attack!"

The world became a storm of bullets and fire. Helicopters made strafing runs, unleashing their rocket pods on the girl as explosion after explosion lit up the area where she had stood a second earlier. An adamantium round fired from a 50 caliber sniper rifle grazed her shoulder, and THAT actually hurt, leaving a gash half an inch deep.

Divine took to the air, and a humvee was melted to slag after six seconds of focus from her heat vision. S.H.I.E.L.D. agents followed her up, swarming through the air like angry bees, plasma rifles discharging again and again into the place she had just been. Some found their mark to negligible effect.

Divine clapped her hands together, and the ensuing sonic boom knocked six agents unconscious in midair. Their landings were neither safe nor pleasant.

"Sir, the battle's gone pear-shaped. Recommend immediate withdrawal!"

The S.H.I.E.L.D. agent in charge on the ground had not time to voice his order before the wreckage of a helicopter crashed down on top of him.

The engagement lasted thirty seconds from start to finish. Six attack helicopters, two humvees, two hundred men, destroyed.

Corporal Frank Riley, the two hundred and first man and army ranger, stood before Divine, alone. Her eyes fixed on his, and he met her gaze, a soldier to the end, proud and unafraid. He knew that he couldn't hope to harm her. Knew he was going to die. Knew this was the end. He could hear the sound of an approaching plane. Reinforcements, perhaps. It wouldn't matter. They had made a mistake. They were all going to die.

She walked towards him almost lazily, both arms drenched in gore, the rest of her blood-splattered, looking like nothing so much as the promise of doom. She flashed forward.

The Sentry was there.

Divine had time to look surprised. He was as fast as she was. And he was strong. And he had just caught her arm in a grip as immovable as a kryptonite mountain. She strained against him, and he against her, and each shook from the effort, but he proved the stronger. "No more," he said. "No more will fall to you this day."

Others descended from the plane. From the Avengers' quinjet. Iron Man. Spider-Man. Captain America. Spider-Woman. Wolverine.

The Sentry seized her other arm and lifted off into the sky, taking her with him. They ascended into orbit, fighting every step of the way. And then he threw her into the sun. Faster than light. It took ten seconds to cross the intervening space. She plunged into the star and vanished without a trace.

The Sentry descended, landed in the park once more. "She won't be bothering us again," he said.

"What did you do to her?" Captain America asked, his expression grim.

"I sent her on an all expense paid vacation to the photosphere," Sentry replied.

Spider-Man stared. "You threw her into the sun."

The Sentry smirked, trying and failing not to look smug. "Yes."

Wolverine sheathed his claws, looking annoyed. He often looked annoyed when their fights involved the Sentry.

"She's solar-powered," Spider-Man said.

"So?"

'Fifteen seconds, Sentry,' CLOC said.

"Solar," Spider-Man said, "As in the sun."

Sentry's smirk faded as he thought about it. "There's a difference between getting your power from the sun and being able to survive being thrown INTO the sun," he said. He looked around. "I've got something to take care of in Cairo. You can handle it from here." He lifted into the air.

Spider-Man reacted, leaping into the air and swinging out of the way, responding to a danger only he could sense.

And then a black and pink blur trailing a plume of plasma that stretched from the upper atmosphere all the way down to the surface of the earth slammed into The Sentry from above. There was an horrific, sickening crack that was almost lost beneath the accompanying sonic boom. Dirt and grass and trees and sections of concrete pathways went flying.

'Sentry?' CLOC asked. 'Sentry, can you hear me? Your vital signs have spiked dangerously. Sentry, respond! Three seconds. Two. One. Reassessing. Reprioritizing.'

The Sentry lay at the bottom of a crater fifty meters across, his left arm twisted at an unnatural angle, shards of bone visibly sticking up through broken flesh, staring mutely at his mangled limb. Iron Man still hovered over the scene. Spider-Man had gotten clear. Captain America and Spider-Woman lay unconscious halfway up the side of the crater, each of them half-buried in dirt. Wolverine was better off - he'd been further away, and had only been knocked prone by the impact, and was even now getting back on his feet and rubbing his head.

Divine floated overhead like an angry goddess. Like an angry naked goddess, her clothing burned away by her trip into the sun, but otherwise completely unharmed. "And then there were three," she said.

Spider-Man swallowed audibly.

Sentry rose back to his feet. "I'm... not... done yet," he ground out, and then unleashed a cataclysmic blast of yellow light from his uninjured hand, unleashing the power of a million exploding suns in its purest, most raw form. For a moment, Spider-Man thought he could see Divine's form in the flare. Then it was gone.

The light faded.

Divine floated exactly where she had before, except now her eyes seemed to shine with golden light. "Oh my God," she said, and giggled. "Do that again. I've NEVER felt so... I feel like I could do ANYTHING!"

Sentry clenched his fist.

Battle was joined.

The two struck each other with blows that sent shockwaves through the surrounding area, and for a few seconds, they seemed evenly matched. And then Divine gained the upper hand, and the battle became less of a battle and more of a curbstomp.

"I can't help but notice that she's thrashing him now," Spider-Man said. Divine landed a particularly savage blow, kicking Sentry in the balls at near full super-charged strength, and Spider-Man found himself cringing in sympathetic reaction. "... wow, that one actually hurt to watch."

Iron Man stared.

"What's plan B?" Spider-Man asked.

"Deploy our psychic resources and overwhelm her mind," Iron Man replied.

"The psychic resources we're borrowing from Xavier's?" Spider-Man asked. "The psychic resources that are still five minutes out?"

"Yes, those ones."

Spider-Man paused a moment. "... What's plan C?"

Sentry's body hit the ground with an earthshaking roar. For a moment it seemed he would rise to continue the fight... but then he collapsed, and didn't get back up.

Divine turned her attention to the remaining Avengers. "Now, where where we?"

"Tony?" Spider-Man asked, feeling a little panicked. "Plan C?"

"Don't die," Tony replied. Divine shot towards him, and he managed to evade her blow by luck more than anything else, firing off his repulsors into her back as she zoomed overhead. Supercharged as she was by Sentry's attempts to destroy her, she didn't particularly notice.

Wolverine went next, charging, leaping, roaring with animalistic fury. She let him get in a few swipes, an amused expression on her face, confident that there was nothing he could do that could hurt her.  and then he stabbed her in the chest with two sets of adamantium claws, and the blades come out her back with a spray of blood, and her eyes went wide.

"Oh..." Divine said.

Wolverine grinned savagely, twisting his claws. "Not so tough now, are ya?"

She pushed him away, and his claws pulled free of her body with the sickening wet sound of tearing flesh. But even as her life's blood flowed out through the holes he'd made, the holes healed before their eyes, sealing shut in a matter of seconds. "... nice... try," she said, and then rose back to her full height. "But it will take more than that to kill me." But it was clear that it had taken something out of her to regenerate from that. Her eyes weren't glowing any longer, at least.

Iron Man bombarded her from above with blasts from his armor. Wolverine charged again, this time to meet a blast of full strength heat vision which burned off hair, skin and muscle alike and cooked his brain inside his skull. He fell to the ground, momentarily dead. Iron Man weaved to avoid a second blast, but this was a calculated shot: he dodged directly into the path of her physical attack. She seized him by the leg, and slammed him into the ground three times. The armor had the means to dampen kinetic impact to ensure that it didn't affect Tony, but this was more than it had been designed to handle.

He passed out on the second hit.

Divine turned to face Spider-Man. "And then there was one," she said.

His spider-sense screamed a warning, and even so, he barely avoided her charge, leaping up and over. Spider-Man's mind raced. 'Don't die,' Tony had said. 'Don't die.' He was superhuman, but she was on another level all together. He needed to... not die. The X-Men were on their way. He needed to... not get distracted by the unbelievably gorgeous naked girl who was trying to murder him.

Spider-sense. He twisted in mid-air, shot a line of webbing to latch onto the side of the crater Divine had made when she'd plowed into Sentry from above, and yanked hard to alter his trajectory just in time to avoid taking a blast of her heat vision full on. One minute. He needed to last one minute. He could do this.

Spider-Sense. He ducked underneath her haymaker blow. he began. Spider-Sense, and he sprang backwards into the air in a breathtaking acrobatic leap, doing a full flip even as he shot two streams of web-fluid, one at her eyes, the second at a tree beyond the zone of destruction. She evaded the the shot at her eyes, but it bought him another second. Spider-sense. He pivoted in mid-air to evade her fist. He landed on the tree feet first. Spider-Sense, and he grabbed her arm in mid-punch, working with her momentum and not against it, redirecting her. Divine plowed into the ground. He took the opportunity to fire off two quick blasts of web-fluid.

'Not too shabby,' he congratulated himself.

She rose to her feet.

"OK," Spider-Man said, "Now turn around so I can get your backside."

Divine gave him a look. The sort of look that asked, 'the hell you say?'

"What? We're trying to keep this family friendly."

"OK," Divine conceded, "So I'm a little bigger than average. Do you really have to make a big deal of it when I'm squashing you like the bug that you are?"

Spider-sense. He sprang off the tree just in time to not get cooked alive by another blast of heat-vision. "Spiders are arachnids, actually," he said helpfully.

And then he wasn't quick enough. She clipped him with a blow, cutting off his words, and Spider-Man went flying through the trunk of a fully grown tree and into the trunk of a second, which cracked under the impact. And he knew pain.

She stalked towards him, taking her time, savoring the experience.

A scream of rage came from her left. Wolverine was on his feet, and charging. She side-stepped his swipes and kicked him in the chest. He went flying, plowing through tree after tree after tree until he finally tumbled to a stop out of Spider-Man's line of sight.

"You're slippery, and your friend is hard to kill, but I think this is over, now."

"You're not wrong," came an unexpected voice: the voice of Emma Frost, her eyes glowing

Spider-Man looked up, and Divine whirled to face the new threat. The Kryptonian got as far as looking into Emma's glowing eyes before her eyes rolled back in her head and she collapsed, hitting the ground with a disproportionately loud thump.

The X-Men had arrived.

"Glad you could... make it..." Spider-Man wheezed.

"You know us," Cyclops replied, "We never like to miss a party."

Spider-Man's vision was beginning to blur. He tried to stand, but a wave of dizziness sent him to his knees.

Oh, right. He was bleeding. And hurting. And probably had a concussion. And might have broken a few bones. And...

The world went dim.



* * *



The Sentry came back to awareness in a hospital bed, and hurting everywhere. This was a first. What had...? The events at the park came rushing back. Shame overwhelmed him. Worse than the physical pain. Worse than the pain in his arm.

"Bob?" His wife's voice. "Bob, are you ok? I was so scared...!"

He didn't look at her. Couldn't look at her.

"He needs time to recover." Tony. Tony Stark was here.

"I've never seem him so..." There was pity in her tone, and his shame burned all the brighter.

He tried to sit up. "I... she... HURT me."

And for the first time since he'd thrown the creature into the sun, he heard an echo, a voice like the Void's in his thoughts but... different. "Yes," it said, its laughter loud and mocking, "Isn't it precious?"

He clenched his eyes shut.

"Bob, I'm here," his wife - Lindy - said. "I'm here for you. You just rest now. You have to get better."

He tried to sit up, tried to pull out the IV with its adamantium needle feeding nutrients into his arm. Tried to... he fumbled at it for a few moments. "I have to... I have top stop her," he said. I'm the only one powerful enough to..."

"It's under control, Sentry," Tony said. "The X-Men took care of it."

He met Tony's gaze. "I have to... she's... nobody's ever... I'm the only one who can..."

"No, you aren't. She's a Kryptonian, Sentry. Against her, you're a liability."

Sentry sat up in shock, ignoring the pain that roared through his body at the movement. "WHAT?"

"You've got the power of a million exploding suns," Tony said, trying to be as gentle as he could, "She draws power from the sun. Do the math."

The Sentry clenched his one still functional fist. "Impossible..." he muttered.

Tony sighed. "The X-Men have her under control, Sentry. She's dealt with. Don't get involved."

The sound of footsteps. Tony was leaving. The door opened. The door shut.

"Bob?" Lindy asked. "Bob, look at me, please."

He sank back down onto his bed, unable or unwilling to meet his wife's gaze. She took a deep breath. He'd upset her. He knew that. But he couldn't... he couldn't... he...

The sound of footsteps. The door opened. The door shut. His wife had left.

Robert Reynolds stared blankly at the ceiling, left alone with himself, and the laughter of the Void rang loudly in his mind.

End Chapter 11



* * *



Author's note: Many thanks to joehundredaire for his assistance with this and other chapters





*Chapter 12*: The X Factor


			"Are you serious?" The speaker was in his early thirties, maybe. Brown hair, brown eyes, 5'11" or so, wearing a green shirt with two parallel rows of yellow circles, a black jacket, black slacks, black shoes. His name was Jamie Madrox, he was seated in Scott Summers' office, and he was currently regarding Scott with the most dubious of looks.

"Very," Scott replied.

"Why us? Hell, why haven't you handed her over to SHIELD? They're sure as hell better equipped to investigate something like this."

"SHIELD doesn't have the means to keep her under wraps. We do. And why you?" Scott met Jamie's gaze. "You're good at what you do, and you're a known factor. An ally. We know we can trust you to do the right thing. And a friend recommended you."

Jamie scoffed. "You remember who you're talking to, right?"

"I remember," Scott said.

"So you want to hire us to trace this girl - who doesn't exist according to official records - back to whoever it is that was pulling her strings - a man who might not even exist in this dimension?"

"That's right."

"... You know that we're busy with our own investigations, right?"

Scott nodded.

Jamie sighed. "We'll see what we can do. No promises, but we'll do what we can."

Scott smiled. "I knew I could count on you."

"Yeah, yeah."

Jamie didn't particularly like that Scott Summers thought of him as a 'known factor.' Something in him chafed at that. Reminded him of what that duplicate had said, after M-Day. It bothered him that the dupe's words resonated so strongly, but there they were:

The fly in the ointment.

The spanner in the works.

Unpredictable.



* * *



A New World in my View

by P.H. Wise

An X-Men Crossover Fanfic

Chapter 12: The X-Factor

Disclaimer: The DC Universe and its associated characters is the property of DC comics. The Marvel Universe and its associated characters is the property of Marvel Entertainment LLC. Buffy the Vampire Slayer is Joss Whedon's baby.



* * *



"So that's Divine, huh?" Noriko asked.

Karen nodded. A woman named Rogue had brought them down, and was in another room at the moment, but probably going to be out at any moment. She and her friends stood at the entrance to the titanium-steel holding cell. With its walls and door reinforced with a force shield plus a nullification field able to render a mutant unable to use their powers, the cell would have been enough for most threats. Divine, though, was not a mutant, and the nullification field would do to her precisely nothing. So what dominated the cell was a bit nonstandard: no bed, no toilet, no chain or shackles, but a large transparent stasis tube inside which Power Girl's clone rested, held in suspended animation.

It was weird, looking down at a mirror image of herself. Well, except for the hair color.

"I hear Miss Frost is planning to rewrite her brain," Julian said, making a stabbing motion as if it somehow helped to emphasize 'rewriting.' "Just gonna go in there, fry her synapses, and then rewrite her from the ground up."

"I'm sure Miss Frost would never dream of doing such an awful act, even to an enemy," Cessily said. Everyone looked at her. She blushed. "... OK, she'd do it in a heartbeat if she thought she had to."

"Is that OK?" Laurie asked. "Is that really any different from killing her?"

An uncomfortable silence fell.

"Well, what other choice is there?" Cessily asked.

"Good question."

The speaker was one Karen didn't recognize. She'd heard the girl approaching - super hearing and all. She turned. The girl was blonde, her hair in pig tails. She had green eyes, and she wore a white tank-top over a blue skirt with orange and black striped leggings.

"You a new student?" Julian asked, and folded his arms. "You know you shouldn't be down here without a teacher, right?"

"I know lots of things," the girl replied. Karen pegged her as somewhere in the neighborhood of sixteen, maybe. Hard to tell.

Karen raised an eyebrow. "Oh yeah? Like what?"

The girl shrugged. "I know you've got an appointment you're not going to want to be late for, today. And that going home is going to make you angry."

Noriko made a face. "What are you, a fortune teller?"

The girl shrugged a second time.

"Then I'm not impressed," Noriko said. "I can do way better than that. 'A meeting with a stranger will change your life.'" She gestured to the stasis tank where Divine slept. "Or how about 'I sense that you're having a problem with a friend or relative'?"

The girl gave Noriko an annoyed look, but said nothing.

"Who are you, anyways?" Karen asked.

The girl smiled, as if amused by a private joke. "I'm Layla Miller," she said. She might have gone on, but a voice called down the hall at that moment.

"Layla!" Woman's voice. Scottish accent.

The group turned. A woman with short red hair was fast approaching. "When Jamie said you could tag along, I doubt he meant 'could sneak into off-limits parts of the mansion'," she said.

"Rahne?" Noriko asked.

The woman smiled. "Hello, everyone. Keeping out of trouble?"

"Your hair," Laurie said, staring.

Rahne grinned, running her fingers through her buzz-cut hair. "Figured it was time for a change," she said. "You like it?"

Laurie nodded. "It looks good," she lied.

Layla shrugged, then. "We going?"

Rahne gave Layla an irritated look. "Aye," she said.

Karen and the others exchanged glances as the two made their way back the way Rahne had come.



* * *



Three hundred soldiers dead. Six combat helicopters destroyed. Two humvees destroyed. Half a mile of public land reduced to a series of pockmarked craters. The mission only saved from complete disaster by the intervention of assets from the Avengers and the X-Men. To say that Maria Hill was having a bad day was to understate the matter. She'd never felt any particular urge to drink profusely, but about now it seemed like a reasonable thing to do.

The day after the biggest failure her career had ever known, a failure which had in all likelihood torpedoed that career and sent it straight to the bottom, Maria Hill sank into her office chair. She had been... wrong.

And here he was, President of the United States on her personal comm-channel, ready to tell her all about the mistake she'd made.

"I expect your resignation by tomorrow," he said.

"I don't work for you, sir," she replied. "SHIELD is an international agency under the purview of the United Nations. I know we like to pretend differently, but it would require a full vote by the security council..."

"The vote is scheduled for Tuesday."

That was it then. The sense of resignation she felt must have showed on her face, because his expression softened.

"For what it's worth, Maria, I'm sorry it turned out this way. You're a good agent, but you made a monumentally bad call. The sort of bad call I can't just sweep under the rug."

She didn't reply. Didn't look up.

"Do you really intend to put SHIELD through this? The official investigation into your mistake? A complete neutering of its ability to function while the wheels of the bureaucracy move towards your dismissal? Don't disappoint me, Maria."

Silence. He disconnected a moment later. Three hundred dead. She'd been wrong. So very, very wrong.

And there, alone, in the dark, Maria Hill said what she could never say in public. Not to Tony. Not to Captain America. Not even to the President of the United States. Never in a million years. There, in the dark, whispered to the empty room: "... I'm sorry."

It didn't help.



* * *



The responsibilities of a king were many. It was more than just being a head of state. The king and his land were one, as the king and his people were one. Namor, King of Atlantis, had privilege beyond those of any ordinary Atlantean, but with that privilege came responsibilities. Sometimes, meeting those responsibilities brought him grief. Sometimes, meeting those responsibilities was a pleasure. Taking vengeance upon the one who had maimed Namorita - his cousin and member of the royal family of Atlantis - would be the latter.

He and his honor guard stood at the gates of the Xavier Institute for Higher Learning, and he was not impressed with what he saw.

"Sir, you'll have to wait," the soldier at the gate told him. "I need to check this with my superior."

They would have him wait? They would have him 'go through channels?' "I think not," he replied.

He went through the gate. Literally. A mass of twisted, discarded metal was all that was left in his wake. His honor guard followed him through, and the guard stared, dumbfounded.

Two Sentinels were on them eight seconds later. "Halt! This is a restricted area! You will drop your weapons and place your hands over your head!"

Sentinels. They had sent Sentinels to face him. The X-Men under guard. Hundreds of mutants living in what he could only describe as an ethnic ghetto here on the grounds of the institute, tents mingling with more permanent structures right up to the mansion itself. Did they suppose that because his human half bore the mutant genome that he felt threatened by such machines? Only one response could be made.

"IMPERIUS REX!"

He shot into the air and delivered a titanic blow to the first robot's midsection, the fist of a king against reinforced armor plating. The armor plating lost that fight. The robot fell, a five foot hole ripped through it by the power of the Atlantean king.

"TARGET IS HOSTILE!" the panicked voice of the other Sentinel called, and that piqued his curiousity. These creatures had always been emotionless. Now they knew fear? "ENGAGING!"

"HOLD!" a woman's voice called from the back of an approaching jeep. "Stand down, Sentinels!" A blonde woman. Impressive, as surfaces went. More impressive, the Sentinel did as she commanded, lowering its arm: the two which had been en route from the other side of the grounds halted in mid-air. The jeep pulled up in front of him, and the woman turned towards him. "My apologies, King Namor. We didn't know you were coming."

"The failure of SHIELD to inform you of my impending visit is not my concern," he replied. "You are Valerie Cooper, are you not? Where are the X-Men, Miss Cooper?"

Valerie gestured to the mansion. "My men have sent word of your arrival. I'd like to keep 'misunderstandings' to a minimum."

"We shall see," he replied. Not the most diplomatic answer he could have given, but an honest one.

He made his way to the mansion, leaving a very worried looking Valerie Cooper in his wake.



* * *



Two hours. Two hours till her appointment with Stephen Strange. Two hours till she returned to her own body. Two hours until all of this was nothing but a memory. Karen - or was it Xander? - shook her head. "How do you tell someone about something like this?" she wondered aloud. "Do you just go up to them and say, 'hey, I just thought you should know, I'm actually a guy from another universe who's been stuck in this body for the last few months, and now I'm going back to my old body and my old home'?"

Kara gave Karen a level look. "They're your friends, aren't they?"

"Yeah, but... I dunno. Maybe if I hadn't lied about it at the beginning, but..." she trailed off. "I don't think any of them would be my friends if I hadn't."

"You don't give them enough credit. They're better people than you think."

"Maybe. But I'm pretty sure I wouldn't be very understanding about something like that, so, yeah, I'm having a hard time seeing them blowing it off and being all, 'no big deal!'"

They were in the bathroom in the room Karen shared with Noriko. Or rather, they were just leaving it, the sound of the flushing toilet loud in the room for a moment, followed by the sound of the water faucet as she took a moment to wash her hands. Once, Karen had been absolutely mortified by  well, ordinary, day to day biological processes in her new body. Now, it just was. The idea of shaving her legs had seemed like a blow to her masculinity. Now, well, with Kara's knowledge of how her power worked, Karen had used her heat vision to produce the same effect as laser hair removal: not permanent removal, but a permanent reduction of hair growth. She only needed to touch it up once a week or so at this point, and that no longer bothered her. A lot of things no longer bothered her, and it kind of bothered her that they no longer bothered her, if that made any sense. A little less than three months seemed like too short a time for things to stop bothering her.

Well, it made sense to Karen, anyways.

"What's the first thing you're going to do when you get back into your real body?" Kara asked.

Karen blushed.

The look on Kara's face at that moment was one difficult to fully describe. "... Seriously?" she asked.

Karen blushed more. 'What? A guy's got needs, and so does a girl, and you never let me...' She tried not to continue that line of thought. She was entirely unsuccessful, and in another moment, she was blushing so much that even her ears turned red.

"A girl may have needs," Kara said, "But the idea of letting a guy controlling her body service them for her is too creepy for words, OK?"

'Almost three months...' Karen thought woefully.

"You think I don't know that?  Can we talk about something else?"

Karen left the room, then, heading down the halls of the Xavier Institute, passing Kitty Pryde and Rachel Grey in the hall. Rachel's expression when she looked Karen's way was comparable to what Kara's had been a few moments earlier.

'... That girl's a telepath,' Karen thought.

Rachel continued to stare.

"Yup," Kara said, blushing almost as intensely as Karen.

'She just heard everything we just said.'

Now Rachel was blushing.

"Yup," Kara said.

'... Death is looking like kind of an appealing alternative right now,' Karen thought.

"Yup," Kara said.

Kitty tugged on Rachel's arm, and the two of them went off down the hall.

'... Well it's not like I've got any shortage of times I've humiliated myself in front of a cute girl,' Karen thought despondently.

"It's not THAT bad," Kara said.

Karen shook her head. 'OK. New subject. What are YOU going to do when you get your body back under your control?'

"Take a bath. Fly to the moon and back. See if anyone needs my help.  Go home." A pause. "I wonder if it's been three months back home?" Kara asked, not really expecting an answer. "... I hope Atlee's OK."

Karen smiled. 'I'm looking forward to seeing Willow and Buffy again.' Her smile faded. 'God,' she thought, 'I even miss CORDELIA, and I'm treasurer of the 'We Hate Cordelia' club.'

"The 'We Hate Cordelia Club'?" Kara asked.

'Don't ask.'

"IMPERIUS REX!" someone shouted, followed by the sound of ripping metal and a gut-wrenching impact.

In a flash, Karen was outside, flying, zooming along towards the entrance to the mansion.

A Sentinel was down. A man with black hair and pointed ears was leading a group of blue-skinned people with face-masks towards the mansion.

Karen landed in their path. "OK," she said, "I don't know what your problem is, but if you intend to attack this " she trailed off as she noticed the blonde woman in the approaching jeep who was frantically waving to get her attention. "You're not actually hostile, are you?" she asked, feeling somewhat embarrassed.

Namor smirked. "You must be the original," he said, holding up his arm: his honor guard halted.

Karen glanced towards the approaching jeep, then back to Namor. "You're here about Divine, huh?"

Namor nodded. "Your clone stands accused of the attempted murder of a member of the Atlantean royal family. As King of Atlantis, I intend to see to it that she be transferred to my custody."

Karen stared.

"He can't be serious," Kara muttered.

"You can't be serious," Karen echoed, and then mentally frowned, 'Why can't he be serious?' she asked.

"She's one of the most deadly creatures on the planet. Taking her out stasis - and more importantly, out of Emma's control - is a recipe for disaster."

Karen echoed Kara's words, and Namor scowled. "You had best pray that the X-Men do not agree with your opinion on the matter. I will not be denied this."

Karen shook her head. "Whatever. Nice to meet you, Aquaman." With that, she rocketed up into the air and kept going until she hit orbit, leaving an offended and slightly puzzled Namor to wonder: '... Aquaman?'



* * *



Sagan once said, 'the Cosmos is all that is or ever was or ever will be. Our feeblest contemplations of the Cosmos stir us - there is a tingling in the spine, a catch in the voice, a faint sensation of a distant memory, as if we were falling from a great height. We know we are approaching the greatest of mysteries.' And there, floating in space with all the earth below her, watching the interplay of the solar wind and the earth's magnetosphere, Karen felt all of that and more. Kara's powers were beyond amazing. She could see... so much. Hear so much. This she would remember. However briefly, a boy from Sunnydale, and undeserving of such a bounty, had walked among the stars. It looked so different. So much grander than what she knew. She was seeing parts of the universe that humanity had never been equipped to perceive. And there was the Earth floating in the middle of it all, so finite, so lonely, the whole human species carried on its back. And it was... pretty.

Karen frowned. Calling it 'pretty' didn't even come close, but she didn't have a better word. She shook her head. 'I should be used to this by now,' she thought.

Kara smiled.

'You're used to it, right?'

"To an extent," Kara replied. "It never stops forming the context of your daily life. And that context will always separate Kryptonians from human beings. You see the spectrum of visible light. We see everything."

'There's not a lot about being in your body that I'm going to miss,' Karen thought. '... But this, this I'm going to miss.'

She floated there for a good ten minutes, watching as the sun's terminator line spread across the Midwest. Watching as the world woke up, watching as the occasional satellite passed by in the distance. Watching and hearing the radio-song of the Earth's magnetosphere.

And then she spotted the enormous high-tech space station with three futuristic star ships docked at it, a fourth departing, and a fifth on approach.

"No way," she muttered. Or tried to. It was hard to talk in a vacuum. She didn't need to breathe at this point: the yellow sunlight supplied all the sustenance she needed, but it still felt weird to feel the air empty out of her lungs with her attempt at speech.

'The hell is that?' Karen wondered.

"Don't ask me," Kara replied. "This isn't my world."

A small vessel undocked from the space station and made its way over towards her, coming closer and closer, and then...

'Well, well,'Irma's telepathic voice said all at once. 'Between making Rachel blush worse than I've ever seen, offending the King of Atlantis, and now violating the airspace of... OK, I'm not sure what that is, you've racked up an impressive tally of accomplishments in the last hour, haven't you?'

'Urk,' Karen thought.

'Get back down here before those space ships decide to open fire. We need to talk.'

Karen glanced at Kara's ghostly form and found no help there. With a shrug, she descended. She went slowly in order to not burn up her clothing on reentry, but her shoes still got a little singed. Irma was broadcasting her location, which was good: it would have been hard to hone in on a single individual from orbit, otherwise, Karen spotted her far, far below, standing next to the entrance of the maze on the grounds of the Xavier estate.

She descended. Landed without a sound.

"Hey," she said.

Irma looked up. "Hey," she replied.

A pause. "You weren't planning to say goodbye," Irma said. A statement of fact. An undertone of anger. Ice beneath that.

Karen looked down at the ground. "I... uh..."

"Don't bother, Xander," Irma said. "I already know every excuse you've invented for this. I never pegged you for a coward, before."

That struck a chord. For the span of maybe half a second, Karen felt a deep, angry resentment. For the span of maybe half a second, she kind of hated Irma. And then she felt ashamed. "What was I supposed to say?" she asked.

"'Goodbye'," Irma said. "That's all. I know what's going to happen, Xander. I know that I'm not going to see you again in that body. Maybe not ever. And even if I do, you'll be different. I just thought that maybe you wouldn't leave without saying goodbye."

She was angry. Karen felt like she kind of deserved it. What happened next was more instinct than anything else: she moved in, took Irma into her arms, and kissed her. A deep, prolonged kiss, filled with longing, and with that bittersweet sense of impermanence. Irma welcomed it, leaning into her. And when it was over, Karen looked into Irma's eyes and whispered, "... Goodbye."

And then she was airborne again, flying again, moving off towards Doctor Strange's home, scrubbing at her eyes and calling herself an idiot the whole way.



* * *



The Sentry had spent the day in pain. Robert Reynolds had spent the day in pain. Reed Richards had done his best to accelerate the healing process, and the advanced technology of the Baxter building's medical facilities were indeed a wonder: provided he went in for a treatment every day, the Sentry would be fully healed within a week. A compound fracture, fully healed, one week.

The idea that he had been injured at all still burned like a brand to the gut. Only one creature had ever been able to hurt him, and he had thrown it into the sun. The Void would be back. He knew that. It always came back. Always undid all the good he'd accomplished. Always. But now, this... Divine could hurt him.

Divine.

Tony said to leave her alone. The X-Men had it handled. Reed agreed with Tony, and that hurt. A rational person might have taken their warnings for what they were: a reflection of a unique situation wherein his power set happened to be a bad match up against the villain's. It happened to everyone, Reed had said. That was one reason why you had team mates. If the villain fed on fire, Johnny had the rest to fall back on. If the villain grew more powerful with kinetic impact, The Thing could rely on his team mates to find another way to take it down. It happened.

It didn't happen to the Sentry.

Bob Reynolds, not a rational man, was curled up with his arms around his legs, one arm still in the armored cast that Reed had made for it, rocking back and forth on a church pew. It was dark. He was alone. And someone had hurt him. He didn't know how long he stayed like that, ignoring CLOC, ignoring the whole world. He just knew that it hurt, and it shouldn't.

It was a Victorian church. Wood construction. High ceilings that peaked in the middle. Two rows of pews. Stained glass windows along the eastern wall, lit up with the light of the morning sun. A crucifix on the front wall, and an altar before it on the stage, and a pulpit in front of that. He'd come here because it was empty.

But it wasn't empty.

He heard the man's approach long before he saw him. Soft on his feet, but loud for one with super-hearing. Footsteps on the rich, burgundy carpet that went the length of the church, between the two rows of pews. A presence. He kept rocking.

"What troubles you, my son?" asked a kindly voice.

An older man with white hair dressed in a black suit with a white shirt, a black tie, and a silver cross hanging down over the tie. He was smiling, and Bob stopped rocking, looked up and met his gaze for a good six seconds. The man didn't look away. Bob did.

"Is it your injury which brings you here?" the man asked. "Do you seek the Lord's healing?"

"She shouldn't have been able to hurt me," Bob muttered.

The old man smiled grimly at that. "A woman did this to you, then? I might have known."

Bob looked up.

"It's no mystery, son. By the actions of one woman in the Garden of Eden, all mankind was made to suffer. Theirs has ever been the sex more prone to wickedness. A woman tempted man into sin," he looked a bit rueful, "As a woman once tempted me into sin. To forsake my divine calling. It's no mystery at all."

Bob shook his head, his thoughts growing clearer now. "No," he said. "There was no garden. Women aren't... who are you?"

"Me? I am the Lord's humble servant. But if you need a name, then I am the Reverend William Stryker. This is my church you have sought refuge within, and it is open to all who are in need."

Bob's expression became more closed off. More guarded. "You're being tried for attempted murder."

"A vicious lie. The devil moves against God's chosen, son. He fears the good work we might do." He sat down next to Bob, then, putting a hand on the Sentry's shoulder. "When a man comes through those doors in your state, it's usually because he wants to talk. The Lord is here for you, young man. As his his servant."

Silence for about fifteen seconds. And then, "... I thought I was rid of the Void," Bob whispered. "I threw him into the sun. But he always comes back."

Stryker hid his smile, and nodded along sympathetically. He knew who Sentry was. He had heard of the Void. Most people had. "This 'Void' has returned?"

"I heard him," Bob confessed. "When I fought with... her. Divine. I heard the Void's laughter."

"And you'd like to know what that means."

Bob didn't answer.

"Son, I am no Sentry. The all-mighty never saw fit to bless me with any form of power beyond what is common to all his children: the indwelling of the holy spirit. But that girl, that girl who falsely claims the title of 'Divine,' let's consider her a moment, shall we?" Stryker paused, wetting his lips with his tongue before he went on. "Her powers mirror your own, do they not? Hers and her sister's?"

Bob nodded. "I... yes, they do."

"And there are two of them. One light, one dark. What does that say to you?"

Bob shivered. One light. One dark. One serving the cause of good, one in the service of wickedness. Powers that mirrored his own. He didn't want to think about the implications of that idea.

"If this situation really is what it appears to be, can you really afford not to take action?"

"But the light only made her stronger... she only grew more powerful..."

"The Lord once directed his servant Gideon to attack the Midianites under cover of darkness," Stryker said.

"I..." Bob shook his head. "No. You're not... I shouldn't listen to you."

"Gideon doubted as well. Listen to me, Sentry, and listen well: God does not require blind obedience. Behold, I shall perform a miracle. Give me your maimed arm."

Bob looked doubtfully down at his cast, then at Stryker. He rose to his feet, then. "It was a mistake to come here," he muttered. "You're trying to manipulate me. You've got a grudge against the X-Men, and you know that their mansion is where she's being held..."

"Give me your maimed arm, son. If God does not restore you here and now, then you can be on your way and content in the knowledge that I am but a senile old man, as deluded as he is foolish."

Bob started to leave. The laughter of the Void rang out in his thoughts once more, and he stopped in his tracks. He turned, and he offered his arm, cast and all, to William Stryker.

Stryker laid his hands upon Bob's arm above and below the cast. "Lord God all-mighty, your servant the Sentry stands now at a crossroads in his life, a terrible choice, with every path shrouded in darkness. All mighty God, just as Gideon once asked for and received a sign of your favor, I now ask you to bestow a sign upon the Sentry to show him your will. Bring healing to him as you have brought healing to so many throughout the ages." His voice rose, gaining a richness and a power that it had lacked before, "I ask that you knit these bones back together, and do the work of healing your servant here and now, oh Lord!"

The sensation of pins and needles began in the Sentry's arm, and soon it spread, down to the tips of his fingers, up to the top of his head.

"In Jesus name," Stryker cried, his voice reaching a crescendo, "And for his sake I ask this, in order that your servant might know your will!" And then Stryker looked Bob in the eye and said, "Sentry, In the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, be healed!"

There was a flare of something white-hot in his arm, and Bob jerked away from Stryker. The cast cracked down the middle and fell to the ground, and the pain vanished, and Bob stared at his arm in wonder: all sign of the injury was gone. "... What?"

And Stryker grinned like a madman. "The sign is given," he said.

"This is..." Sentry began.

"A miracle," Stryker finished.



* * *



"You think she actually thinks she's foolin' anyone with that fake English accent?" Rahne Sinclair asked, her own Scottish accent a little thicker than normal. Probably in reaction to having been in the presence of Emma Frost.

Jamie raised an eyebrow. "What?"

"Emma," Rahne said. "She and hers are an old Boston family."

They were back at the main office for X-Factor Investigations: a low rent place in what used to be Mutant Town over near Alphabet City on Manhattan Island. A call had been sent out, and now they were waiting for the rest of the team to check in before they started work on the Divine case.

Jamie thought about that for a moment.

"You're hearing it, right?" Rahne put on a really bad imitation on an intense Boston accent, then, which came out sounding the bastard child of a Bostonian and a deep Southern accent: "'Ah'm Emma Frawst. The concaht last night was wicked pissa.'"

"I make it a point never to make fun of a woman who can kill me with her brain," Jamie said.

Rahne made a dismissive gesture.

They heard the sound of Strong Guy making his way up the stairs to the office, then, followed by the tell-tale shriek of Siryn's arrival. M was a little less obvious about it, and once the last of them had arrived, Layla made her way up the stairs and into the office from where she'd been waiting out front.

"OK," Jamie said. "So the X-Men have a job for us. They're even paying us and everything." A very slight smirk. "Makes it all official."

"Don't we already have jobs?" Strong Guy asked, playing the fool for all that he knew better.

"That we do," Jamie said. "And we're not dropping everything for this. It looks big, but it might be a wild goose chase. We'll see. Either way, we're getting paid."

"What's the catch?" Rictor asked.

"Have a look for yourself," Jamie replied, opening up the manila envelope and depositing the papers he'd gotten from Scott Summers on the desk. The others gathered round.

"Divine?" M asked. "Jamie, please tell me we're not investigating whoever might be backing the girl who murdered the New Warriors?"

"We're not investigating whoever might be backing the girl who murdered the New Warriors," Jamie replied easily.

M sighed. "It doesn't work if you lie, darling."

Rahne looked at Layla crossways, then, "What about you, then?" she asked. "You know stuff, aye? What do you know about this?"

Layla shrugged.

"What, no 'you're going to want to take this case'?" Rahne asked.

"I'm not a magic 8-ball," Layla replied. "And I'm pretty sure you can make up your own minds about this one."

M passed the papers she'd been examining to Rictor. "So that's all Emma was able to get out of her mind? Description of some guy who showed up and steered her towards the Stamford house?"

"Well, that and a replica of the business card he showed her," Jamie said. "Did I forget to mention that?" he produced the card from his pocket and set it on the table face down. After a moment, he flipped it over to display the front.

The back of the card showed the neatly handwritten address of the Stamford house.

The front of the card showed the image of a skull atop six curled tentacles.

"... Bollocks," M said.

End Chapter 12





*Chapter 13*: The Unjoining


			Rupert Giles sat at the desk in his office in the Sunnydale High School library, reading over a book on Sumerian mythology. Reading for pleasure was more of a luxury for him than it used to be: the majority of his reading for the last year and a half had been dictated by necessity. Such was the price one paid for being Watcher to an active Slayer, though he rather thought that the Watcher journals should have mentioned that particular price in advance.

It was January 21. The day after Buffy's birthday. Between the threat of the Judge being rebuilt and everything else that had happened, nobody had felt much like celebrating, but he'd insisted. If Buffy Summers was to meet her responsibilities as Slayer, she needed, he had come to believe, a very real sense of what she was fighting for. Friends. Birthdays. Dates. A sense of the world she was protecting. And yet he worried. He worried about his Slayer. About her friends. About the fact that she was dating a vampire. About the fact that they had sent said Vampire to take the arm of the judge away to Tibet. About the fact that he had not heard back from his Slayer since she'd left to see Angel to the docks last night.

The bell rang. Seven fifteen. First period was about to begin. Giles set his book down on the desk, placed a book mark between the pages, and shut it with a thump.

Abruptly, the temperature dropped five degrees. The hair on the back of his neck stood on end. Goosebumps went up and down his arms. Fearing the worst, Giles rose to his feet and walked out into the main area of the library.

A tiny mote of light hung suspended in mid-air, directly above the point he knew to correspond to the physical location of the Hellmouth.

Rupert Giles' mouth went dry as he stared at the point of light. "Dear Lord," he murmured.

The point of light pulsed, growing ever so slightly larger.

The door to the library opened, and Buffy rushed through. The sight of her, alive and intact, was not as great a relief as it would otherwise have been had there not been a point of light slowly growing into being above the Hellmouth, but he took what comfort he could.

"Giles!" she called. "The Judge is..." she trailed off, staring at the point of light. "Oh God. Is the world ending again?"

He shook his head. "I, I'm not sure."

And far, far away, in a reality far removed from the one in which Rupert Giles waited, Stephen Strange continued to chant the words of the long ritual which would open the way between worlds.



* * *



A New World in my View

by P.H. Wise

An X-Men Crossover Fanfic

Chapter 13: The Unjoining

Disclaimer: The DC Universe and its associated characters is the property of DC comics. The Marvel Universe and its associated characters is the property of Marvel Entertainment LLC. Buffy the Vampire Slayer is Joss Whedon's baby.



* * *



Karen sat at the center of a great magical seal, lines of power coursing around her, the voice of Doctor Stephen Strange rising and falling as he chanted a sonorous Latin chant. The ritual was an extended one. One that would take hours. Her home reality was a distant one, and even the likes of Stephen Strange could not open a gate between the two as easily as flipping a switch. It was now forty five minutes into the ritual. The air seemed to hum. If Kara's body had any fillings, they'd probably have been vibrating. The device - the damaged Draconian Katra - was fitted snugly to her left hand. And she was bored out of her mind.

It might seem strange, being bored to tears sitting in the middle of a mystic circle as the Sorcerer Supreme prepared the spell that would send you home, but after the first half hour, Latin chanting and ominous pulses of energy start to lose their charm. At least, that's how Karen justified it in her own mind. Could be that she was also just an extremely shallow person, but she preferred to think that anyone would react the same if they were stuck in a magical circle with one foot half asleep, the other fully asleep, not enough room to stretch them out and fix the problem, and kind of having to go to the bathroom.

Karen had arrived almost two hours earlier, been greeted by Wong, and then been shown into the study to wait.

Doctor Strange had arrived to meet her half an hour later. The conversation between them had been... memorable.

"I remember how to use the artifact, Doctor. You told me yesterday. I don't forget things like that.  Not since I wound up in this body, anyways."

The room reminded Karen of the Sunnydale library. it was the smell more than anything else. Musty old books, she supposed, smelled the same no matter which dimension you were in. The walls were lined with bookshelves, and she had only just stood up from where she'd been waiting in a very comfortable chair next to a reading desk in front of a crackling fire.

Strange smiled. "Then you also remember that there's no guarantee that you'll be deposited in the same spot as your body. You should expect a variance of anywhere from a dozen feet to a few miles. Either way, it should not prove a problem."

Karen nodded. "Thank you, Doctor."

Kara nodded her agreement. "Yes, thank you." She smiled hopefully. "It's hard to imagine this nightmare is almost over."

Karen frowned. "I haven't been that bad, have I?"

Kara gave Karen a look. "You try going from being twenty five one second, teen hormone city the next and see how you feel," she said.

Karen blinked. "... Oh."

Kara smiled apologetically. "... the whole 'I'm fully aware of everything that happens to me but a prisoner in my own body for almost three months' didn't help, either. No offense, Karen, but that's..."

Karen looked uncomfortable. "I... I guess I never thought of it that way. For what it's worth, I'm sorry."

"You're forgiven," Kara replied. Then she smiled. "It's not actually your fault. But I might have a conversation with that Chaos mage once we get to your reality."

Karen looked to the Doctor, then, something having occurred to her suddenly. "Doctor Strange," she began. The good Doctor looked her way. "Back when you were helping the Fantastic Four to, er, test me, I never asked, but what would you have done if I'd failed?"

Doctor Strange met Karen's gaze. "Understand that before your arrival, we were still reeling from the fallout of a powerful ally's descent into madness. She was a woman with the power to reshape reality. A Chaos mage, and a mutant. In her madness, she brought untold suffering to countless others. People died. We did not want to take the risk of such a thing ever occurring again, and..."

Kara raised an eyebrow. "Would you have killed us?" she asked, interrupting the Sorcerer Supreme.

That seemed to take him aback. He replied after an uncomfortable pause. "Likely not," he said. "Likely we would have exiled you, as we did to another who proved too dangerous to allow to remain on the Earth."

"As you did to another?"

A look of guilt crossed Stephen's face, then. "It was a difficult decision. One we arrived at after much deliberation."

Kara stared at Doctor Strange, and it was Doctor Strange who looked away.

"I have preparations to make," Strange said. "Wong will show you in when it is time." He walked out of the room, and the door shut behind him.

"... Can we not make the man who's sending us home angry at us?" Karen asked.

Kara didn't reply.



* * *



So here Karen was. Here she waited. Kara hadn't spoken since the conversation with Doctor Strange.

The chant went on.



* * *



"No, Stryker," the Sentry said. "You and yours will not accompany me. I will go to Xavier's at sundown, alone, and attempt to discern the truth of this."

Stryker smiled. "Of course, son. Of course. You must do as your conscience demands." He produced a device, then. "Take this with you. It will shield you from their telepaths. Consider it a gift from the Lord." He pressed the device into Sentry's hands.

As quickly as that, the Sentry was gone. There was a rush of wind, and then nothing. Stryker raised his arm, and pressed his finger into a spot just above his elbow. The tactile hologram which had disguised his artificial limb faded, revealing the new arm in its place: Nimrod's arm. A tiny display showed Sentry's location. Once the man was gone, Stryker produced a phone from his pocket and tapped out a text message. He dared not speak the message aloud for fear that the Sentry would hear him, but this was reasonably secure as far as Bob Reynolds went. The message read: 'It is time to win the war between heaven and hell.'

Stryker left an hour later at the head of a small army of Purifiers.



* * *



"You must realize that we can't release her to you," Emma said. She, Scott and Namor were in Scott's meticulously organized office. Namor's honor guard waited outside. The sun had only just set, and a faint glow lingered in the western sky.

"And why is that?" Namor asked, being very, very patient.

"The Avengers gave her into our custody with instructions that she be held until SHIELD proved able to hold her," Scott said. "She going to be tried for the murder of the New Warriors and of three hundred soldiers."

Namor didn't like that answer. He didn't like it at all, and it showed on his face.

"I sympathize, but we can't just give her to you without..."

"I had not expected the X-Men to be government lapdogs," Namor said.

"Excuse me?" Scott asked.

"Do you also perform tricks on command?" Namor asked. "Have you grown so used to the presence of Sentinels upon your threshold that you think their presence right and natural? Do you not see what they have done to you? What they are doing to you?"

"Enlighten us," Emma said.

"How many mutants would you say now live upon the grounds of this institute?"

"As of today, six hundred and three," Scott replied.

"And they are sending more every day. You X-Men are able to come and go provided you have a military escort. Is the same true of your refugees?" A pause, and then Namor went on, "Of course it isn't. They're contained here. Why would your government allow the mutant problem free access to the outside world?"

"That's not what's going on here, Namor," Scott insisted.

Namor snorted. "Open your eyes, Summers. You are familiar with the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, are you not? Article 9. 'No one shall be subjected to arbitrary arrest, detention or exile'. Or perhaps your own American Constitution is more compelling to you? How about, 'No Soldier shall, in time of peace be quartered in any house, without the consent of the Owner, nor in time of war, but in a manner to be prescribed by law.' Tell me, did this Office of National Emergency ask your permission, or the permission of Charles Xavier to quarter troops upon these premises, or did they simply quarter them and then try to convince you that it was for the best?"

Neither Scott nor Emma spoke.

"One does not garrison a school and a private residence with military forces 'for your protection,' Summers. Neither does gathering an ethnic group together in an internment camp 'for their own protection' lead to better conditions for that group. And now they've enlisted you in the quartering of federal prisoners, and you go along with it? The plight of mutants is indeed dire, but I had not thought it was so dire that we had lost our pride."

Scott looked at the ground. "... You sound like Magneto."

"Do I?" Namor asked. "Then perhaps he has a point." He shook his head. "Give me the girl, Summers. You needn't be your government's lap dog. I have the means to contain her. I have read the briefing: psionics or magic. You need not fear. The greatest sorcerers of Atlantis are to be on hand for the transfer of Divine to our custody."

Scott began to reply, but whatever he might have said was ended before it could begin, cut off by the sound of an explosion coming from outside, followed by a brief burst of gunfire. A moment later, the mansion's alarms began to sound.

Scott glared. "What have done, Namor?"

Namor stood. "This is not my doing."



* * *



The caravan of vehicles inexorably made its way towards the Xavier Institute, each filled with purifiers. The Reverend William Stryker could not but laugh. Everything was going according to God's plan. Soon, the mutant problem would be no more. Soon, they would strike a blow for heaven! Soon, they would... police barricade?

Stryker frowned deeply. The road ahead was blocked. A police barricade. God was testing him. The whole caravan of purifiers came to a halt. He opened the door of his car and stepped out. "What seems to be the problem, officers?" he asked.

"William Stryker?" a man in a black business suit stepped forward.

"Reverend, if you please," he said.

"Reverend Stryker, my name is Special Agent Henry Dobbs. We've been monitoring you since you paid bail. I'm afraid I'm going to have to ask you to come with me."

Stryker laughed. How could he not? This pathetic worm of a man thought he could stand against the will of God? "I'm afraid I can't do that," he said, raising once more the arm he had been granted, the arm which covered the deformity inflicted upon him by the devil who called herself Power Girl. A garish pink light flared. A deep, awful sound thrummed out from the gauntlet as it gathered power, readying itself for the task of destroying this impediment. "I AM GOD'S INSTRUMENT!," he cried.

The last thing he saw was a muzzle flash from the roof behind the blockade. The bullet tore through his skull like tissue paper. He had no time to rail against his fate. He was afforded no opportunity to protest that this wasn't the way he was supposed to die. That he deserved better. His body jerked, and he collapsed, dead at the hands of the FBI. A split second late, the gun's report rang out.

The light of his gauntlet winked out.



* * *



The Sentry stood before Divine's stasis chamber, and a trail of wreckage showed the path he had taken, stretching out through the building, out the front doors which now lay blasted off their hinges, through the wreckage of yet another Sentinel whose pilot had made the mistake of attempting to stop him. The pilot lived. The Sentinel was another story. Here he stood. She looked almost peaceful, asleep like that. Almost... beautiful.

The Void was above all else, a liar. It offended him that it would take this form. The distinction in his mind between 'Power Girl's Void' and his 'Void' was fading. They were the same.

He ripped the stasis pod out of the wall, triggering alarms all across the building. A lesser creature would have been killed by the shock of coming out of cryo-sleep in such a manner. No precautions taken. No protections. Ripped from the cryo chamber by hands harder than diamonds and cast bodily through a reinforced bulkhead.

Divine drew breath, awoke, looked about blearily. Hospital scrubs adorned her form.

"You won't win this time, Void," The Sentry said. "I'm ready for you. I know your tricks. You think you can fool me by using my own powers against me, but that's not going to work again."

Her expression seemed unreadable to him, but her eyes gained focus. "You?" she asked incredulously. "Don't you learn?"

Time seemed to slow down for them both. The Sentry launched himself at her, hoping to bury his fist in her face. His anger bubbled and surged inside him like a living thing, egged on by the very sight of her perfection.

She moved just as fast, scrambling out of the way. His punch caved in the wall she'd come to a rest upon. It took her a full second to fully recover from being dumped from cryo-stasis into wakefulness, but for two opponents moving with such enhanced speed and reaction time, it seemed an eternity. She did not dodge his next twelve blows, caught the thirteenth in her hand, failed to she avoid the knee to the gut, and then she was fighting back, miniature sonic booms rippling through the sublevel as every punch thrown broke the sound barrier. Her eyes narrowed, fixed upon the device Stryker had given him. She feinted, and he was fooled, and she snatched the device off of his uniform.

"Why won't you just die," Sentry hissed. "Why must you plague me? Hound my every step? And now in THIS form? I... I want you to die!" They were comparable in terms of fighting skill. Both were more or less just one-two punch brawlers. And here, far from the light of the sun, Divine's strength was less than his. He gained the advantage, and he flung her headlong. Divine tumbled up through five sub-levels, the ground floor of the mansion, and into the hallway where Emma Frost was even then marshaling the X-Men against the threat which had emerged. Sentry was upon her an instant later, but she reacted slightly more quickly than he, pivoted, and redirected his flying charge, sending him through the wall and into the distance outside the mansion.

Divine's gaze met Emma's.

Emma Frost's eyes widened. She seemed to concentrate, and nothing happened.

Divine quickly deduced what had happened. The device! Of course, nobody who was attacking someone like that bitch who had invaded her mind would do so without a way to shield their thoughts. The device was... oh but this was too precious. "Not working, is it?" she asked, her voice filled with false pity. "Pretty sure I lifted a telepathic scrambler off tall blonde and stupid."

"I see," Emma said, not losing her composure. "What do you intend to do?"

Divine shook her head. "It's nothing personal, but without the scrambler, you're the single biggest threat to me there is. I can't have that." Her eyes flashed as she prepared to discharge a truly massive blast of heat into Emma's body.

Nothing happened.

Emma smirked. "Tell me something, little girl. Exactly what kind of fool do you take me for?"

Divine struggled visibly. She lunged for Emma, but her muscles locked up and she collapsed just short of touching the other woman. "... what did you do...?"

"I may not be able to access your mind, but I don't have to. I've had access to it for almost twenty four hours. That's more than enough time to install a few safety protocols. You can't hurt me. Literally can't. How does that feel?"

"I'll... kill... you..."

"I think not," Emma said, a note of contempt entering into her voice. "I had time to install a few other things as well, of course."

Divine struggled with herself, trying to force herself past the block, failing.

"An off-switch, for example." She met Divine's gaze. "Shibbole..." She was cut off in mid-word.

The Sentry was there once more, and had Emma Frost seized by the throat. "NO!" he roared into her face. "She is MINE to defeat!" He hurled her out the broken wall, and though Emma shifted to diamond form in mid flight, when she hit the ground three miles distant, the impact sent her into unconsciousness. Sentry met Divine's gaze. "This is between me and the Void."

That was when Namor slammed his fist into the back of the Sentry's head at full power, sending the Sentry reeling, his world tilted on its side by the force of the blow and the shockwaves it sent rippling through his grey matter. "She goes with me to answer for her crimes," he said, glaring down at the Sentry. And then he smirked. "For a man with superhuman senses, you are remarkably inattentive."

Divine began to move, now fully recovered. She lifted into the air and fled the building.

Namor was fast on her heels.

The forces of the Office of National Emergency opened fire, and Namor's honor guard as well, concentrating their fire on Divine, hammering her with bullets and electrical discharges from power tridents. She gave them little more thought than she would have a buzzing fly. Namor was more of a threat to her. His strength was problematically high, and he was fast, though not as fast as she was, and she might have been able to capitalize on it had she been more than the one-two punch brawler that she was. Even as Divine and Namor clashed, the Sentry came flying out after the battling pair like a golden thunderbolt, barreling into Divine and taking her straight into the ground from six hundred feet up. The impact destroying several refugee tents. The so called 198 were stampeding away from the conflict now, people panicking, screaming, being trampled. The O*N*E soldiers did what they could to maintain order, but it wasn't enough. One of the surviving Sentinels attempted to engage the brawlers only to be sent back to the Earth in a rain of fiery metal bits.

"You have NO RIGHT to be here!" The Sentry screamed, his mind cracking even further even as he fought against Divine. It was the power. Using so much energy: if he were to lose control, even for a millisecond. It had been much longer than a millisecond, now. "NO RIGHT! The Sentry and the Void can't be copied! Can't be DUPLICATED! I KNOW IT'S YOU!" His eyes blazed like living fire, his skin cracked and glowed as if some impossible internal heat radiated out from within. The air seemed to grow thick. Smothering. Filled with rage.

Irma and her sisters and the New X-Men fled from the school building, heading for the rendezvous point Emma had established outside the zone of conflict. And as explosions and gunfire went off around them, as gods did battle in the skies above, a single thought was broadcast from the mind of the Three-in-One, driven by Irma but amplified by the others: '... Karen. Help me.'



* * *



The ritual now neared completion. In a matter of moments Karen would be returned to her world, and with it, her original body. The portal crackled with power as Doctor Strange continued his chant, titanic mystical energies swirling around him as he brought the rite towards its end. And in the midst of that chaos, Irma's voice: '... Karen. Help me.'

Karen's eyes widened. "Doctor!" she shouted, her voice barely audible above the roar of the gathering energies. "Doctor, wait!"

Doctor Strange did not stop. Could not stop. Another six sentences and the ritual would be done. Time seemed to slow.

Karen looked at Kara. Kara looked at Karen.

"... What do I do?" Karen asked.

"The right thing," Kara replied.

Kara nodded, clenching her fist as determination welled up within her. "The right thing," she echoed.

Karen broke the circle, and the ensuing mystical backlash was visible from orbit, pouring upwards in a great pillar of fire which drew in every ounce of magical energy in its path in a self-consuming discharge, and Karen in the eye of the storm.

The discharge flickered, vanished.

Stephen Strange collapsed, clutching at his head in agony.

Karen was gone before Doctor Strange's knees hit the floor.



* * *



An explosion ripped across the side of the Xavier mansion, raining flaming debris down upon fleeing students which were caught in mid-air by a controlled gust of wind. Storm ascended into the sky, and with her, clouds began to gather, the night growing darker and then darker still as the wind picked up. "Goddess protect us, the Sentry has gone mad! Psylocke!" she called. "Join your power to Rachel's! Stop them before there isn't a school to save!"

The combined telekinetic might of the two mutants lashed out at The Sentry and Divine, and for one shining moment, they were held in place. Namor ascended, almost a walking (or in this case, flying) bruise now, but taking the opportunity to deliver three crushing blows to Divine's chest, and a fourth to the Sentry. They struggled against the telekinetic grip, Sentry's screams now completely incoherent expressions of rage. His shadow seemed to swell, taking on greater and greater definition, growing ever darker as he screamed.

The X-Men opened fire with everything they could throw at the pair. Concussive blasts. Electricity. Bullets. Fire. Telekinetic blasts. Organic spikes. An angry Wolverine traveling at 300 mph with claws extended. Only the last seemed to have an effect, his adamantium claws leaving shallow gashes across The Sentry's ribcage but failing to do anything more. Blood began to seep down Sentry's uniform. The storm grew ever darker. Thunder roared, and lightning struck the Sentry six times in a row.

His body was almost entirely obscured in darkness now. Shadows writhed about him.  and then a thousand tendrils of darkness burst from his body and flooded down towards the mutants on the ground. They scattered. Not quickly enough. Rachel Grey and Psylocke were impaled. All their fears, all their nightmares flashed before their eyes at once. The hold was broken. Divine and the Sentry were free.

Namor fell. Still more tendrils. Still more mutants impaled. Screams shook the very air as horror built upon horror.

Irma saw a tendril moving towards her, and another for each sister. Knew they could never escape it.

Karen slammed into the Sentry going somewhere near Mach 17. He tumbled head over heels for a mile in the air before he managed to right himself and arrest his movement. The tendrils retracted into the Sentry's shadow, and his skin cracked further, fire blazing around him, eyes glowing red as he turned to look at the newly arrived Kryptonian.

And suddenly, he seemed very lost, and very afraid. "... I can't stop it," he whimpered. "It's too much! I... I can't control it. It's coming back. The Void is..."

A blast of full strength heat vision nearly knocked Karen out of the sky. Her clothing half burned away, she whirled around to face Divine, who floated some one hundred yards distant.

"I was wondering when you'd show up," Divine said.

The molten cracks spread further through the Sentry's body, and he shuddered, a fiery nimbus appearing around him once more. "... Oh God... oh God help me...!" A yellow corona flared into being around his body, bringing with it horrific molten heat... and the power of a yellow star.

Karen could feel her energy stores being boosted by his presence. By whatever was happening. The corona grew more intense. The thrum of energy more dire.

"ENOUGH!" A girl's voice cried. The corona winked out. From Sentry's left eye blazed the tell-tale electric blue Phoenix emblem which was the sign of Rachel Grey using her powers.

"We're not going to let you hurt anyone else!" three voices said in unison. Irma. Phoebe. Celeste.

More voices joined in. Some Karen recognized, some she did not. Every telepathic X-Man had joined forces for an all-out assault on the Sentry's mind, and he was fighting them with every ounce of strength that he had.

Divine sized Karen up. "... Looks like it's just you and me now," she said.

Battle began between the two daughters of Krypton, and once again, the earth did tremble beneath their feet. The battle quickly became a mobile one, the Kryptonians pursuing each other at hypersonic speeds as they engaged in what was part brawl, part aerial dogfight across the face of three continents. It ended where the fight between Power Girl and Divine had begun, months ago and a few realities sideways: Antarctica.

Each was bruised and battered, and neither's clothing had survived, but Divine was the stronger of the two: she had absorbed more Solar energy, and though the impact of her trip to the sun had faded almost to nothing, there is space between the 'almost' and the 'nothing;' her blows were ever so slightly more telling.

Karen was losing.

But as she fought, as she evaded another piledriver blow, as she half-evaded another blast of heat-vision, Karen looked thoughtful.

"... What are you thinking?" Kara asked.

"That watching two gorgeous girls wrestling naked in the air across three continents is one of those 'things I want to see before I die' that I can now check off the list?" She swerved to avoid another blast of heat vision.

Kara rolled her eyes. "No. What are you thinking?"

"Something dumb," Karen replied, glancing down at the artifact that still adorned her left hand.

"No, Karen. Absolutely not. We'll find another way."

Karen smiled. "... There isn't another way."

She was slowing down. Her attacks coming in less quickly. She couldn't...

Divine moved in for the kill, seizing her by the throat with one hand.

Karen clasped the other with the Draconian Katra, and the world went dark.



* * *



Xander Harris woke suddenly to the sound of his parents arguing. He was in his bed, staring up at the ceiling of his parents' basement in Sunnydale. He sat up, then stood up, rubbing his head, and a sense of vertigo nearly overwhelmed him. His body felt... weird. His balance was off. Nothing moved the way it was supposed to. "... Ugh..." he muttered. "Maybe I shouldn't have eaten that last slice of pizza."

The room slowly came into focus.

"... a waste of space, Jess. A fucking waste of space. You really think he's going to do a damn thing with his life except rot away in that basement?"

"How should I know? He's YOUR son. God knows he doesn't have anything in common with my side of the family."

His father's voice grew angrier. "The hell is that supposed to mean?"

"You know exactly what it means, Tony. If he's a worthless waste of space, it's because the apple doesn't fall far from the tree."

"Shut up! Shut up! SHUT UP!" The sound of a fist hitting a face echoed down the basement stairs. Then again. Again. And again.

Then came a different sound. The sound of a woman crying.

Xander stood at the bottom of the stairs, paralyzed by shame and anger and hatred towards his parents, barely able to breathe. His emotions seemed to burrow down beneath his skin, wrapping over muscle, joining to ligaments, burrowing into nerve endings.

There was a strange fog flowing down the stairs from above. Light coming from the crack beneath the door.

"So," a voice said. "This is what you are."

Xander turned. A very ordinary looking man with short brown hair and dark brown eyes was leaning up against the wall. His garb was simple enough: a black t-shirt and black slacks.

"You're..."

The man smiled cheerfully. "Max," he said.

Xander shivered. "You're wrong. This isn't what I am. I've changed."

"Nobody ever really changes. Sure, you got put into that new body, and you thought it made you different. But deep down? This is what you are. This will always be what you are."

Xander shook his head. "... No."

"Doesn't work that way, son. Can't change the truth just by saying 'no.' You were given the powers of a Kryptonian. You didn't deserve them, but you got them. What did you do with that power that was worthwhile? Far as I can tell, jack shit. You sat around and let other people tell you what to do. They led you by the hand, and you didn't mind, because you're not a leader." Max smirked. "You're a whipping boy."

"I'm... I'm in Divine's mind," Xander muttered.

"Damn right you are, but if you think I went through all the effort of building a mind for my creation only for you to take up residence like a damned squatter the moment it becomes convenient, you've got another think comin'. You're in my world, son, and you're never going to leave this basement again."

Xander shook his head. The world flickered. Karen shook her head. Another flicker.

"Got some gender confusion going on there, do you?" Max asked, clearly amused. "Guess it's only natural if you've been living in Power Girl's body all this time. I'll leave you to sort it out. You've got plenty of time to work on it, after all. A Kryptonian exposed to the right sort of light can stick around for just this side of forever. So, have fun with that."

Max vanished.

The sound of Xander's mother, crying upstairs, filled the basement.

Xander looked up the stairs that led to the main level of the house. The distance between here and there seemed all but infinite, and a palpable aura of dread emanated from it, flowing down the stairs with the fog that grew thicker by the second.

He took the first step.

She took the second.

He took the third.

One step at a time, Xander ascended the stairwell. It was the hardest thing he had ever done, but he faced his dread and he forced his way through it, reached out for the door, opened it.

The light beneath the door pulsed, and all at once Karen found herself in the antarctic laboratory where Divine and Power Girl had once fought. Great glass tubes lined the walls, failed clones within each one. It was cold. There was a hole in the ceiling. The sound of a wailing infant came from further in.

"You're not Power Girl," a voice identical to her own said.

She turned. Divine was there. Angry. Glaring at her. Floating in mid-air.

"No, I'm not," Karen admitted.

"You don't have any right to wear that face."

"No, I don't," Karen admitted.

"Then why are you still wearing it?"

"Because..."

Buffy.

Willow.

Giles.

Cordelia.

Ben.

Noriko.

Julian.

Cessily.

Laurie.

David.

Irma.

"I see," Divine said. "You really think that makes a difference, though? You think that they can save you here?"

Karen shook her head. "... No." She walked towards the source of the crying.

"Stay away from her," Divine said. "You have no right to go in there."

"I know," Karen replied.

She stepped through the far door. The chamber beyond was a nursery. A child with dark hair not more than a few months old lay in a crib surrounded by bright shiny toys. It was a girl, and she was crying her lungs out, wailing, tears streaming down her cheeks.

"What is this?" Karen asked.

"That's Divine, of course," Max said, stepping out from behind the crib for all that there hadn't been room there to conceal his form. "You get it, right? You used that artifact. Poured yourself into her mind. I suppose your plan was to destroy her? Take her over from the inside?"

"... I never actually thought that far ahead," Karen replied.

Max sighed. "Then you're a fool. Doesn't matter if you've left that basement. The price of leaving here is one you'll never pay."

Immediately, Karen understood, and Xander as well. Indecision plagued her.

"You're not really going to kill a baby, are you?" It was Willow's voice.

"That's a bit beyond the pale, Xander." Buffy's voice.

"I think you should go back to your room." his father's voice.

Her father's.

No one to help her. Nothing to save her. An impossible choice.

"You're a whipping boy." It was Principal Snyder who spoke this time. "Raised by mongrels and set on a sacrificial slab."

"I'm..."

"Off you go, Xander," Max said. "Or Karen. Or whatever you want to be called."

The baby was still crying. Still wailing. Shrieking. Faces surrounded her. The eyes of everyone she had ever known, all telling her she was worthless. All telling her that she couldn't make this choice.

"... You have it within you to be a hero," Kara said. "I believe in you, Xander."

"I believe in you," Irma echoed a moment later.

Karen crossed the room to where the infant Divine wept in her crib. Looked down at her. It would be so easy. All she needed to do was pick up the pillow and smother the baby.

 but that's not what a hero does.

Karen scooped Divine up into her arms, rocked her gently, whispered, "I'm here now," and kissed her on the forehead.

The infant Divine stopped crying. Looked up. Smiled a toothless smile.

Karen felt the infant in her arms grow blazingly hot, but she didn't let go. Divine's form glowed like a star. And then Karen wasn't holding a baby. The thing in her arms was a thousand points of light, and so unbearably warm, but she embraced it all the same. It flowed into her body, the warmth spreading from the tips of her toes to the top of her head.

The warmth faded.

The room faded.

The world faded.

"...ren... Karen... Karen, are you with me? Is it you? Did it... work?"

Karen opened her eyes. She was lying on her back in a vast field of snow. Kara Zor-L stood over her, and for the first time, Kara was neither translucent nor ghostly.

"I feel weird," Karen muttered.

Kara laughed. "Can you stand?"

"... just... give me a minute..."

The world seemed to swim around her. She felt utterly drained. Like she could sleep for a week.

"Stay with me, Karen..."

She slipped into a dreamless slumber.



* * *



Karen woke up in a hospital bed at the Xavier Institute. Her everything hurt. Muscles ached that she hadn't known she had. At first, all she saw was white. She blinked a few times, and she tried to rub at her eyes but lacked the strength to lift her hands. The world slowly gained definition. Sound returned to her. Touch. The blanket she was lying under was a soft and warm. The air was cold.

"Welcome back," said a kindly voice.

She looked up into the blue eyes and muzzled face of Hank McCoy. "... Hey," she said.

"I'll tell the others that you're awake," Henry said.

"... I'm... not Divine," she managed, though it kind of hurt to talk.

Hank nodded. "Indeed not, Ms. Starr. If we thought you were Divine, you would be in cryo-storage. Kara explained the situation, and Ms. Frost has confirmed it."

Karen sank back into the bed. "...k," she said. She was asleep a few seconds later.

When she woke again, she felt better. Stronger. She was still in a hospital bed in the medical lab, but there was a light above her, and it felt... good. It felt like sunlight. She sat up, and then grabbed the blanket and pressed it against herself before it could leave her naked. "... Er, hello?"

As before, Hank McCoy was there. "Ah, excellent," he said as he checked her vitals. "I suspected the simulated sunlight might do some good. Not quite as effective as the real thing, I grant you, but still undeniably useful."

"... could I have some clothes, please?"

Hank blinked. "Oh. Yes, yes of course. I will send word."

Noriko and Kara Zor-L arrived five minutes later, Kara carrying a bundle of clothes under her arm.

It felt weird, looking at what had been her body from the outside. Karen felt a peculiar sense of vertigo. "Hey," she said.

"Hey," Kara said, offloading the clothes into Karen's arms. "How you feeling?"

"Better," Karen replied. "Weird. I dunno. How long was I out?"

"You were unconscious for six days, twelve hours, and thirty four minutes," Hank said cheerfully.

"Damn. That long?"

Kara and Noriko both nodded. Kara took the opportunity to draw the privacy curtain shut around Karen's bed, and Karen began to put on her clothes.

"So Nori, I guess I, er, kind of owe you and the others an explanation."

"Kara gave us the short version," Noriko said. "Chaos magic. Extradimensional portal. Two people stuck in the same body." She shook her head incredulously, and Karen saw it easily on account of her x-ray vision. "I can't imagine what that would have been like."

Karen stepped out from behind the curtain, fully dressed.

"That was quick," Noriko said.

"Super speed," Karen replied.

"So tell me, was that the craziest thing that ever happened to you?"

Karen thought about it. "... Inca mummy girl, preying mantis lady, possessed by a hyena..." she mused. She shrugged. "I'm gonna go with 'craziest long-term thing,' but not necessarily 'craziest thing'."

Noriko exchanged glances with Kara. "... Your life is weird," Nori said.

"You have no idea."

"So your real name's Xander?"

"OK, some idea," Karen conceded. "And it was, yeah.  but I think..." she looked down. "I think I might just be Karen Starr, now."

Kara raised an eyebrow.

"When I used that device on Divine, I... well, I think what I did might have had... repercussions."

"You're not wrong," Emma said as she walked into the room. Kara, Noriko, and Karen looked up. Stephen Strange was accompanying the headmistress, clad all in the robes of his station. "Ms. Ashida," Emma said.

"Uh... right. Leaving." She made good on that, heading out through the door, which shut behind her.

Karen felt a little uncomfortable. "... So. What now?"

"What indeed," Doctor Strange replied. "You have placed yourself in a difficult position, young lady. When you left the circle you forced me to ground a considerable amount of magical energy through my own body - an experience I am not eager to repeat. The vast majority of it was neutralized, but some clung to me, to the house, to you, and to the artifact. It represented  an instability. One which was made worse by the use of said artifact in the manner you chose to employ it."

Karen looked down. "... Sorry."

"Apology accepted," Stephen replied. "But it won't help you. I'm afraid the circumstances surrounding your transfer into that body, added to the dissolution of Divine's mind and the merging of her spirit with yours, have rendered any future attempt at body transfer unlikely at best."

"I'm stuck this way," Karen said.

"You knew?" Kara asked.

"I suspected," Karen replied. "But what else was I supposed to do? I couldn't just... kill her."

Kara smiled, and there was pride in her voice when she replied. "Yes, you could have. You could have killed her. You chose not to."

Karen looked mildly uncomfortable, but didn't dispute it. Her eyes widened suddenly. "What about the Sentry? Was anyone hurt?"

"Yes," Emma replies. "And some killed. But fewer than there might have been. We dealt with the Sentry. He will not be a problem again."

Karen blinked. "What does that mean?"

Emma gave Karen a level look. "It took all of us to stop him. Every telepath on the grounds, and using Cerebra to boost our power further. The amount of power unleashed was... considerable, and we still came within a hair's breadth of failure. We were indelicate. We stopped him at the cost of destroying his mind and rendering him effectively brain dead. His body discorporated shortly after."

Karen swallowed. "... Oh."

"Your situation," Emma said, "Is a bit more problematic. You now inhabit the body of one of the most wanted criminals on the planet. You can imagine that SHIELD, such as it is in its current, leaderless state, was not particularly interested in an explanation which involved mystical mind transfer. Things will be difficult for you here for the foreseeable future."

"I... I'll go."

Emma gave Karen a look that said, 'you just said the dumbest thing I've ever heard you say.' "We do not abandon our own simply because standing with them is difficult, Karen. We will see you through this."

Kara nodded. "You're not responsible for Divine's actions, and I won't let you go down for them."

Karen smiled.

"Which," Emma said, "Brings us back to 'what now?'"

Karen looked down. "... I need to tell my friends, for one. In my home dimension." She looked at Doctor Strange. "If that's still possible?"

Strange sighed. "Provided you promise not to break the circle, I suppose so. I'll begin the preparations. Come to me when you are ready."

As Doctor Strange left the room, Karen felt the weight of the last few days settling into her heart. "I guess it's not going to get any easier," she said.

"No," Emma replied. "But with all of that out of the way," Her expression hardened, and she looked Karen directly in the eye. "What, exactly, are your intentions towards Irma Cuckoo?"

And suddenly, Karen knew exactly what a rabbit felt like when it saw a hawk's shadow.



* * *



It was a journey which had been a long time coming. What had begun on Halloween in another dimension now saw what once might have been its conclusion take shape: the portal had failed. A second portal was forged.

Karen Starr - once Xander Harris - was going home. But she was going home to say goodbye. Her friends had gathered in the chamber overlooking the mystic circle. Noriko, Julian, Cessily, Laurie, Josh, Irma, a few others. Karen's lips still tingled from the kiss she and Irma had shared upon their reunion: a passionate affair which had been broken only by the sudden drop in room temperature which had accompanied the arrival of Celeste and Phoebe. There were problems yet to be faced, problems by the score. Not all of her friends had been as understanding as Noriko. Some were angry. But they were angry as friends.

Kara stood next to Karen in the circle. They were going together. They would return together. A journey to Xander's world to complete the circle.

The light built and built until it seemed blinding. The portal took them. Karen saw a whirling tunnel of light, and she fell. She fell and she fell and she fell, the tunnel howling around her, Kara at her side.

She landed on her butt. An accompanying crash told her that Kara had made the journey as well. They had arrived. They were in the library at Sunnydale High, directly over the spot which corresponded to the Hellmouth.

She rose to her feet.

"That's far enough," a familiar voice said from behind her.

She turned. Buffy was there, sword in hand. Behind her, Giles held a crossbow leveled at her heart. Willow was further back, watching from behind the library desk, and...

"I don't know who you are or what hell dimension you came from," Buffy said, "but a pair of demon Power Girl knock-offs are not putting up shop here. We're a non-shoppy hellmouth. Totally closed for business, got it?"

"I don't know, they look pretty busty to me." A beat. "... Friendly. I meant friendly." That voice was a familiar one, too. Very, very familiar. With a mounting sense of dread, Karen turned to look at the speaker.

Xander Harris stood in front of the book shelves, baseball bat in hand.

"What." Karen said.

Kara glanced worriedly at Karen.

Xander blinked. "What?"

Karen stared. "WHAT?"

The End. For Now.



* * *



Author's notes:

This concludes the first story arc. I'll be continuing this, but likely in the form of a sequel. I've got the first three chapters planned out already. Thanks for reading, and I hope you enjoyed it.





*Chapter 14*: DU: Going Back Home


			"OK, everyone needs to calm down," Kara said, the complete lack of fear in her voice at odds with her words. "Let's just put the weapons away and talk this out."

They were in the library still. Standing over the spot which corresponded to the Hellmouth. The portal that brought them here had snapped shut behind them. The other Xander lowered his baseball bat. Giles lowered his crossbow. Buffy didn't lower her sword. Willow stood behind the library desk, fidgeting with a second crossbow, looking nervous.

"OK. I'll bite. Demons don't usually make with the 'splainy," Buffy said. "You've got thirty seconds to explain why I shouldn't introduce you to the pointy end." She indicating her sword.

"Besides the fact that it wouldn't do anything?" Karen asked sarcastically.

Kara gave Karen an annoyed look. "Not helping," she muttered.

Twang! A crossbow bolt flew across the room and hit Kara dead center in her neck, but bounced off harmlessly. Everyone looked to Willow at the library desk, who drew her hands away from the crossbow she'd been fidgeting with, looking sheepish. "Sorry!"

"Not helping," Kara repeated, her irritation this time directed at Willow.

Buffy looked from Willow to Kara and back. "You're imperious to harm?"

Giles looked pained. "... Impervious..."

"Something like that," Kara replied.

"Huh," Buffy said. And then she took her sword and drove it into Kara's chest as hard as she could. The sword warped visibly, bent, and snapped in half a few inches above the hilt. Buffy lowered the broken weapon.

"... hey guys, let's do that thing where we listen to what they have to say," Xander said.

Buffy nodded faintly.



* * *



Destination Unknown

by P.H. Wise

A Buffy the Vampire Slayer crossover fanfic

Chapter 1: Going Home Again

Disclaimer: The DC Universe and its associated characters is the property of DC comics. The Marvel Universe and its associated characters is the property of Marvel Entertainment LLC. Buffy the Vampire Slayer is Joss Whedon's baby. This is the second part of the 'New World' series and the sequel to 'New World in my View.' It will make little sense without having read part one.



* * *



"You want the short version?" Karen asked.

"Go ahead," Buffy said.

"I'm Xander."

All eyes went to a mortified looking Xander, then to Karen. "... OK, let's try the long version," Buffy said.

Karen looked to Xander, then. "Remember Halloween?"

Xander blushed. "Er..."

Willow blinked. "Xander lost that bet to Cordelia, and had to go dress as... oh. OH!"

"Dear Lord!" Giles said. "When Xander turned into Power Girl, it never occurred to us that Power Girl might be a real person beyond the context of the spell. Spirit possession by a living being is all but unheard of. As far as I know, the only tradition to actually practice such a thing is that of the Primals."

Both Karen and Xander shuddered at that. "I thought we were done with hyena spirits?" they both said at once, then looked at each other, then glared.

"We are," Giles replied. "The hyena spirit was driven out. No trace of it remains."

Karen and Xander both breathed a sigh of relief.

"... so how can there be two of us, and one in... is that Divine's body?" Xander asked.

Karen nodded. "Er... yeah."

"I always thought that part of the writing was kind of weak," Xander said. "I mean, why introduce this character if you're never going to use it again? Stupid continuity reboot."

"Tell me about it," Karen muttered.

Kara Zor-L's eye twitched slightly. "Continuity reboot...? OK, can we stop talking about my life like it's a comic book?"

And then it really occurred to everyone exactly who Kara was. Well, everyone who wasn't Giles. Willow's eyes widened. Xander blushed. Buffy stared.

"Something I said?" Kara asked.

"Y...y... you're Power Girl!" Willow squeaked.

The corners of Kara's lips twitched upwards in a ghost of a smile. "Yes, for many years now."

Xander twitched slightly at that. "You told her about Incan mummy girl?" he asked faintly.

"I was stuck in her body for three months," Karen replied. "I kind of told her everything."

Xander started to hyperventilate.

"OK, not EVERYTHING."

Xander seemed to calm down. "I think we need to take a step back. How do we know you are who you say you are?"

Buffy nodded in agreement. "Yeah. You're Power Girl? Prove it!"

"You're wearing a black bra that's a bit too big for you," Kara said.

"So what, you can see a strap or something..."

"Uh, Buffy?" Willow asked. "You're wearing a sweater."

Buffy looked down at herself and blinked.

"X-Ray vision," Kara said. "Want me to freeze something or light it on fire, or are we good?"

"I'm..." Xander began. Karen and Kara both looked at him. He glared. "OK, maybe she's really Power Girl, but no way are you me. Tell me something only I would know."

Karen met Xander's gaze. "Yellow bra," she said.

Xander blinked. "... What?"

"We finally figured out Willow was a girl in September of freshman year. We bent over to look at her paper while she was tutoring us and there was some neckline gapage on her t-shirt, and really pale chest, and she was wearing a yellow bra, and then it hit us: 'Wow, Willow's a girl'. Not that we did anything about it, because we're an idiot, but yeah."

Xander turned beet red. Willow did the same.

"You mean I..." Willow began, "And you... and then... grr!" She punched Xander on the arm, then Karen, and then immediately clenched her teeth in pain. "... oww."

Totally mortified, Xander looked anywhere in the room except at Willow. "OK, I'm convinced. This isn't... this isn't so bad." He turned to Power Girl. "I'm Xander. That's Buffy, she's Willow, and that's Giles." He indicated each one when he spoke their name. "Er, it's nice to meet you?"

Kara smiled bemusedly. "Nice to meet you," she replied.

"Yeah," Karen said, "No offense or anything, but why aren't you an empty shell of a body that's been comatose for three months waiting for me to come back and jump into the body again?"

Xander's eyes widened at that. "Er... can you DO that?"

"Not anymore, no, but the point still stands."

The Scoobies exchanged glances. "I assure you, Xander," Giles began, then frowned.

"She-Xander?" Buffy suggested. She brightened. "Ooh, how about Xandra?"

Xander shuddered, and then Karen shuddered. "I've been going by Karen for a while now," Karen said. "Might as well keep it going."

"...Karen," Giles continued, "That we shall do everything in our power to discover exactly how and why you became, well, yourself."

"In the meantime," Buffy said. The bell rang. "...We've got class to go to. You two should lay low and try not to let Snyder see you. He's not the most understanding guy when it comes to non-students wandering around on campus."

"Got it," Karen said. "Low profile. Avoid Snyder while we're out and about."

"You two can't just walk around the school, can you?" Willow asked. "People would notice."

Karen exchanged glances with Kara. "Notice what?" she asked. Kara looked pained.

"I hate to break it to you, Xande... Karen," Buffy amended quickly, "But you're not exactly, you know, Xander-shaped any more."

Xander and Karen both looked uncomfortable with that reference. Each remembered quite clearly the circumstances of the last time Buffy had used that particular phrase. Neither really cared to be reminded that Buffy totally saw them as 'one of the girls,' though Xander was more uncomfortable with the idea than Karen was.

"OK, yeah, I'm a girl now. But..." she caught sight of Kara, then, and saw what her body looked like - really saw, instead of just the standard 'that's my body' reaction. "Oh," she said, blushing. "This IS still Sunnydale, though, isn't it? People totally ignore vampires and werewolves, right?"

"Ignoring supernatural evil in your midst is one thing," Willow said, "Ignoring that body? That's kind of impossible." All eyes turned to Willow, and she blushed. "I may be straight, but I'm not blind!" she said, and blushed even deeper.

Giles cleared his throat. "I'm afraid I have to agree that we should make an effort to not cause a scene, and two, ah, Power Girls would certainly do that."

"Giles, appearances to the contrary, it's me!" Karen grinned. "I can be totally discreet."

Giles sighed. "Just use the back exit or the skylight, please?"

"Di-screet," Karen repeated.

The late bell rang a moment later, and the others fled, leaving Giles, Karen, and Kara behind as they went off to class. Karen exchanged glances with Kara. "... Come on, I'll show you around town," Karen said.

Kara smiled. "Sure."

They flew up to the skylight, opened it, and slipped out into the afternoon sun.

Now alone, Giles walked back to his office, sat down, poured himself a cup of tea from his thermos, and downed it in one shot.



* * *



It was funny how small Sunnydale seemed from the sky. It only took a few minutes to get from one side to the other. It felt liberating to be up here, the whole town beneath them, their Kryptonian eyes able to focus on every detail as easily as single points. They'd flown the length of the town three times in twelve minutes before Karen finally descended, Kara following close behind.

They landed in front of the Harris residence. "OK," Karen said. "Hopefully they wont be home, but we better check." She glanced Kara-wards. "You sure you want to see this?"

Kara smiled. "Afraid to show your sister your old house?" she asked.

Karen shook her head. "No, I just..." she shrugged, walked to the door, and knocked twice, hoping for no answer.

They both saw Tony Harris coming. X-Ray vision plus super hearing. Karen was visibly disappointed. Soon enough, he opened the door, looking unusually sober, stared at the two girls for a moment, then asked, "... Who're you?"

Karen smiled a fake smile, the impact of seeing her father again hitting her like a punch to the gut. "We're, uh, friends of Xander's. Is he home?"

Tony Harris rubbed his head and scowled. "He'd better not be. It's only one thirty. School doesn't get out until..." he trailed off, seeming to take in the two gorgeous young women at his door. "You're friends of Xander's?"

Karen nodded. "Yup. I can definitely say that we're familiar with the guy."

Tony grinned. "I never thought he had it in him."

"Mind if we come in, Mr. Harris?" Kara asked.

"Hell," Tony said, "Sure. He's still at school at the moment, but you can wait for him downstairs if you want. He'll be home in about an hour." His grin widened. "Twins!" he said, stepping out of the way. "And here I was worried he was gay."

Karen tried very hard not to glare at the man who had been her father.

"Hey Jess!" Tony called. "Xander's dating identical twins! Come meet them!"

"What?" Jessica Harris shouted from further inside the house.

Kara was trying not to laugh. Karen was trying and failing not to glare. Tony didn't seem to notice.

After about twenty minutes of embarrassing questioning from Xander's parents, Karen and Kara finally made their way down to the basement, shutting the door behind them. Karen sighed with relief, and floated down to the bottom of the stairs.

"Your parents are... interesting," Kara said as she followed Karen down the stairs.

Karen shuddered.

Kara glanced about at the basement room. "So, this is where you lived?"

Karen looked embarrassed. "... yeah. I know it's not much to look at, but once you get used to it, it's still exactly as much of a dump as it looks."

"Ah," Kara said. A pause. "You have a... cartoon Superman poster?"

Karen blushed. "...Don't judge me."

Kara walked to the bed and scooped up a comic book from Xander's bed, spotted a picture of the Flash on the front, and looked at it as if it were a snake. "This is one of those comics you were talking about," she said.

Karen nodded.

Kara looked at the cover. "Everything you know will change in a flash, huh?" She dropped it, spotted several issues of Power Girl lying on the bed, picked up the first of them, opened it. "This is..." She paged through the comic book, then picked up the next one, paged through, then the next one. She frowned. "Is it just me, or does this Amanda Conner person really like drawing me naked?"

Karen smirked, but kept her mouth shut. A moment later, Kara picked up the next Power Girl comic and blinked. "Holy artistic style change," she said.

"Batman," Karen said.

Kara glanced Karen's way. "Huh?"

"You're supposed to finish that statement with 'Batman.' Like, 'holy artistic style change, Batman!'"

Kara Zor-L raised an eyebrow. "Why would I say that...?"

"... Never mind."



* * *



"Hello?" asked the man's voice on the other end of the line.

"Yes, this is Rupert Giles calling. I should like to speak to Quentin Travers, please."

A pause. He waited for nearly five minutes before Quentin picked up.

"Rupert? Has something happened with your Slayer?"

"Mr. Travers, forgive me, but this is... something unprecedented has occurred, and I felt it prudent to take it to you directly."

"You have my attention."

"Are you familiar with the Rites of Janus?" Giles asked.

The sudden stillness on the other end of the line was all the confirmation Giles needed. He took a breath. "Three months ago, a chaos mage by the name of Ethan Rayne performed the Rites of Janus. He was... interrupted before they could be carried to their conclusion, but the chaos he created in the meantime was significant."

"My God, man," Quentin said. "A chaos mage performs one of the most dangerous rituals in existence on top of an active Hellmouth, and you waited three months to tell us?"

"It took this long for any long term consequences to show themselves," Giles replied. "Now, the next bit is somewhat difficult to believe, but I'd ask you to bear with me.  tell me, how much do you know about American comic books?"

Quentin's incredulity could be heard through the telephone line quite clearly. "... Go on," he said.

Giles did. And what Quentin told him afterwards was not what he wanted to hear. Truth rarely is. Which brought him to one of the most difficult decisions he had ever made.

A young man approached his desk. Short. Spiked blonde hair. Rather scrawny. Nervous looking. "... You wanted to see me Mr. Giles?"

Giles turned. "Yes, Mr. Wells. It appears I am rather in need of information about..." he cringed internally. "Comic books."

Andrew Wells lit up with a grin. "Oh. Oh! You've come to the right person!"

Giles smiled politely. "Yes, well. Tell me about Power Girl, if you please."

"Pre-Crisis, post-Crisis, or modern?" Andrew asked.

Giles sighed. "Start at the beginning." Those were words he would regret saying.



* * *



The school bell had just rung signalling the release of students for the day, and Karen was back on the campus of Sunnydale High. Kara Zor-L had promised to meet her at the library.

For Karen, walking the halls of Sunnydale High once more was... odd. It wasn't that everything was different. Some things were different. Like being followed by the eyes of almost every guy (and some of the girls) in the hallway, and having most of the girls size her up like she was competition. That was, ok, that was really disturbing, and it had happened at the Xavier Institute, but that hadn't been HER school.  And so much was still the same. The surfers were still the surfers.

"... and then she was all, 'like, no way!' and he was all, 'yes way!' and then I'm like, 'I saw it! He caught the most radical wave and surfed it all the way to shore! I was so stoked for him!' and she was like, 'woah.' He's so totally getting some tonight."

The jocks were still the jocks.

"Dude! If we take three more games, and we can avoid having any more of our key players mysteriously die, we could take the state championship this year!"

And the Cordettes were still the Cordettes.

"Can you believe Cordelia? I swear, every time she's seen with that boy, her social status falls a little lower. I mean, Cordelia with Xander Harris? It's like she's deliberately trying to be uncool!"

Karen walked into a trashcan, almost tripped over it, managed to recover, and turned to stare at Harmony, ignoring the giggles of the Cordettes at her display of inattentive clumsiness. "...What?" she asked. "Go back to the part where Cordelia is dating Xander Harris?"

Harmony gave Karen a disparaging look. "Is there some reason you're talking to us? You must be new, because no way are you cool enough to be talking to us."

It was funny. Before she'd gone away, as Xander, he'd hated the Cordettes. Now, though, they just seemed... well, kind of sad. She looked Harmony in the eye. "Xander," she said, "Dating Cordelia. Details. Now."

"Fine," Harmony said, giving her friends a look that said, 'God, can you believe this girl?' "She started dating Xander like back in November or something, all right? They tried to keep it secret, but everyone knows they're totally connected at the lip now. It's kind of gross."

"Right." Karen walked off down the hall towards the library.

"Um, you're welcome!" Harmony said, trying for sarcasm but coming off more as petulant. She looked to her friends, then. "You know what this school doesn't need? More crazy girls like Buffy." The others all nodded in agreement.



* * *



Karen walked into the library. The Scoobies, plus Cordelia and Jenny Calendar were already there waiting for her.

"Hey," she called. Then she raised an eyebrow. "... Cordelia? What are you doing here?"

"Besides practicing downward social mobility?" Cordelia asked.

"Same old Cordy," Karen muttered.

Cordelia gave Karen a searching look. "Do I know you?"

The others exchanged glances, and Karen gave Giles a pleading look. "Does she really have to be here?" she asked.

"Hey, if something apocalypty is going on, I've got just as much a right to know as the rest of you," Cordelia said.

Giles sighed. "I think you should sit down, Karen."

Karen grimaced. "Can we wait for Kara? I kind of want her to be here."

Giles nodded his assent.

An awkward silence descended.

"OK," Cordelia said, looking annoyed, "Spill, people. Who's tall dark and busty?"

Xander, Buffy and Willow exchanged glances. Buffy was the one who spoke. "Cordy, do you remember when you won that bet with Xander on Halloween?"

Cordy grinned. "And he had to wear that Power Girl costume?"

"Right, so you remember. Well..." Buffy gestured to Karen. "That's, er..."

Cordy put two and two together, her eyes going wide. "... Xander?" Then she looked at Xander, then back at Karen, and she grinned a Cheshire grin. "Oh, wow. So which one's the real Xander?"

"We were kind of trying to figure that out," Willow said.

Cordy walked up to Karen, then, looking her up and down with an evaluating eye. "So this is Xander as a girl, except hot, and with a passing grade in fashion sense?" she asked.

"Hey!" Xander and Karen said simultaneously.

"Wow," Cordy said. "And someone had work done. Not a bad job, though. Can I have your surgeon's number? You know, just in case?"

Karen followed Cordy's gaze to her own breasts, blushed, and muttered, "... They're real."

"Get out!"

"Seriously," Karen said.

Cordelia copped a feel, her expression going from disbelieving to jealous in the space of a few seconds. "Huh. Lucky bitch."

Karen stared at Cordy, her eyes as wide as they could go, feeling kind of violated and weirdly turned on, the feel of Cordy's hand on her breast through her clothing lingering long after the hand was removed. "..."

Xander fainted, and was saved from hitting the ground head first only by Buffy's quick action.

"Cordy, that was mean," Buffy said.

Cordelia grinned. "Fun, though." She turned to the others. "OK, so Xander's got a girl copy. Or a boy copy. Or something. Anything else I've missed?"

The skylight opened, then. A moment later, Power Girl descended in full costume, landing next to Karen. "Hey," Power Girl said. "I miss anything?

"Besides Cordelia copping a feel?" Buffy asked.

Power Girl's eyes went from Karen to Cordelia and back. "... Besides that," she said.

"Nope. We were just starting.

"OK," Cordelia said, "Xander's got two girl copies." A pause as she considered the new girl, "...One of which is wearing a Power Girl costume." Another pause. "You're Power Girl, aren't you?"

Power Girl smiled at that. "Yup. If you see some really weird news reports tonight? Sorry. There was a bus full of school children, and I couldn't let it crash into that jack-knifed semi."

Giles looked up from the conversation he'd been having with Jenny Calendar. "Are we all here, then? Good." He turned to Karen. "I think you may wish to sit down."

Karen exchanged glances with Kara, then looked back at Giles. "Not the best way you could have started the conversation," she said.

"I thought it appropriate," Giles said, "In light of what I've managed to piece together."

Karen grinned, though it was more to hide her own discomfort than anything else. "If you're about to tell me that he's dating Cordelia," she gestured to the only just recovering Xander, "I already know." A beat. "Are we sure your Xander isn't an evil robot? Or an evil shape shifting demon?"

"We checked," Willow said. "100% Xander."

"Hey," Cordelia said, "Don't talk about me like I'm syphilis. You'd be lucky to get a girl like me!"

Karen immediately thought of Irma, then of a combination of Irma and Cordelia, was rather disturbed by the thought, and shook her head. "OK Giles. Hit me."

"... I've just had a long talk with Mr. Wells," Giles said.

The others blinked. "Tucker?" Buffy asked.

"Andrew," Giles replied. At the uncomprehending looks of the others, he sighed. "Tucker's brother."

"I didn't know Tucker had a brother," Willow said.

"Apparently, he sent a pack of flying monkey demons to attack the school play," Giles said.

Buffy blinked. "Oh.  I thought the director was just being really ambitious. You know, giving a new spin on an old top. Romeo and Juliet, with flying monkeys."

Giles looked pained. "Yes, well, as I was saying, it appears that Mr. Wells is something of an expert on all things comic book related. Between what I was able to learn from him and what I was able to glean from my conversation with the head of the Watcher's Council, I think I have an idea of what happened to create two Xanders."

He had their attention.

"Miss, ah, Power Girl, correct me if I'm wrong, but are you not the only survivor of a dead universe?"

Power Girl looked down. "... Yeah. It was... a long time ago."

"According to Mr. Wells, after the death of her old universe, the new universe did not quite know how to incorporate Power Girl into itself. She was... unique. A being who transcended universes. Not simply the last of her kind, but the last fragment of her entire reality." Giles paused. "Until Ethan Rayne performed the Rites of Janus. One of the most dangerous rituals in all existence, performed by a chaos sorcerer over an active Hellmouth." He looked to Karen, then. "Immediately after Halloween, were you in this body, or in hers?" he gestured to Power Girl.

"... I was stuck in her body for months," Karen said. "I only got this one recently."

"As I suspected," Giles said. "I'm afraid this is not good news for you, Karen. When the Rites of Janus were performed, the ritual latched on to the original Power Girl. Ordinarily, it would simply have created a copy of her consciousness, and one that would fade as soon as the spell had ended. In this case, the being being copied is singular, unique within the multiverse. I suspect that her actual self and physical body were drawn across the void that separates realities, merging the two of you for the duration of the spell. I suspect that when the spell ended, Xander and Power Girl separated, but at that moment, Xander's consciousness was... copied, I suppose."

"... So... what?" Karen asked, her voice thick with emotion. "I'm... a copy? A side-effect of a really unlikely chain of events?"

"A perfect copy," Giles confirmed. "I am sorry. Chaos magic has always been known to have... unanticipated side-effects. At the moment of separation, well, two minds in one body became two minds in two bodies. The perfect copy of Power Girl's consciousness in Xander's mind immediately faded into the background as intended, but the version of you in her mind... stayed."

The Scoobies were looking at her with pity in their eyes. Karen couldn't meet their gazes.

"... I need to..." Karen began. There was an emptiness inside her after hearing those words. An awful terror rose up within her belly, flowing up into the top of her head. "I need to get some air," she said. She flew away through the skylight.

Power Girl glanced at the assembled Scoobies. "I'll go after her," she said, and followed.



* * *



Power Girl found Karen sitting on the roof of the PE building, staring down at the now mostly abandoned campus.

"I feel real," Karen said as Power Girl set down beside her.

"You are," Power Girl said. "Don't ever doubt it. No matter what your origins, you're here now, and you're alive. You might not have been, but you are. You're alive." She drew Karen into a hug. "That's a complicated thing, and sometimes a sad thing, and it's the best thing in any universe."

Karen wept. Tears flowing down her cheeks. It was something she hadn't done since before all of this began. There was no pretense, here. No defensiveness. She cried, and Power Girl stayed with her, murmuring words of comfort until she had cried her last tear.

Sundown. A time looked forward to by Vampires and Slayers alike. The beginning of night's dominion. The moment when residents of Sunnydale felt that thrill of danger go through them which quickened their steps towards one another, seeking shelter in numbers and behind thresholds. Tomorrow was Friday, but many would not live to see it.

"I've got a surprise for you," Power Girl said. "Remember when you were out for six days after you wound up in that body?"

Karen nodded.

Power Girl produced something black, red, and silver. Held it out. Let it unfold.

A costume. A mirror of her own, save only the differences in color scheme.

Karen stared.

"I had them made while you were out. Dr. McCoy used a material called 'unstable molecules.' Neat concept. Short version: these costumes will stand up to pretty much any punishment you can throw at them."

Karen took the costume. Stared at it. "... I think I'd be embarrassed to wear..."

Power Girl raised an eyebrow.

Karen smiled. "Thanks, Kara."

"Come on," Power Girl said. "We need to find a place to " she trailed off as her super-hearing picked up a scream for help. She exchanged glances with Karen.

Karen nodded. "... Go," she said. "I'll... I'll help as soon as I can."



* * *



Pretty girl on the wrong side of town takes a wrong turn and ends up raped, murdered, or worse. It was a depressingly common story in Sunnydale, but even so, Rachel Myers had never expected it to happen to her. She'd been walking home from a music lesson after school. She played the clarinet. She wore her backpack, carried her instrument case, was whistling as she walked.

The sun went down, and its setting brought with it that familiar sense of cold dread. The knowledge that predators waited in the night. The shadows lengthened. She could see movement out of the corner of her eye. She needed to get home, right now!

Rachel took a short cut. It was stupid. She never should have left the main road, but she did. She cut through a back alley that would cut two full blocks off the distance she needed to walk. There was a manhole halfway down the alleyway, a high fence on either side. Her parents' apartment was close. Once she got to the far end, she'd be able to see it. She just needed to...

The sound of metal grinding against concrete right next to her send chills through her body. Panic rising, she sprinted away. or tried to.

A cold hand seized her by the ankle, and when she tried to run, she fell flat on her face.

She was screaming. She could feel its breath against her ankle. Feel the second hand grabbing her other, frantically kicking leg. Feel the cold concrete against her skin. "NO! NO! LET ME GO! HELP, SOMEBODY, PLEASE!"

Nobody was coming. Calling for help in Sunnydale was a joke. Nobody was coming.

The sun was setting. She could see the sunlight fading, barely hitting the tops of the buildings now. She looked back, saw the monster that had grabbed hold of her, and she screamed in utter despair.

A figure in red white and blue descended from above.

"... what?" she asked. Her breath caught in her throat.

Power Girl descended, seized the vampire which had been attacking her, and flung it headlong into the fading sunlight. It burst into flames in mid-flight, and then ashes.

Rachel looked up into the most perfect blue eyes she had ever seen.

"You all right, miss?" Power Girl asked.

Rachel giggled. "... I... you... you're Supergirl?"

"Power Girl," Power Girl corrected with a smile.

"You're real! And you're here!"

"Just for today," Power Girl replied. "Come on, let's get you home."



* * *



All across Sunnydale, the reports began to come in. Something was happening. Something very strange. Something wonderful. Two girls. One in red white and blue, one in red, black and silver. Saving the day. A collapsing crane at the Sunnydale docks, its operator saved by a dark haired girl in red, black and silver. A greyhound bus being attacked by vampires, the people on it saved by a blonde girl in red white and blue. Two teenaged girls about to be sacrificed to a serpent-demon unexpectedly saved, the demon slain. Dozens of ordinary lives which otherwise would have ended, saved. Saved by two figures out of a dream.

Mayor Richard Wilkins the third read each report as it came in, and he frowned, deeply disturbed by what he had read. "Well now," he said. "That's just unacceptable."

Across town, Drusilla shrieked in terror, extracting promises from Angelus and Spike alike not to set foot outside of their lair until the sun-girls were gone.



* * *



It was hours before tiredness drove Power Girl and Karen to seek shelter. Around one in the morning, Willow Rosenberg awoke from a fitful slumber to the sound of someone tapping on her window.

Two figures floated in the air outside. Her scream was halfway out of her throat before she recognized them: Power Girl and Karen. She rubbed her eyes, went to the window and opened it. "Karen?" she asked. A pause. "What are you wearing?"

Karen blushed. "Er... not much, apparently. Look, Willow, old buddy old pal, can we, er, we kind of don't have anywhere to sleep, and I was wondering..."

Willow rubbed her eyes again. "I'll get the sleeping bags," she said. She didn't invite them in: she was a Sunnydale resident, after all. She just stepped away from the window and went over to the closet to dig out a pair of sleeping bags. When she'd gotten them and unrolled them on the floor, she fished a couple of pillows out and tossed them down before turning back towards the two superheroines in her home. "Does Buffy know you guys were out there doing her job?" Willow asked.

"I doubt she'd mind," Karen said.

"Er, you don't happen to have..." Kara began.

"Clothes that would fit you?  No. But you can take a shower if you want, and if your costumes need to be washed, laundry's downstairs."

"Thanks," Kara said, and headed out. The sound of the shower began a few moments later.

Willow was awake now. Kind of hard not to be with a naked Power Girl in your shower. She gave a mental frown at that. That was kind of a funny thought to have. "Have you eaten at all today?" Willow asked.

"Er, sort of. And by sort of I mean 'no'."

Willow rolled her eyes. "Come on." She led Karen downstairs, more than a little aware of Karen's scantily clad, very female body only a few feet behind her. "... So what's it like? Being a girl now? And being a superhero? Which is weirder?"

Karen grinned. "They're both pretty weird, but... I dunno. You get used to it. Being able to fly never gets old, but after a while, you can kind of forget that you've got x-ray vision if you really... ok, that's a lie."

Willow blinked. "X-Ray vision?" she asked. Then Willow panicked. "You keep your eyes somewhere else, Mr! Miss!  Xander!"

"Karen," Karen corrected. "And I'm not actually looking at you naked, Will."

"Yeah, but you COULD be."

Karen opened the fridge. Only thing that was ready was potato-pancakes with applesauce. Karen raised an eyebrow.

"My parents kind of weren't here for Hanukkah, and when they were here a few days ago, my mom wanted to..." Willow trailed off. "Want some latkes?

Karen smiled. "Sure," she said. "The rest of that, though... being a girl? I dunno. It's like being a guy, I guess, except different."

Willow served up some latkes on a plate and stuck them in the microwave. "That's not helpful. You're one of the only people ever to experience life as both genders, and the best you can do is 'it's the same, but different'?"

"They should have sent a poet," Karen deadpanned.

Willow rolled her eyes.

The timer soon dinged, and the latkes were served with applesauce. Karen dug in with relish.

"So what's your superhero name?" Willow asked.

Karen paused between bites. "Huh. Good question. Probably not 'Divine'."

"Too self-serving?" Willow asked.

"Long story," Karen replied.

"Oh, oh, how about Nightwing? Cause you've got a black costume and everything."

Karen raised an eyebrow. "Pretty sure that one's taken." She frowned. "Unless it's not. Is he Batman now? Or Red Robin? Or... you know, comic book continuity was way more fun before it became real life."

"Hey," Kara said as she walked down the stairs, wrapped in a towel that hid her assets only poorly, walked into the laundry room, and deposited her uniform in the washing machine. "You're gonna want to hurry up and take your shower, Karen," Kara called. "I'm gonna leave it for you to start when you're ready." She walked back out into the kitchen. "Hey, I'm gonna dry off and get ready for bed," she said. A pause. "You going to eat that?" she asked, gesturing to the other half of the plate of latkes.

Karen handed the plate to Kara, whose towel slipped down around her waist as she took it.

Willow stared. "... um... hi... er, I'm..." she began to blush.

Kara made short work of the plate, then headed back upstairs. "Night!" she said.

Willow continued to stare.

Karen looked at Willow, then towards Kara's departing form, then back to Willow. "Will, don't take this the wrong way..."

Willow looked at Karen. "Huh? What is it?" There was a touch of nervousness to her voice.

Karen trailed off. "... Never mind."



* * *



Sunrise, and the double Ks woke with the dawn. They couldn't not at this point. Stupid Kryptonian physiology. Willow looked like she'd finally fallen asleep. Karen had been kind of worried about her, what with all the restless shifting she'd done in her sleep, plus the trip she'd to the bathroom she'd made to take a shower at 4:00 AM.

Taking care not to wake Willow, Karen and Kara, naked as the day they were born, rose to their feet and walked downstairs to get their costumes out of the laundry.

"... You ever think maybe we should carry around backup costumes for when one needs washing? Like in a ring or something, like the Flash?" Karen asked as she put on her costume.

Kara shrugged. "We could look into it," she said. "I bet Hank could figure something out."

Karen nodded. A brief breakfast and a note for Willow later, they set out across the town, each with different destinations.

"Hey Cordy," Karen said as Cordelia emerged onto the front porch of her home. It was getting towards eight in the morning, and the Chase estate was shining with the morning dew.

Cordelia turned, raised an eyebrow. "Xand... Karen? What do you want?"

"Just, you know, saying goodbye. The spell that brought us here is only good for twenty four hours."

"Twenty four hours, huh?" Cordelia asked as she walked to her car. Karen followed. Then, standing in front of her car, Cordelia turned, took Karen into her arms, and kissed her. Karen's eyes went wide. Then they went a bit wider as Cordelia's tongue... Oh hell, her toes were curling.

Cordelia broke the kiss. "... Nope, still straight."

Karen stared. "What the HELL?"

"I was curious," Cordy said. "And it's not cheating. I'm dating Xander. You're Xander, sort of. And hey, it's not like you can tell anyone."

"I  OK, I get that, but 'nope, still straight?'"

Cordelia shrugged. "Seemed like my best chance to check without perving on someone in the locker room who I might actually see around school."

"I... you can't just... gah!"

Cordelia got into her car, started it, and drove away, leaving a spluttering, confused, and kind of turned on Karen in her wake.



* * *



It was over almost too soon. Hour passed to hour, and soon Karen and Kara stood over the spot corresponding to the Hellmouth at Sunnydale High once more.

"I guess this is it," Karen said.

"Guess it is," Xander replied. "Hey, listen, for what it's worth, I'm..."

"Don't apologize," Karen said.

Xander nodded. "Right. Anyways, I guess, try to avoid getting retconned out of existence, OK? And good luck."

Karen smirked. "You too." Then she looked to Giles. "Take care of yourself, Giles," she said, "And of the others, ok?"

"Be well, Karen," Giles replied.

Then Willow was there, hugging her within an inch of her life. "Stay safe, Karen."

Then it was just Buffy. "Take care of yourself, Karen," she said, giving the much taller girl a hug. "Don't do anything I wouldn't do."

Karen grinned. "I'll see what I can do."

"Is Cordelia coming?" Xander asked.

"Already talked to her," Karen said, and blushed.

Xander raised an eyebrow, but said nothing. Then he blinked. "Oh! Right! I almost forgot!" He pulled out an extra backpack and offered it to Karen, who took it with a dubious look. "It's... well, it's a bunch of issues of comics you might find, er, useful."

Karen passed it over to Kara, who frowned. "That's pretty dangerous..." Kara said.

The glow rose up around them, then. The portal formed on top of the two, helped along by the presence of the Hellmouth.

"Say hi to Superman for me!" Xander called, "And watch out for the continuity reboot!"

Karen blinked. "Oh, we haven't actually been in the DC..."

The portal took them.

End Chapter 01



* * *



Author's notes:

So I decided to just keep posting this onto the New World in my View thing on on account of lacking a 'series' function.





*Chapter 15*: DU: Mercury Falling


			Earth 616

Sanctum Sanctorum

New York, New York

"It's been over a day since you brought me back! Where is she, Doctor?"

"I don't know."

"How come I think you do?"

Those words, so very similar to others spoken months before: Hawkeye, returned to life, asking after the location of the Scarlet Witch.

But this wasn't chaos magic. Despite the lingering scent of chaos which clung to Karen and Kara both, refusing to fade no matter the time or distance from the event which had joined them together three months previous, this wasn't that. This was something... older. Older than Order and Chaos. Older, perhaps, than magic. The portal had flared green at the end.

He looked upon Kara Zor-L, beheld the traces of chaos magic which clung to her. He understood all at once. Kara and Karen. They were connected still. They inhabited separate bodies, but each could still function as a sympathetic link to the other. A link he could use.

"I don't know where she is, but with your help, I believe I can find her."

Kara nodded. "Anything I can do," she replied. "Just bring her back."

This had gone on too long. He had other responsibilities. Too much time was being devoted to this. "Please be seated. This may take a few hours."

It took six. Six hours of chanting. Of searching. Of focusing. Of trying very hard to ignore the twenty students from the Xavier Institute for Higher Learning chatting in the foyer. Why they ALL wanted to be here was beyond him.  Six exhausting hours, but it paid off in the end. The portal opened, and Karen returned. There was a... resistance. A difficulty locking on. But then, the light of the portal was fading, and Doctor Strange felt as though he had just run three back to back marathons.

Karen was home.

Kara smiled, rising to her feet and moving forward to welcome her fellow Kryptonian. "Welcome back," she said. A beat passed, her smile faded, and she raised an eyebrow. "Are you wearing a dress?"



* * *



Destination Unknown

by P.H. Wise

An X-Men crossover fanfic

Chapter 2: Mercury Falling, Part I

Disclaimer: The DC Universe and its associated characters is the property of DC comics. The Marvel Universe and its associated characters is the property of Marvel Entertainment LLC. Buffy the Vampire Slayer is Joss Whedon's baby. This chapter contains some dialogue from New X-Men #33 and #34. Marvel owns those, too.



* * *



"Are you wearing a dress?"

"I don't want to talk about it," Karen said as she and Kara walked out into the foyer. Immediately, Karen stopped short, staring at the sight of no less than twenty students from the Xavier Institute there to meet her. And it was true: Karen had arrived in a red plaid pattern halter dress. And fishnets. And makeup. And hair extensions that brought her hair down to her shoulders. And sneakers. And she looked gorgeous. And for all that the outfit was actually pretty comfortable, she felt like a fool wearing it.

"Hey Karen," Cessily called.

"See?" one student whispered to another. "She does wear dresses, sometimes!"

"Woah," another student whispered, "She really DID end up in that other body."

"I've still got $20 on her being like a Skrull imposter or something," whispered a fourth.

"We like your new look, Karen," the Cuckoos said in unison.

"Thanks," Karen replied. She met Irma's gaze, then, and smiled. "Still not talking about it."

Santo came walking in from another room. "Holy crap, guys," he began, "Did you know there were Young Freaking Avengers running around?" A pause. "Oh, hey Karen."

"Rockslide," Karen replied.

Cessily rolled her eyes. "Everyone knows that, Santo."

Then it occurred to Karen exactly what Santo had referenced, and she blinked. "Young Avengers? We have those in this world?"

"Everyone except Karen knows that, Santo," Cessily revised.

"And you never told me? This 'Wiccan' guy is in the other room waiting to see Doctor Strange! How do I not know about them until I run into a dude with a chick's code name? We should go beat them up! Like, for no other reason than that they're the Young Avengers, and we're the New X-Men! It'll be awesome! Who's their strong guy?"

"Hey, there are plenty of male Wiccans," Laurie said.

"How would you know? You ever met any?"

Karen couldn't help but laugh. It was good to be home. She exchanged glances with Kara, who gave a look that said, 'go talk to your friends.' "I'll meet you back at the school," Kara said. "I have a few things to do."

"What's it like?" Laurie asked as Kara walked out the front doors, shutting them carefully behind her.

Karen raised an eyebrow. "What's what like?"

"Being in that new body," Laurie said. "Kara told us what happened. The teachers said it was true, too. Is it weird?"

Karen shrugged. "It's... weird. The same and different. And not just hair colour." She gestured to her stomach. "I don't have a belly button anymore."

"Really?" Laurie asked.

Karen smiled. "No, not really. Honestly, it's... mostly the same. It only bugs me when I actually think about it. Or look in a mirror."

"So all that time, you were two people in the same body..." Cessily said. "That must have been..."

"Weird?" Karen asked with a lopsided smile.

The others laughed.

"Students," a new voice called out, piercing the din of conversation. It was Wong. He was standing at the entrance to Doctor Strange's study. "The master is weary. He is retiring for the evening. He asks that I relay his request that you each find your way home."

Twenty one students glanced his way, exchanged looks, and began to file out the front, where their O*N*E escort of six armed guards were waiting. No one particularly liked that. Not the students, not the guards.

As they walked from Doctor Strange's home to the Bleecker street subway station, Karen glanced at her friends. "So I never got a chance to ask," she said, "Did anything happen while I was unconscious for six days?"

Noriko, Julian, David, Laurie, and Cessily exchanged ominous looks.

Karen frowned. "What? What does that mean?"

"Oh... not a whole lot," Cessily said. Noriko nodded in agreement.

An awkward silence.

"... OK," Laurie said, "Let's see... Psylocke's crazy brother came back and temporarily turned off all the Sentinels, and then he, Psylocke and Nightcrawler and a few others saved the world from the First Fallen."

Karen's eyes widened. "What, the Devil?"

"No idea," Julian said. "They didn't say."

Laurie went on. "Professor Xavier left for Shi'ar space with Marvel Girl, Havoc, Darwin, and a few others..."

"The Professor was here?" Karen asked, her surprise obvious. "And I missed him?"

Cessily shrugged.

Laurie marked out a third finger. "Then Noriko's team went to Denver to fight these HYDRA agents that wanted to kidnap Forge, and crashed one of the Blackbirds..."

"... Denver, HYDRA, Blackbirds, Forge..." Karen repeated.

Laurie marked out a fourth finger, "Then Apocalypse showed up and attacked the school trying to get us all to drink his blood, and turned Polaris into Pestilence and Gambit into Death..."

And now Karen was giving Laurie an incredulous look. "Are you just making things up?" she asked suspiciously.

David looked a little uncomfortable. "To be honest? The reason almost ALL the remaining students came to see you back?" A beat passed. "Most of them figured that Doctor Strange's sanctum was probably less likely to get randomly attacked."

Karen was at a loss for words. "I... see..." she managed.

Irma spoke up, then. She and her sisters had been walking a short ways behind the others. "Tell her about Northstar and Aurora setting fire to the school and almost killing Iceman," she said.

"How do you people not all have ridiculous levels of PTSD?" Karen asked.

"Powerful telepaths," Laurie replied matter-of-factly.

Karen's left eye began to twitch.

They arrived at the station a few minutes later.

The students had already worked out a plan: those who could fly would fly. Those who could carry others would carry others. The rest took the subway from Bleecker street to the 125th street station, where they caught the Harlem rail line to Purdy's. A bus from the school was waiting there to take them all home. Everyone pitched in to cover the cost. Well, everyone except Karen, who hadn't brought any money with her, and wound up feeling a little bit like a tool for all that she was told it was fine.

"... the hell is that?" a voice asked from further back in the bus as it approached the gates to the Xavier Institute.

Karen turned to look. Stared.

"Is that what I think it is?" Santo asked.

"Depends," Karen said, her tone somewhat dazed. "Do you think it's a flying ocean liner? 'Cause that's what I think it is."

"Looks more like a cargo ship to me," David said.

"... Can we all take a moment away from arguing over what kind of flying ship it is that's floating above the school and just deal with the fact that there's a flying ship floating above the school?" Laurie asked.

"Definitely not the sort of thing you see every day," Julian said. Then he smirked. "Unless you're us."

The bus went through the gates. Pulled up in front of the school. The students emerged under heavy guard. Too heavy. Though she knew they couldn't hurt her, Karen became uncomfortably aware of the sheer number of guns pointed her way.

An X-Man was approaching. Guy with a body made of ice. Drake something.

Karen stared up at the flying ship.

"You like it?" Drake-ice-guy asked with a smirk. "We were thinking of getting a matched pair."

"You people are sick," came a voice from off to the left. The speaker, a middle-aged man in full uniform, came stalking up, accompanied by three more soldiers. "I don't care what kind of telepathic leash you've got her on, you sent DIVINE out to New York city in the company of your students? What part of 'EXTREMELY DANGEROUS, to be kept in cryo-stasis until further notice' did you not understand?"

Karen blinked. Looked at the ice-guy, then at the officer. "I'm not..." she began. That was when it occurred to her that she could kill every single soldier on the grounds in the span of a few seconds if she wanted to. And then she gave a mental 'what the hell was that?' at the weird thought, pushing it aside. "I'm not Divine," she said. Emma and Scott were approaching now. They'd emerged from the mansion only a few moments after the ice-guy.  Iceman, right. Cessily had mentioned the name a minute ago, but Karen had been thinking of Top Gun when she said it, and... OK, yeah, that wasn't really a good excuse, and she knew it, but thinking about that was better than dwelling on the sick sense of terror she felt at the thought of being held accountable for Divine's crimes.

The soldier barked a laugh. "The hell you aren't."

"Major Greystone," Emma said, "Ms. Cooper has been appraised of the situation. You have your orders. Be a good soldier and refrain from harassing my students."

Greystone glared at Emma. "First you monsters murder the Sentry, now this? This is beyond the pale, Frost."

"We did nothing of the kind," Emma replied. "The Sentry attacked the school, caused extensive property damage, nearly caused a diplomatic incident by seriously injuring the King of Atlantis on American soil, killed a full thirteen of the so-called '198,' killed at least twice as many of your soldiers, and then disintegrated for reasons unknown, possibly related to his madness."

Greystone held Emma's gaze a moment longer. "This isn't over," he said. Then he looked Karen's way. "Not by a long shot." With those words, he stormed off.



* * *



Kara was in the room when she got in. It was late afternoon, now. Kara was lying on the bed, reading a book. And that was when it occurred to Karen that she didn't have her own room. "Hey," she said.

"Hey," Kara replied.

Karen went over to the sink in the bathroom.

"You want to talk about it?" Kara asked. She was standing at the door, now.

"No," Karen replied, taking a long look at her reflection in the mirror.

"It's weird, isn't it?" Kara asked.

Karen didn't reply.

"Being in Divine's body. But you're lucky. Your friends understand what happened. And hey, you have friends who understand that kind of thing."

Karen said nothing.

"You experienced any flashes of her memories yet?" Kara asked.

Karen looked up. "Is that going to happen?" she asked, alarmed.

"It might," Kara said. "Emma said that most of it's gone, but you might get a little bit. A few flashes. She said that she'd prefer to let your subconscious deal with it naturally, but if you really can't stand it, you should go and see her."

Karen sighed. "... When we stepped into the portal, I got diverted to this other world," she said all at once. "You guys all came back. I was stuck for a day in this  weird other place that combined this world with home."

When Kara didn't reply, Karen went on. "Their version of Buffy had a little sister. Pretty sure she's the reason I wound up there." She took a breath. "There was another me there, too."

Kara raised an eyebrow. "What were you like?" she asked. A beat passed. "Was he like," she corrected.

"Would you believe married to three gorgeous psychopathic nymphomaniacs?" Karen asked.

Kara gave Karen a dubious look. "No, seriously."

"... He was OK, I guess. Male. Older. Like, mid-twenties. Had an eye-patch. The eye behind it was gone. He seemed happy, though."

"How'd you end up like that?" Kara asked, gesturing to Karen's current attire.

Karen looked down at herself and grimaced. "Hell hath no fury like a shopper scorned," she intoned gravely. "Long story short, they were girls with superpowers, I got mouth-molested by someone who wasn't Cordelia, and they " she trailed off, shrugged, stared at the girl in the mirror with the dark makeup and the hair extensions and the goth look for a long moment, regarding her as she would a stranger.

"Is that supposed to be me?" Karen asked. She looked to Kara. "The girls I met in that other world seemed to think I needed... I don't know. They took me out. Had me made over. Made a whole new me.  I get that I need clothes that fit me and everything, but I don't really do makeup, I still get the crawling horrors at the idea of wearing a skirt, and I couldn't act like a girl to save my life..."

Kara gave Karen a dubious look. "Act like a girl? When you were Xander, how much effort did you put into being male?"

Karen frowned. "What do you mean?"

"Did you find yourself worrying about whether or not you were being manly?"

"Only when Buffy totally broke the guy code, and..."

Kara interrupted. "But how much of your day did normally you spent worrying about whether you were acting male enough?" she asked.

"I... well, none."

"Why not?" Kara asked.

"... because that would be silly?"

Kara nodded. "You don't have to be anyone else's idea of what a girl is. Be yourself. Your body will do what it's going to do, and you need to take care of it, but beyond that... If you want to wear makeup, wear makeup. If you want to wear a dress and fishnets, wear a dress and fishnets. If not, then don't."

"But what about...?"

"What other people are going to think if you don't act or present yourself like a typical girl? They're not the ones who have to live your life. Only you can do that."

Karen stared at the face in the mirror. At the differences. The highlights. The way it made her look darkly beautiful. The way it emphasized some features, concealed others. Then she took a washcloth, wet it in the sink, and began to wipe it all away.



* * *



"Bullshit," Julian said. He and Santo were in a rec room, trying to set up a game of pool. Santo kept knocking the balls out of place when he tried to place them, and after a moment, Julian started waving his hands away every time he reached over to try to help. Cessily and Laurie were on the couch in front of the TV. Laura - X-23 - was over by the window, looking out at the outline of Sentinels against the westering sun.

Karen came walking in, feeling much better now that she'd scrubbed off the black makeup and changed into something more normal: same sneakers, but now a simple blue jeans and off-white blouse combo. With the extensions out, her hair was back to shortish and shaggy as hell, which was annoying, but she was dealing.

"I'm not kidding," Santo said. "Look at this face." He gestured to his literally rocky, craggy face. "Does this look like the face of a guy that's kidding?"

"Hey," Karen called.

"Hey Karen," Cessily replied.

"Hey!" Laurie said.

"You're just saying this because you're still pissed that nobody told you there was a Young Avengers team," Julian said. "I'm not falling for it."

"It's the truth!" Santo reached for the eight ball, scooped it up before Julian could get to it, and gingerly dropped it into the center of the ball-formation.

"Bullshit, Santo. There's no organization with the acronym, 'H.A.T.E.'."

Karen blinked. "... What are they talking about?"

"It stands for Highest Anti-Terrorism Effort!" Santo insisted.

"Santo's still bitter," Cessily replied. She looked over her shoulder. "Nice try, Santo," she said.

Laurie giggled. "Next he'll be trying to convince us that the Duck Man of Cleveland is real."

Santo glared.

"... Anyone seen Irma?" Karen asked.

Cessily shrugged. "Nope," Laurie said. Santo and Julian continued arguing.

Karen hmmed. "Laura, you seen Irma anywhere?" she asked.

"Cerebra," Laura replied.

Karen blinked. "Ah. Thanks."

Laura didn't reply.



* * *



A group of soldiers stood at attention before a large holographic projector in the middle of a large warehouse. There were perhaps thirty of them, each in body armor, listening as their commanding officer briefed them on the threats they were likely to face.

"Next is Sooraya Qadir," the officer said, and a hologram of Sooraya appeared above the projector. "This one transforms into sand, and can project herself with enough velocity to flay the skin off you. Concussion grenades and liquid are both effective against her. Again, these are the mutants the target is most likely to be with at any given time. Each of them is under constant O*N*E surveillance, and we've tapped into those systems for real-time tracking."

He clicked a handheld remote, and the image changed again. "Santo Vaccaro, codename: Rockslide. Superhuman strength, nearly invulnerable skin density, and can use his appendages like projectiles, firing them with level five force. Go for the eyes and mouth." Another click. The image of Power Girl in her old borrowed uniform. "And this one. Karen Starr, codename: Power Girl. Pay attention, lads. O*N*E classes the others as code red threats. This girl is code omega. O*N*E lacks a full accounting of her powers, but those confirmed so far include Superhuman strength, effectively invulnerable skin, flight, superhuman speed, and some kind of eye-lasers."

"... Eye-lasers, sir?" One of the soldiers asked.

"You heard me," the officer said. "This bitch is on the level of Thor or The Sentry. Rumor has it she killed the latter. If she's with the target, do not engage under any circumstances."

Another click. "And this is Divine. Real name unknown. Also code omega. Abilities apparently identical to Power Girl's. The X-Men are supposed to be keeping her in cryo, but after the Sentry incident, she's been recovering in their medical facility, and is apparently now loyal to the X-Men. We have reason to suspect she's now under their telepathic control. I don't think I need to remind you men of what happened in Stamford. Do not engage under any circumstances."

He went through the remaining New X-Men, giving a brief description of each of their abilities, and then, "Once a window of opportunity presents itself, we take the target and get out. Neither the X-Men nor the O*N*E Sentinels are to be engaged, if at all possible. You've seen the files. I don't need to remind you how dangerous these mutants can be." He grinned. "Excessive force is highly recommended."



* * *



Xavier Institute

Danger Room

It was all so different now that she had control of her own body again. Now that she wasn't feeling constantly suffocated in her own skin. Now that she wasn't helplessly watching another person puppet her limbs with no outside contact outside of what was facilitated by telepathy. That omnipresent sense of claustrophobic helplessness that had been Kara Zor-L's entire world for the last three months had been lifting little by little for the last seven days. And she'd taken the time to get a few things done.

Beast frowned. "What you are suggesting, young lady, is absurd," he said. "Light is light. Light from a red sun may have a smaller occurrence of high frequencies than light from a yellow sun, tending towards the infrared, but there is no possible mechanism by which you could draw power from yellow sunlight, and have this power temporarily disrupted by red."

Kara gave him a long-suffering look from where she floated in mid-air in the center of the danger room. "Please don't argue with me, Hank, and don't ask me to explain the science. I just need to duplicate the light of a red star."

Beast shook his head and began to adjust the danger room controls to modulate the frequencies of light being generated. "If this works, I shall eat my hat." He gestured to the black cap he wore with a large circled X blazoned in the center of it.

Kara waited.

"Program ready," Beast announced, and then hit the switch to activate it. All at once, the danger room became Central Park, save only that instead of the yellow star which had burned in Earth's skies since time immemorial, now burned there a great red sun.

The sensors began to ping, and he stared at them incredulously as Kara's powers slowly began to wane. She began to drift down towards the ground. It took about a minute before she could no longer hover.

Beast looked at Kara, looked at his readings, took off his hat, took a large bite, chewed, swallowed.

"I know it doesn't need to be said just how much I'm trusting you by giving you this knowledge," Kara said, "But I'm saying it anyways. If Karen and I are going to be working with the X-Men even short term, you need *something* that you can use against us if we end up compromised. What happened with Divine can't ever happen again."

"Mphhmphmpehmpmhpph," Beast replied.

Kara gave Beast a look.

Beast finished chewing, swallowed the last bit of his hat, and then nodded. "I understand," he said gravely. "Believe me when I say, I will not betray your trust."

Kara nodded.

A beat passed. "... Have you considered the offer from the Avengers?" Beast asked.

"You heard about that?" Kara asked.

Beast smiled, and it looked strange on his leonine face. "The X-Men are nothing if not incorrigible gossips."

Kara grinned. "I know how that can be. Did I ever tell you about my team back home?"

"I don't believe you did."

"Justice Society of America," Kara said. "The Flash. Green Lantern. Wildcat. Mr. Terrific. Doctor Fate. Doctor Mid-Nite, Stargirl, Lightning. Good people. I'm the chairperson at the moment." She frowned. "Or I was, before this."

"You must know that Reed Richards and Tony Stark both are seeking a way to return you to your home," Beast said. "You will see your friends again."

Kara nodded. "I know I will. I'm just worried about what happens to Karen when that happens.  and I don't exactly approve of them making me joining their team as reserve member a condition of their lobbying to have the charges against her dropped." She made a face. "Justice shouldn't be about political deals."

"Such is the world we live in," Beast said, not without regret.

"It doesn't have to be," Kara replied, and there was conviction in her voice. She wasn't talking about going home to her own universe.

Beast nodded. "It doesn't have to be," he conceded. "The arc of the moral universe is long," he quoted, "But it bends towards justice. And sometimes it needs a little help along the way." A beat passed, and Beast changed the subject. "If she chooses not to accompany you," he said, "She'll manage. Whatever else she may be, she is among friends here."

Kara smiled. "Thanks." She glanced up at the clock, then to Beast. "Better get going," she said. "Kitty, Peter and I were going to catch this new slasher movie I heard about."

Beast blinked. "Slasher movie?"

Kara nodded. "It's called Hostel. It's supposed to be pretty bloody. Not one of those watered down teen audience ones."

"...Ah," Beast said, not entirely sure how to react. Peter and Kitty had never shown any interest in slasher films as far as he knew. He wondered, did they know what they were in for? He turned to ask the question aloud.

Kara was gone.



* * *



One of the annoying things about super-hearing was having to pretend you couldn't hear everything said by anyone nearby. Karen had gotten pretty good at it over the last few months. She walked along the corridor that led to the Cerebra chamber, pretending away that she hadn't heard Cessily's discovery of Laura's crush on Julian, pretending she couldn't hear Kitty and Peter's makeout session, pretending she couldn't hear the sound of construction going on in the cargo ship floating above the mansion, pretending a lot of things.

The door opened as she approached it. Irma, Phoebe, and Celeste were within, each wearing one of the specialized helmets that helped to connect a telepath to the Cerebra system.

Karen walked into the chamber and stood behind the girls, watching the display for a few moments. It was showing... points of light scattered across the globe. Some in large clusters. Some in small clusters. Some isolated. Karen counted two hundred and fifty six thousand three hundred and one blips on the display, and it still kind of made her giggle that she could determine that in less than a second.

"Hello, Karen," Irma said, turning to look over her shoulder. She made a disappointed noise. "You changed," she said.

"Yeah," Karen said. "Dress, fishnets, makeup? Not really me."

"We liked it," all three girls said in unison.

Irma winked. "It made you look hot."

"What're you looking at?" Karen asked.

"Mutants," Celeste said. "All of them," Phoebe said.

Karen looked at the display of the planet Earth, at the scattering of lights. "Why?"

"We wanted to see if there had been any new mutant births, any new mutant awakenings since M-Day," Irma said.

"Have there?"

"No," the girls said in unison. "Nine in ten mutants lost their powers," Celeste said. "And no new mutants since then," Phoebe finished.

"Oh." A pause. "When was M-Day, anyways? I keep hearing about it, but nobody's ever said..."

"June 30th," Irma said.

Karen blinked at that. June 30th. It had been October 31st in her universe when she left, but she was pretty sure that the date here when she arrived had been June 30th... huh.

"You're not going to throw away the dress, are you?" Irma asked.

Karen blinked. "I was thinking about it," she said.

Irma made a disappointed sound, looking Karen's way once more. "You should keep it. I liked it on you."

Karen blushed. "I... er..." Brain in danger of shut down. And not because of telepathic influence. "I'm not comfortable wearing something like that," she managed.

Irma nodded. "I figured."

Karen blinked. "... You were messing with me." she said.

"Little bit. Though it DID look good on you."

Karen tried to screw up her courage. She'd wanted to ask Irma out for a long time now, but she hadn't... first there was going home, then six days unconscious, then actually going home but to say goodbye, then...

Her courage failed her. "Hey, I'll see you around," she said.

Irma looked disappointed, but nodded.

Karen turned to go. She stopped at the doorway. Turned around. "Do you want to go out with me?" she blurted out. "I, er, as... you know, two people, and going to a... food..." she trailed off, blushing heavily, thinking to herself, 'smooth, Karen. Real smooth.'

Irma laughed. "When?" she asked.

"Tomorrow? Dinner in town? Maybe go to  whatever the local equivalent of the Bronze is?"

"Sure. Will you wear that dress?"

"... uh," she said.

"Kidding," Irma lied.

The other two Cuckoos gave Irma and Karen disapproving looks, but Karen didn't notice. She felt as though her heart were carrying her whole body up into the air. She smiled like a fool. Whatever else was going on, things were definitely looking up.

That was when the sound of an explosion reached her Kryptonian ears, followed by the sounds of gunfire, and of Cessily's distant screams.



* * *



End Chapter 02

Author's note:

I know that the official date for M-Day is November 2. That made no sense to me, given that the Civil War event is described as having taken place 'over the summer.' Which would mean that either M-Day happened *after* the Civil War, or there was almost a year between M-Day and the Civil War, which the comics portrayed as taking place while the X-Men were more or less still dealing with the aftermath of the Decimation. So I changed the date.





*Chapter 16*: DU: Sparks on the Cold Hearth


			Destination Unknown

by P.H. Wise

A Power Girl Crossover Fanfic

Chapter 3: Sparks on the Cold Hearth

Disclaimer: The DC Universe and its associated characters is the property of DC comics. The Marvel Universe and its associated characters is the property of Marvel Entertainment LLC. Buffy the Vampire Slayer is Joss Whedon's baby. This chapter contains some dialogue taken from Phoenix Warsong #01. Marvel owns that, too.



* * *



The coffee shop was in ruins. Innocent people were buried in the ruble, some dead, some not. Laura clutched at her belly, trying to keep her insides on the inside while her healing factor did it's thing. Watching as the black armored van with its soldiers who had taken Cessily peeled out, with Kimura - her former handler - still leaning out the passenger side door.

"KIMURA!" Laura roared.

"Another time, X," Kimura called. "See you soon."

A dark blur. A rush of wind. The van lifted into the air. The sonic boom arrived a few seconds after. The wheels spun without ground contact for a few moments. Then the van shook violently, dropping Kimura out onto the road. Then Karen lowered the van gently to the ground, this time on its side.

"... damn it," Kimura hissed.

Laura was already charging. Leaped like a feral creature, trying everything she could to kill the woman who had brought her so much suffering, killed the people in the cafe, and then taken Cessily. Her claws couldn't pierce the woman's skin.

Kimura heaved her off, and she was back in a flash. Just in time to take a shot to the gut from what looked like a tranquilizer gun. She didn't cry out. Not even when a wave of warm dizziness swept over her, and her limbs became sluggish. Another shot, this one to the neck. She could feel her healing factor fighting off whatever it was. She shook her head, struggled to rise. Something metal slid into place around her neck with a click, and her healing factor shut off like a light.

Laura looked up. Karen was helping Cessily out of the back of the van. The soldiers weren't stopping her. Two were unconscious.

"I've just poisoned X-23," Kimura announced, rising to her feet. "And that power-suppression collar around her neck ensuring her healing factor stays inactive is made of secondary adamantium. She'll be dead in less than a minute without medical intervention."

Laura glared. It was getting hard to breathe. Hard to move her head to glare at Kimura. "Blllsht..." she slurred. Her mouth wasn't cooperating, either. She couldn't swallow.

"Make your choice, Divine. Which of your friends are you going to save?"

Karen glared at Kimura. "My name's not Divine," she said, annoyed.

"Tick, tock," Kimura said.

Karen looked at Cessily, then at Laura.

"Save Cessily," Laura tried to say, but her mouth wouldn't cooperate. Her vocal cords wouldn't... she couldn't breathe... she knew what she'd been dosed with now.

"NO!" Cessily screamed. "Save Laura! Don't you DARE let her die, Karen!"

Karen walked Cessily over to Laura. The soldiers followed at a distance, none of them sure how this was going to turn out. Then Karen reached out and grabbed hold of the collar with both hands.

"What part of secondary adamantium do you not understand?" Kimura asked. "Are you really going to let your friend die while you engage in a futile test of strength?"

"She's right," Cessily said, "You're strong, Karen, but you're not the Hulk..."

Karen struggled, muscles visibly straining as she pulled on either side of the collar. For a long, terrible moment, nothing happened.  and then there was an awful ripping-metal sound, and she broke the collar in half, pulling each half away from Laura's neck. Immediately, Laura's healing factor kicked in, and the effects of the curare began to subside. She took the tiniest, smallest breath of air, and it was the sweetest she'd ever tasted.

"You were saying?" Karen asked.

Kimura stared, and in her eyes, for one brief moment, Laura saw a thing that she had never seen in Kimura before: fear. "What."

Tension grew in the air. None of the soldiers wanted to be the first to move. Laura could smell their terror. She could move, now. Still sluggish, but enough to start getting back up to her feet. She was getting stronger by the second.

Laura broke the tension by unsheathing her claws with an audible 'snikt'.

Karen's stance shifted then. Her gaze hardened, her eyes no longer kind but full of judgment; her voice no longer soft but filled with quiet anger. "Here's how this is going to work," she said. "You help me tend to the people you hurt and then give yourselves up to the authorities, and I don't hold you down and let X-23 here beat you to death with your own severed limbs. That work for you?"

"... uh... yeah, that sounds fair," the soldiers agreed.

"Cowards and traitors," Kimura hissed, producing a pistol. Before she could pull the trigger, Cessily batted it out of her hands with a limb reshaped into a club, and it went clattering to the ground.

"This just isn't your day," Cessily remarked.

Kimura cursed.

"... Anything I should know about her, Laura?" Karen asked.

"She's immune to harm," Laura said. "No force can penetrate her flesh. It's annoying."

Karen hmmed thoughtfully. "Immune to harm, huh?" A brief pause. "I still don't like the idea of hitting a..."

Kimura reached for a dagger.

Karen cut off in mid-sentence. A split second later, she'd smashed Kimura's face into the concrete sidewalk three times. Then Karen turned towards the soldiers, heedless of the sound of approaching sirens. "Get to work," she said. "People are counting on us."

It was then that Laura decided that Karen was useful to have around.

It was a little surreal, working with three soldiers from the Facility to get injured people to safety. Some they moved. Some they dug out. Some they left because the rubble on top of them was the only thing keeping them from bleeding out. Once more paramedics were on hand, those people were evacuated as well. Four people had been killed. Another five might live, if they were lucky. A dozen more who would have been smothered in the rubble were fine. And Cessily was fine.

Despite the grim work, Laura allowed herself the luxury of a smile.



* * *



Peter Parker awoke in a hospital room. That was good: after hitting WAY above his weight in that fight against Divine, he hadn't really expected to wake up at all, so this was a definite improvement on being dead. Speaking as someone who had been dead (sort of - well, for like a split second, maybe), he figured he was in a position to know. Well, OK, he'd asked Jean Grey, once, back when the X-Men hadn't been too cool to hang around with non-mutants.  which also wasn't exactly a fair description. He was just recovering from being nearly killed, though, so he figured a few unkind thoughts were excusable. Still, he could have done without the way his everything hurt. "... Ow." he said.

Mary Jane Watson-Parker was at his side in an instant, crossing the space between the chair where she'd sat watching over him and his bed in a split second and then she had him wrapped up in a hug that made his everything hurt a little bit more than it had before. He tried, but he couldn't hug her back: he was in a full body cast. "Hi." he said.

"Welcome back, Peter." Tony. Tony was here. Looked like he had just walked in through the door.

"You had me worried," MJ whispered into his hair.

"Had me worried, too," Peter replied. "Anyone get the number of the naked chick that hit me?"

Mary Jane pulled back a little, gave Peter a look, seemed to think about it for a moment, and then rolled her eyes. "I'm going to assume you didn't mean that the way it sounded."

He blinked, then tried to nod, but couldn't quite manage it. "... Oh. Good assumption. I meant that..."

Tony cut him off. "She's been briefed, Peter." MJ nodded in confirmation.

"Oh. Good." Peter looked down at himself, taking in the damage, trying not to feel a rising sense of panic over the way he couldn't actually feel anything below his waist. "How long was I out?"

"Over a week, Peter," Mary Jane said. "You scared us half to death."

Peter stared. "... Aunt May?" he asked.

"Been here," MJ replied. "Watching over you. We've been coming in shifts."

Peter nodded, then looked thoughtful, then frowned. "Hey, maybe it's just the painkillers, but I can't actually feel my legs."

Mary Jane looked to Tony.

"We know," Tony said. "When you fought Divine alone, and she... sent you through that tree, it fractured your spine in thirteen places. Reed and I have done what we can to repair the damage, probably saved you from total paralysis, but frankly, you're lucky to be alive."

Peter felt as though the floor had just fallen out from under him. "...What?" And then MJ had her arms around him, drawing him into another hug, and it hurt, but the warmth and affection he felt towards her in that moment overwhelmed any sense of pain.

"It's going to be OK, Tiger," MJ murmured.

"We have some ideas for a kind of cybernetic nervous system replacement, though," Tony went on. "Give us a few years, and we'll have you up on your feet again."

Peter kept right on staring, a sense of incredulity mingled with anger rising within him. When he spoke, there was a hard edge to his voice. "Not to sound ungrateful," he said, "But isn't there a mutant kid over at Xavier's who can cure any kind of injury just by thinking it?"

Mary-Jane's eyes widened. "What?" She looked at Tony.

Tony shifted uncomfortably. "I'd prefer not to involve an unknown, potentially unstable boy who has limited control over his powers at best..." he began.

Peter felt his jaw drop open ever so slightly.

"That's unacceptable," Mary-Jane said, and there was a hard edge in her voice that Peter had rarely heard before, and only on those rare occasions when he'd made her REALLY angry.

"You need to understand," Tony tried to explain, "The situation is complicated, and we don't even know if the Foley boy could actually heal you. He might do more harm than good."

"More harm than me being paralyzed for the next few YEARS?" Peter asked.

Mary-Jane's tone was ice-cold, now. "Mr. Stark, I don't know what kind of issues you've got with the X-Men, but if they've got a mutant with the power to heal my husband, the other option is 'a few years of paralysis,' and you're not willing to bring him to even LOOK at Peter, then you're not the man we thought you were."

The tension grew. The silence grew, broken only by the steady beep of the heart monitor. And then Tony sighed. "I'll make the call," he said, and walked out of the room.

When the door had shut behind him, Mary-Jane released her icy demeanor, shook her head, and looked at her husband. "I don't understand that man," she said.

Peter looked down. "... He wasn't this bad before the Hulk went missing," he said.

Mary-Jane didn't reply.



* * *



Construction was continuing on the Xavier estate. The refugee city taking shape upon that property had grown larger still, with new tents and new permanent construction, with the first dormitory having been finished three days prior. A thousand mutants had come here, and there were plans to at least double that number. As Karen, Cessily, and Laura returned, this time under heavy guard, a dozen soldiers moving with them, and Karen collared and shackled with the best power-suppression devices money could buy.  mutant power suppression devices, that is.

Once inside the gates, they were made to get out and walk, and Karen did so, glancing about at the new construction, at the sign someone had put up that said, 'Welcome to Mutantville.' At the O*N*E troops who swarmed across the area. "I think we made them mad," she said. Cessily rolled her eyes.

It was night. The sun had set. The stars were bright. It was the last day of the full moon. To Karen's eyes, the skies were full of light and colour. Every time she looked up at night, what waited for her was a panorama of unparalleled beauty. It was kind of distracting, actually. Though she was in high-tech shackles and a collar, Karen walked like she didn't have a care in the world. Some of the residents of 'Mutantville' gathered to watch as the three girls were led into the estate, but when it became clear that nothing more was happening, they went back to their own business.

They were led into the mansion, down a few hallways, and into a meeting room where Scott Summers, Valerie Cooper, Ororo Munroe, and Emma Frost were waiting.

"You can release her," Valerie said.

The soldiers moved to do so, but before they could, Karen pulled her hands apart, shredding the shackles like they were made of tissue. She reached for the collar, only to be interrupted by Valerie, speaking with a resigned tone of voice: "Miss Starr, please refrain from destroying our expensive power suppression equipment."

She stopped. The guards exchanged panicked looks, then, at Ms. Cooper's gesture, moved in and removed the collar. "Ma'am," they said.

"Leave us," she told them.

"With respect, Ma'am, this girl is..."

"Completely beyond the ability of six guards to handle," Val said. "If she wanted to kill us, we'd be dead. Leave us. Now."

Karen shifted uncomfortably. The way they were treating her... yeah, OK, so Divine had proven herself horrifically lethal, but still. She wasn't Divine. She kept telling people that. Kept lying, really. But the truth was complicated. She didn't need complicated. She needed something simple. Something black and white she could tell the nervous authorities: 'I'm not Divine. Divine is dead.' Even if it was a lie.

Everyone was looking at them. They didn't look happy.

"What happened?" Scott asked.

Silence for a moment as Karen and Cessily exchanged glances.

"It's my fault," Laura began.

"Just tell us what happened, child," Ororo said. "There will be time enough to assign blame later."

They did. They admitted to sneaking out. Using the old Morlock tunnels to leave without being seen by the guards. The coffee shop. The explosion. The attack.

"I was down at Cerebra," Karen said. "I heard the explosion, and then Cessily's voice. I..." she clenched and unclenched a fist. "They needed me. I couldn't just sit there."

Valerie Cooper looked Karen in the eye. "So you decided that instead of alerting O*N*E to the situation, or even informing a teacher, that you would leave the compound yourself and intervene."

"Er, yeah."

Valerie sighed. "And you two  evaded the guards that are here to protect you, snuck out through 'Morlock tunnels,' and drew the attention of a dangerous criminal organization. Is there anything else I should know about?"

Cessily looked at Laura, then at Valerie, and said nothing.

"They needed help," Karen said, "I helped. We saved some lives, and O*N*E took prisoner the woman responsible. Where's the bad?"

"Unfortunately," Ororo said, "The situation is more complex than you might suppose."

"You've put us into a very difficult position," Valerie added. "Me in particular."

"No offense," Karen said, "But aren't you the lady in charge of the operation that's put like the equivalent of a whole squad of mechanical death-machine burning crosses on the lawn?" A beat. "... I mean, if this weren't a school for mutants, but a school for..." she trailed off, growing flustered. Then she steeled herself, looked Val in the eye, and said, "Military death machines. School grounds. Concentration camp. You're in charge. I should care what you think why exactly?"

Scott and Emma exchanged looks.

"Miss Cooper is acting with the full authority of the Office of National Emergency," Ororo said. "And therefore with the full authority of the government of the United States."

"Again with the military death machines, school grounds, and concentration camp."

"This isn't any kind of concentration camp, Ms. Starr," Valerie said. "I understand why you'd use the metaphor, but as satisfying as it might be as a cheap emotional cudgel, it's inappropriate, offensive, and inaccurate. We're here for your protection. We're not here to oppress the remaining mutants."

Cessily started to snort dismissively, then stopped herself.

"Something to say, Mercury?" Emma asked, an eyebrow raised.

Cessily looked uncomfortable.

"Go ahead," Emma said.

Cessily spoke up, then, timid at first, but gaining confidence as she went on, "It seems like every time there's a crisis, all your Sentinels manage to do is get turned off or destroyed. When the Children of the Vault attacked in the flying boat, what did the Sentinels do, besides nothing?"

"Or when Apocalypse came?" Laura asked.

"Or the Sentry," Karen added.

"It's not that simple," Valerie said.

"I dunno," Karen said. "It seems pretty simple to me."

"Because you're a child," Valerie replied. "And I don't expect children to understand how complicated the world can be."

Now Karen was glaring. "Explain it me, then."

"Ms. Cooper's position here is tenuous," Ororo said. "Her position is unenviable. She has always been a friend to the X-Men, and has done her best to mitigate the damage the O*N*E occupation has done. Her superiors are aware of this."

"There's growing pressure to crack down on what is seen as the lawlessness of the X-Men and their students," Valerie said. "Every time you people ignore O*N*E protocols, my job gets more difficult, the refugees grow a little more resentful, and my superiors grow a little more unhappy. When the X-Men do it, it's bad. It shows the refugees a double standard. They can't leave the compound without an armed escort and subdermal tracking implants. The X-Men make a habit of leaving whenever they feel like it. But when the person ignoring the rules is the most wanted criminal on the planet, supposedly being held in cryo-stasis AND a telepathically induced coma because S.H.I.E.L.D. lacks the appropriate resources to contain the threat?"

There was a sinking feeling in the pit of her stomach. "... I'm not Divine," she said. It wasn't any more true now than it had been the first time she'd said it. 'Complicated' sucked.

"I know that," Valerie replied. "Everyone in this room knows that. You might find this a little hard to believe, but the law is a little fuzzy when it comes to dual-minded extra-dimensional aliens transferring their extra mind into and taking control of the bodies of wanted criminals."

Karen swallowed audibly.

"This is ridiculous," Cessily said. All eyes went to her, but she didn't back down. "She saved our lives, and you're treating her like she's done something wrong!"

"You're right," Emma said. "What Karen did wasn't technically wrong. Irresponsible, perhaps, but morally defensible. It's made an already unstable situation far, far worse, but she isn't the one I blame for this. You are."

Cessily reacted as if she'd been slapped. "Ms. Frost?"

Emma didn't back down. "You left the school without permission. You snuck out through the Morlock tunnel to avoid the guards who are supposed to protect you. From your report, several people were killed in the explosion and subsequent attack. Why? Because you wanted coffee." She shook her head. "You can't be children anymore. Not any of you."

"The stakes are too high," Valerie said. "As is, I'll be lucky to keep my job. I'm doing my best here to keep the worst of this away, from the X-Men and from the refugees both, but I can only push things so far."

Silence. The beating of Karen's heart - of every heart in the room - was loud in her own ears. "... What are we supposed to do?" she asked.

"Work with us," Valerie said. "Things are bad, but we can still keep this from turning into a nightmare."

It was all... complicated. She was starting to hate that word. 'I was thinking we might try violence.' Karen discarded the thought as soon as it occurred to her. Sure, she could destroy every single Sentinel. She could beat up the soldiers and dump them all into a big unconscious pile. Or she could kill them. Not that she would, but she had the ability. It wouldn't even be hard. The problem she was having, besides the 'I'm not willing to kill hundreds of people' problem, was the 'and then what?' problem. She destroys the Sentinels. She incapacitates the soldiers. Government response teams move in. She brings to bear all the violence that she's capable of - restrained as best she can - And then what?  she didn't have an answer for that. She knew one thing for sure: that wasn't what a hero did.

Truth. Justice. The American Way. It was the first time she'd ever really thought about those things without a touch of sarcasm or irony coloring her view. What did those things mean? What did any of it mean? What would Superman do?

 What would Buffy do?

She didn't know the answer. Or if she did, she couldn't admit it to herself.



* * *



Stark Tower. Kara Zor-L sat dead center on a plush leather couch across from its twin, a rectangular black coffee table between them. The floor here was hard wood. Behind her was a brick fireplace with a large picture of the original Avengers in action hanging from a nail. The room was a huge, wide-open space, multi-leveled, an all-purpose area for the members of the superhero team. Right now, Power Girl was seated across from a gorgeous brunette in a spider-themed outfit named Jessica Drew, with a gorgeous blonde in a skimpy black costume with a gold thunderbolt down the middle seated at her side named Carol Danvers.

"So," said Kara.

"So," said Jessica.

"So," said Carol.

It was a little awkward.

Kara shifted in her seat, and the move dislodged a lock of her increasingly unmanageable, increasingly shaggy hair. It fell down over her eyes, and she took a moment to brush it aside. "So where does an invulnerable girl get a haircut in this reality?" she asked, with just a touch of humor in her tone.

Carol gave a slight smile.

"How invulnerable are we talking?" Jessica asked.

"I had a friend enchant a pair of scissors to do the job back home," Kara replied, "But anything short of that just breaks. Unless you've got scissors made out of the same stuff as Wolverine's claws."

"You know, it's a shame, you don't actually find a lot in the way of adamantium styling tools," Jessica said.

"Darn," Kara said, and only barely managed not to laugh. "So you girls are Avengers, huh?"

The other women nodded. "As of yesterday," Carol said. "I'm Carol. We've met before, but I never had the chance to introduce myself."

"After the Stryker rally, right?"

"That was the second time," Carol said. "First time was when you fell into East River. Unless that was your tagalong?"

Kara made a face. "That was Karen.  Does everyone know I was sharing my head space for three months?"

"Tony briefed us all on your situation when he said you'd be joining as a reserve member," Carol replied. "I didn't think we did reserve members anymore."

"I'm Jessica," Jessica said. "Or Jess." A very slight smirk. "So you're our new flying brick?"

Kara raised an eyebrow. "... Flying brick?"

"Winner of the superpower lottery," Jessica said. "Like Sentry. Flight, super strength, nigh invulnerability, super speed, maybe a few more random powers with the word 'super' in front of them, the super-ability to squeeze that figure into that suit..."

Kara laughed, and even as she did, she heard the sound of footsteps outside the door. She looked up, looked through the door. Captain America was about to open the door. The door opened. Captain America walked in.

Carol noticed, and immediately rose to her feet. "Captain," she said.

He smiled. "Hello, Carol. I see you've met our new reserve member." He nodded to Kara. "Power Girl, right?"

Being reminded of the fact that she'd just joined these 'Avengers,' and by extension, of the reason she'd done so, erased Kara's good mood. "For the time being," she said.

He raised an eyebrow. "Well, it's nice to meet you. Call me Steve."

"I know who you are, Captain," she replied.

Steve sent a questioning look Carol's way, and she just shrugged. After a moment, Steve went on. "We're working to get you and your sister legal identities and provisional permanent resident status. This isn't the first time we've dealt with extra-terrestrials, or even natives of an alternate reality or timeline coming to live here. We'll get it sorted out." His tone was sure and confident, just a touch of sympathy, and even worse, it seemed like the sympathy was unfeigned. "Oh, I may need your help tomorrow. Sentry's wife is... well, she's not taking the news of what happened very well. I think it might do her some good to talk to you."

Kara ignored his request. "It would be easier to accept your sympathy if you hadn't made my joining your team a precondition for lobbying to have the charges against Divine dropped after Karen took over her body," she said, her tone cold.

Dead silence. A beat passed. Then two.

"What?" The question was low, quiet, and intense. The expression on Steve's face told Kara everything she needed to know: he hadn't known. Tony Stark had done that on his own.

"Ask your friend, Mr. Stark, about it," she said.

"Tony would never..." he trailed off. Would he really never? Once upon a time, Steve would have said 'no, not in a million years.' Now, though...

Carol and Jessica exchanged nervous looks. Then Captain America clenched his fist, unclenched it. "Ladies," he said, "If you'll excuse me, it looks like my friend and I need to have a talk." With that he turned smoothly and walked for the exit.

Carol let out a breath. "... Did Tony really...?" she began.

"Yeah," Kara replied, interrupting her.

Carol shook her head. "I wouldn't want to be in his shoes when Steve finds him."



* * *



It was late, now. A still had come over the night. No sounds of construction came from the refugee area. No night birds sang. Even the insects seemed to have fallen silent. A few people yet walked the halls of the Xavier Institute, but their footsteps seemed loud in the silence. Even stirring in your own bed seemed loud in the silence.

The Cuckoos couldn't sleep. They'd tried, but a group mind was a curious thing: one part feels something, the rest experience it, too, even if they'd rather not. Like Irma's irritating crush on that boy-turned-girl.

*Is this a good time to bring up the fact that every time in the past one of us has fallen in love, she's ended up DEAD not long afterwards?* Celeste asked, looking annoyed.

Irma sighed. *Not this again.*

It was an old argument now. One that they'd been having ever since the first stirrings of a crush had begun to grow. Each of them understood the argument. Each of them understood how Irma felt. Each of them understood how Celeste and Phoebe felt. None of that really captured it, though. Maybe it was closer to say that they all felt the way that Irma felt, and they all felt the way that Celeste and Phoebe felt.

*I've thought of a new argument for why you should stay away from her,* Celeste sent into their link. She was lying, of course, and the others knew it as well as she did.

*Liar,* Irma replied, though she hardly needed to.

A new emotion entered the link, felt by all three. Irritation. *If you two are going to keep me awake by fighting about something, can it at least be something not Karen-related?* Phoebe asked *This whole 'our life is defined by who Irma has a crush on' thing we've had going for the last month? Kind of sick of it.*

Both Irma and Celeste had the decency to feel bad about that one.

They tried going back to bed. Tried counting sheep. Tried counting Beasts. Tried counting the most boring thing they could think of (Professor Summers' system of mental organization). They tossed and turned. That lasted about an hour. No luck. Finally, despairing of getting to sleep, they all three got up, rubbed their eyes, and headed out into the hall, Irma in her white tank top and blue drawstring pajamas, Celeste in her long sleeved purple shirt and striped boxer shorts, Phoebe in her mountbatten-pink tank top and denim shorts.

They passed Julian in the hall. He grinned when he saw them. "Well, hellooo, ladies," he said.

"Drop dead, Hellion," Irma and Celeste replied in perfect unison.

Julian's grin didn't waver. "Come on. You can't sleep. I can't sleep. Why don't we..."

They turned and spoke as one, cutting him off mid-sentence. "These aren't the breasts you're looking for," they said, giving him a slight telepathic push.

His face relaxed out of his grin, his eyes losing focus. "These aren't the breasts I'm..." He blinked. Frowned. Glared. "Hey!"

They walked on without another word, none of them really sure where they were going, just... needing to go there.

'They think they know you.'

In time, they found their way outside and across the silent grounds to the graveyard, and then to the graves of their sisters, Esme and Sophie. The missing parts of their Five-in-One, now reduced to Three.

"Wait," Celeste said, looking down at the graves with a confused look on her face. "Irma, where - what are we doing here?"

Irma shivered. She didn't have an answer. None of them had an answer.

And elsewhere in the mansion, Emma Frost's dreams were filled with flames.



* * *



The next morning, as usual, Karen woke with the dawn. It didn't seem to matter when she went to sleep. Without fail, the sun came up, and up she woke. On the plus side, it meant she could sleep in longer during the winter, and hey, that was rapidly approaching. It was the October eighth today, and a Monday, for all that was worth. Noriko was still sleeping. Probably would be for another half hour. Karen took the opportunity to get her showering done and then made a go at making herself presentable and doing basic maintenance, and grinning just a little bit when she thought about her date with Irma tonight. She was in the middle of flossing - an awkward activity for a Kryptonian under a yellow sun, but one she always made an effort to do anyways - when Noriko staggered in through the bathroom's open door.

"...y'done?" Noriko mumbled, still not fully awake. She looked bleary-eyed, her hair mussed from sleep; still pretty without her makeup, but a 'normal person' sort of pretty.

"I'm done," Karen confirmed, evacuating the bathroom in short order, shutting the door behind her.

The sound of the shower began shortly afterwards.

Karen dressed herself for the day, not really paying attention to the outfit she was choosing, putting on her costume, then her normal clothes on top of that. Her wardrobe had grown as a result of her trip back home, and then the side trip that followed. The sleeveless blue shirt she put on came from that. The brown shorts didn't go well with the shirt, nor with the red and yellow design on it, but again with the not paying attention. Off she went, the memory of yesterday's scolding from the teachers already settling into her thoughts, and her mood began to go downhill, and the day only just begun.

By nine thirty, she'd retreated to the library to sulk. Or read. One or the other. Xavier's collection wasn't anywhere near as fun as Giles', but she found something eventually. Some old spell book. She'd been surprised to find it, actually. Hadn't expected to find a thing like that here. A name was written on the inside cover: 'Property of Illyana Rasputina.' Karen had never had any particular talent for magic, but a book of spells was familiar, and that was comforting. She'd been staring at the same page for nearly ten minutes when she realized that Emma Frost was in the room, and watching her. She started in surprise, took a moment, recovered her composure, and then found her mood quickly souring again. "Did you come to tell me more about how I'm being childish, and that I can't be an immature little brat anymore? Cause that was swell."

Emma smirked, but Karen thought it looked a little strained, like Emma hadn't gotten all the sleep she needed and was crankier than normal.

"But hey," Karen continued, "I'm sure it's no reason to be bitter. There are probably plenty of people who enjoy being told something like that after all they did was save the life of their friends."

"Are you finished?"

Karen thought about that, making a show of giving some consideration to the question. "I figure I've got another ten minutes of material," she decided, "But sure, let's call it finished."

"Good," Emma said. "There's an official visit to the school tomorrow. A head of state is coming, and part of his visit is a meeting with you. A head of state who does not suffer fools gladly."

Karen blinked. "A head of state wants to see me?" she asked, unable to hide her surprise. Not that she could if she tried. Stupid telepathy.

"King Namor of Atlantis."

Karen looked a little incredulous. Sounded it, too. "Bizarro Aquaman wants to meet with me?"

"I dislike repeating myself," Emma said.

"'cause a Ms. Frost who has to repeat herself is a Ms. Frost who rewires my brain to make me think about sex every time I look at linoleum, right?" There was perhaps more than just a touch of sarcasm in Karen's tone as she spoke, and when Emma looked her straight in the eye, so very not impressed, Karen tried not to be intimidated, tried very hard.

"Don't sass the woman who can rewrite your brain at will, child," Emma said.

Karen looked away, unable to hold Emma's gaze. Yeah. Intimidated. "... Right. What do I need to do?"

Emma gestured to Karen's mismatched outfit. "Given that becoming a woman clearly has not advanced your fashion sense beyond the most troglodytic of levels, I've taken the liberty of arranging some assistance. Miss van Dyne will be arriving shortly to assist you. I suggest you change into something less visually offensive before she arrives."

Karen frowned, looking down at her outfit. "What's wrong with what I'm..." she trailed off. She hadn't realized she'd been wearing a Superman shirt. That was weird. Actually, she hadn't realized there'd BEEN a Superman shirt in her closet. "Oh."

The image of Emma's form - a telepathic projection - vanished, and Karen was alone once more.



* * *



Ten o'clock in the morning, and Captain America was waiting. Power Girl still wasn't sure what to think of the man. She'd done her research. Karen seemed to be content to sort of absorb the differences between this world and her home as they came up, but she was mostly confined to the Xavier estate: Power Girl didn't really have that luxury. It still kind of bothered her that so many places she'd taken for granted just plain didn't even exist in this world. Not having a Coast City, Central City, or a Gotham she could wrap her brain around. It was weird, but she could deal with it. But not having Metropolis? New York City being the big east coast city that everyone knew about? Sure, she'd lived in New York. The JSA operated there. She'd even headquartered Starrware there. But... no City of Tomorrow? New Troy just plain didn't even exist? It was like learning that there wasn't a sun in the sky.

There was something else, though. Something she couldn't put her finger on. Something in the air. In the sunlight. In the water. She was on edge, and she didn't really know why, and that bothered her. Granted it wasn't anywhere near as bad as being a teenager again, but still.

There it was: Stark Tower, and the Sentry's Watchtower above it. That was where they were to meet. In the home of the missing hero.  and for the home of a hero, the place sure screamed 'supervillain lair.' Maybe it was just the man's mental instability at work. Either way, Captain America was waiting within.

So was the Sentry's wife.

"... any word?" Lindy Reynolds was asking even as Power Girl approached. She could see the woman through the walls. Hear her, too.

Captain America shook his head. "There's still no sign of him," he said. "Not at the Xavier estate. Not anywhere else. Lindy, if he doesn't come back from this..."

"He'll come back," Lindy said, and she sounded like she believed it. "He always does. Always. And look, we're still here. CLOC is still here. And..." she shivered. "I've kept the basement locked. I know the Void isn't still in there, but..." she trailed off, then tried again, "I know the Void isn't still in there, but I... I... I can hear things down there, sometimes."

"If he doesn't," Captain America began again.

"He will," Lindy insisted.

A new voice spoke. Mechanical. Power Girl didn't recognize it.. "Lindy, you have not been outside of this tower since the Sentry disappeared. This pattern of behavior is highly unhealthy. I asked the Captain to contact your family because..."

"Because he's Captain America?" Lindy asked. "I understand. But I'm still not going to leave. I believe in my husband. He'll be back. But I appreciate the gesture. From both of you."

Power Girl landed, and walked into the sanctuary of the Golden Guardian of Good.

It wasn't what she expected. It seemed so... normal. A kitchen that wouldn't have looked out of place in a suburban home. A cheap, dubiously wooden table from ikea. Three black chairs gathered round it. A living room made for two.

The Sentry's dog came to greet her as she arrived. Flew to greet her, actually, barking loudly, and the sight of a flying dog made her all the more homesick, even as she laughed, and scratched the little guy between the ears. A Welsh Corgi version of Krypto? Really? "What's your name, boy?" she asked.

The dog cocked its head to the side, but said nothing.

"Normie!" a woman's voice called. "Leave our guest alone."

Captain America and Lindy Reynolds came walking out of the kitchen, and without the layers of building separating her from the woman, Lindy looked tired. The dog - Normie - flew to Lindy and made a few mid-air laps around her before settling back onto the ground. The Captain looked, well, about like always. There was a confidence in his bearing that... Kara let out a puff of air, the act blowing a strand of hair out of her eyes. The star spangled man looked like a man with a plan. "Captain," she said.

"Power Girl," Captain America said. "Welcome to the Sentry's Watchtower."

"Is this...?" Lindy asked.

The Captain nodded "Power Girl, this is Lindy Reynolds. Lindy, this is Power Girl."

Despite the awkwardness she felt, Power Girl smiled, and put out a hand. Lindy shook it. It was obvious that it wasn't something Lindy was used to doing, but she seemed to appreciate the gesture, at least.

"Lindy has some questions for you if you're up for answering them, but first, I wanted to tell you that Tony was wrong." Captain America met Power Girl's gaze, and in his eyes she saw the image of a man who lived up to his convictions. "There's no condition attached to you working with the Avengers. We could really use your help, but it's not a precondition for anything: we're going to help you and your sister because it's the right thing to do, not because of anything we might get out of it."

Kara nodded thoughtfully, and truth be told, she couldn't help but be impressed.

He reminded her of Kal-El.

And then Lindy looked to Captain America, who nodded. Then she looked to Kara. "Please, Power Girl," she said, "I need to know: how did my husband die?"

Power Girl felt a lump form in her throat. And she told her.



* * *



OK. She was here. Hot MILF-lady was here. Karen wasn't going to make the same mistake she'd made in the other world when she'd met the woman. Wasn't going to humiliate herself again. This time, she was going to play it cool.

Janet van Dyne walked into the room, and she smiled pleasantly. "You must be Karen," she said, with just the right note of friendly warmth in her voice.

Karen looked up. Took in the sight of the woman. Her flawless exercise of fashion. Impeccable makeup choices expertly applied to enhance what she had (and what she had was a lot). Healthier than the alternate. Not so pale. And that same amazing It was the same woman, but even so... no, she was going to be cool. She wasn't going to humiliate herself. Not this time. She tried to think of something clever. Stared. Stared.

"Gah..." Karen said intelligently.

An awkward silence fell. Then Janet raised an eyebrow. "Well," she ventured, her tone vacillating between nonplused and flattered, "I'm glad to see I've still got it, even if it's not the boys I'm bringing to the yard."

Karen blushed. "... Sorry," she managed. Cool. Clever. Not humiliating. Nope. Not even a... OK, so she couldn't convince herself of that even in narration. Her sole consolation: 'At least this wasn't as bad as last time.'

Janet shook her head to indicate that she'd taken no offense. "Let's try that again. You must be Karen."

Karen kind of wished she could sink into the floor. "It's nice to meet you again, Ms. van Dyne."

Janet pressed her lips together at the 'again,' but didn't ask, for which Karen was greatly relieved. "All right. Let's see what we have to work with. I normally have people who do this for me, but in this case..." she shrugged. "OK. Take it off."

Karen blushed once more. "... What?" she asked, trying not to sound choked.

Janet rolled her eyes. "The turtleneck sweater you're wearing? So I can take your measurements?"

Oh. "... I knew that," Karen said unconvincingly. She stripped out of the sweater, revealing a black tank top underneath with the word 'GK' printed on it.

Janet gave Karen a look as if to ask, '... really?' Karen shrugged uncomfortably, as if to say, 'Really.' Then Janet moved in with the flexible measuring tape, first wrapping it under the armpits around the fullest part of her bust, then under the breasts and around the rib cage, then around the waist, followed by the hips. A glance to Karen's open closet and the presence of only one dress and no skirts was quickly followed by a check of the sleeve and the inseam. After each measurement, Janet tapped a set of numbers into a weird data pad she was carrying. While she knew that computer technology was better here than it was back home, but not as advanced as what they'd had in that other world.  but either way, it was hard to concentrate on a shiny computer tablet thingy with Janet van Dyne taking her measurements.

 Taking her measurements. Yeah, even thinking that still felt weird. Karen had never actually had tailored clothing when she was Xander, so her only experience with it was as a girl, and... yeah. Weird. Uncomfortable. Necessary evil.

"All right," Janet said. "Now let's have a look at your wardrobe. I doubt you'll have anything suitable, but we can hope, and it will give me an idea of the sort of clothing you prefer."

Karen nodded, doing her best to maintain her dignity. "Right. Clothes. Because, clothes." She gestured to the closet.

Janet went to work. Very little was said until she was done, and it didn't take long, with her pausing only to raise an eyebrow at the Power Girl t shirt and to comment on the dress.

"Well," she said, "Whoever made this dress definitely has impeccable taste."

Karen grinned. "If I ever see you again," she said, "I'll tell you that you said that."

Janet stared at Karen. "Care to explain?" she asked.

Karen's grin faded. "Er. Oh." A beat passed. "Alternate universe. Alternate scientist you. It was this whole thing."

"I see."

"She was..." Karen began, trying to think of everything she knew about the other version of Janet, everything she'd learned from their brief meeting. "You. With wings and stings and..."

"Karen," Janet said, "Don't."

Karen fell silent for a long moment. "You don't want to know?" she asked at last.

Janet pressed her lips together. "I have enough regrets of my own without adding the might-have-beens of another life," she said.

"Oh." Oh. Oh, hell. "Sorry," Karen said. "I guess I shouldn't have... I guess I'm not making the best impression."

Janet shook her head. "It's all right. You seem like a nice enough girl, Karen, and I'm not going to hold your meeting an alternate version of me against you." She gestured to the closet, then. "Nothing suitable, by the way. I'm not surprised. I think I can have a small selection ready before the Atlanteans get here tomorrow. How does that sound?"

Karen made a face. "... long as it isn't humiliating," she said.

"I don't design humiliating," Janet replied as she walked to the door, opened it. Then, in the hallway, she looked back and grinned. "I design fantastic." And with that she was on her way, leaving Karen with a pile of every piece of clothing she owned on her reinforced bed.



* * *



Around noon, Karen's stomach really started voicing its objection to her having skipped breakfast. She thought about ignoring it, but she gave up after about half an hour and made her way down to the cafeteria to forage for something to eat. One of the things she still wasn't used to about being in this body was how different foods tasted. Not different from Power Girl's body, though: different from Xander's. Some things tasted better. Some things tasted worse. She wouldn't have minded so much if it weren't for the twinkies. She gave the dessert a mournful look as she passed by the vending machine on the wall. They just didn't taste that good anymore. I mean, sure, they weren't bad. They weren't gross or anything. They just weren't special. A few male gazes followed her as she went.

With one last mournful glance at the twinkies in the vending machine, Karen loaded her tray up with food and then joined Julian, Cessily, Santo, and Noriko for lunch. The cafeteria was practically empty like always, and full of light. The place had been built for more than hundred, but there were only twenty four. She figured that for the others, it probably felt even emptier than it really was.

"This whole thing is bullshit," Julian was saying as Karen sat down. "Laura and Cessily got attacked in broad daylight. Why aren't the X-Men mobilizing to track down the people that did it?"

"Don't be stupid, Julian," Noriko said. "O*N*E already caught the woman who did it."

"Maybe," Julian replied, "But what about the people she was working for?"

"What makes you think they aren't?" Cessily asked. "I talked to Professor Summers and Professor Munroe this morning..."

"Are they really Professors?" Santo asked.

Cessily cut off in mid-sentence. Everyone looked Santo's way. Santo blushed. "I mean, do they all have doctorates or somethin'?" he asked. "I know Professor Xavier does, but the rest, I'm pretty sure..." he trailed off.

Cessily rolled her eyes. "Like I was saying, they told me that they were doing everything they could to find out who was responsible for the attack. They're working with the FBI."

"Not O*N*E?" Karen asked.

Cessily shook her head. "O*N*E isn't an investigaty-type, uh, thing."

"'Investigaty-type thing?" Noriko echoed, a touch of incredulity in her voice.

Cessily glared. "You know what I mean."

"Hey, anyone seen Laurie today?" Loa asked from across the cafeteria. A couple sets of eyes went her way, Karen's included.

It was Noriko who replied. "I think she went with Josh to New York," she called. "They left this morning with Miss Pryde."

"Oh," Loa said, approaching the table. " do we know why?"

Noriko shrugged. "Maybe someone was hurt? Maybe they're on a date? I don't know."

"Hmm. Thanks, Noriko."

"Any time."

Santo's rumbling voice broke in again. "Hey, why do we call Shadowcat 'Miss Pryde' and Cyclops 'Professor Summers' when they're both teachers, and neither one has a...?"

Cessily rolled her eyes and cut him off in mid-sentence. "Left field, Santo. This is you, coming out of it."

As Loa went back to what she'd been doing before, Karen frowned. "Speaking of people we haven't seen all day, where are the Cuckoos, anyways?" An awkward silence fell upon the table. "... What?"

"Seriously?" Julian asked. "You didn't hear?"

Karen felt like tiny alarm bells were going off inside her brain. "Didn't hear what?" she asked.

"Identical triplets gone wild? Flying Cuckoos? Emma locking them all up down in the lab?"

"Everyone's been talking about it," Cessily said. "With your enhanced hearing, we all kind of assumed..."

Karen stared, eyes wide. At that moment, a new voice called out from the entrance to the cafeteria: "Super senses don't count for much if you don't pay attention."

"Kara!" Julian and Cessily said in near-unison.

Power Girl approached with an amused look on her face, and sporting a new haircut. It wasn't appreciably shorter, but it'd been completely cleaned up: no more shagginess. It looked good. Several male gazes followed her as she walked to the table.

Karen looked up. "Hey," she said.

"Hey kids," Kara said. Karen and the others all made a face at that, but Kara kept right on going, "Just here to drop off a little something I picked up for Karen." She produced a pair of scissors. Karen had no idea where she'd been keeping it: her costume didn't have pockets. "Did you guys know there's a team called the Young Avengers?"

All eyes went to Santo, who blushed once more. "We heard," Julian said.

Kara offered, and Karen took the scissors. "Scissors? Wait, you got your hair cut. How did you...?"

"Magic scissors," Kara said, a touch of pride in her voice. "Courtesy of Wiccan."

Julian, Cessily and Noriko exchanged dubious looks.

"Magic... scissors," Karen echoed. "What do they do?"

"Cut hair," Kara deadpanned. "Anyway, Karen, do you have a minute? I'm helping the Avengers with a couple things, and I only have maybe ten minutes to spare, but I've been meaning to talk to you about something."

"You want to have a talk?" Karen asked dubiously. "I was kind of planning to go down and visit Irma. We had plans tonight, and..."

"This is important," Kara replied. "Can your visit wait?"

Karen thought about that, then nodded. "... Yeah, I guess it can."

Cessily blinked, then exchanged glances with Noriko. "Right. Guess we'll see you later, Karen."

Power Girl led Karen away. Half a minute later, they were in Karen's room, with the door shut behind them. "OK," Karen said. "What did you want to talk to me about?"

"Er," Power Girl began, "It's kind of about your body."

"What about my body?" A beat passed, and then Karen realized exactly what Kara was getting at. "... Oh." Cue the embarrassment.

"I don't know how much they taught you about..."

Karen blushed so deeply that even her ears seemed to turn red, and tried to cut PG off in mid-sentence. "I took sex-ed, okay?"

"... Kryptonian physiology," Power Girl went on.

Karen stared. She wanted to say that she really didn't need the sex-talk. She wanted to say that she wasn't planning to sleep with any guys anyways. What she actually said was, "Gah..."

Power Girl seemed to grow even more uncomfortable. "This is just as embarrassing for me as it is for you," she said. Karen raised an eyebrow, and Power Girl reconsidered her statement. "... This is almost as embarrassing for me as it is for you."

Karen thought about it for a moment, then nodded. "I'll buy that," she conceded.

"OK," Power Girl said, "So you know how you get, ah, excited, sometimes?"

"I took sex ed, Kara. I know this stuff. I know all about the human reproductive system." Karen looked down and grimaced. "Including some things that I'd sleep better at night if I didn't. I've been a teenager before. I know what I have to worry about."

Power Girl grew irritated. "You've been a male teenager. And human teenagers don't have to worry about accidentally triggering their heat vision if they get aroused!"

Karen stared. "... uh..."

"Just shut up and listen, OK?"

Karen nodded faintly. "Shutting up. Listening."

The next few minutes were perhaps the most uncomfortable that Karen had ever experienced. The basics were mostly the same, but some things... not things she wanted to think about.

"OK," Power Girl was saying, "So through some weird fluke of convergent evolution, humans and kryptonians are actually biologically pretty similar. You could technically classify us as mammals. We could technically classify humans as... well, I won't bore you with the details. Other issues aside, we're actually equipped to theoretically be able to have sex with humans. But we're not the same species. We're not even related. So under ordinary circumstances, you can't get pregnant unless you do it with a male Kryptonian. That probably won't be an issue, but sometimes the higher powers get a little frisky with their 'mystical pregnancy' nonsense." Her voice gained an angry edge when she mentioned mystical pregnancies. "If that happens, best way to deal with it is to rewrite history so it never happened."

Karen stared, eyes wide, utterly horrified by the thought of pregnancy and herself in the same sentence. Then something occurred to her. Something from Power Girl's past according to DC. Mystical... oh. "... wait, is this about Equinox?"

Power Girl looked confused. "Who?" she asked.

Karen kept right on staring.

"Right," Power Girl said. "So the next thing you need to remember is, when you're thinking about getting, um, physical, with a human? Don't."

Karen blinked. "Don't?" she asked.

"At least, not without a room full of lamps that mimic red sunlight. Even then..." PG looked uncomfortable. "Higher molecular density. We've got two hundred and twenty seven kilos packed into this frame." Karen still felt mortified, but she sucked at metric, and it must have showed in her expression, because Power Girl went on, "Five hundred pounds, Karen. You could bruise someone ridiculously easily if you aren't careful. Or worse."

Karen had never blushed as badly as she was blushing now, but she had a question. A very pressing question. Because... well, Irma. "Uh, not that I'm going to do anything, or have done anything, or... anything," she said, trying to get to her point, "But just out of curiousity, what if you're, uh, on the bottom?"

Power Girl smirked, as if amused by the idea, and Karen stared, wide-eyed. "Seriously," she said, "Even under the effects of red sunlight, you've still got proportionately stronger muscle tissue. Everywhere."

Karen nearly died of embarrassment. "... Can we have a different conversation now?" she asked.

"You don't need to be embarrassed of your own body, Karen. There's nothing shameful about it. I know it's not going to be easy for you, but... sure. We can have a different conversation now." A beat passed. "Oh," Kara said, "Last thing: stay away from diet soda."

Karen blinked. "Huh?"

"Not kidding," Kara said. "Our bodies do not react well to the stuff. It isn't pretty."

"... Thanks."

"So listen, I'm going to be working with the Avengers for a while, so I won't be around as much, but if you need my help for anything, call me, and I'll come."

"Thanks. I... it means a lot."

Kara drew her in and hugged her, then, and it felt strange, but good. Karen smiled, and hugged Karar back. "Thanks," she whispered. Then, in a normal tone, "You too, though. If you need my help - with anything - I'll come."

It wasn't until a minute after Kara had departed that Karen realized that a brand new government issued ID - a green card - was sitting on her bed. Surname: Zor-L. Given name: Karen. Planet of Birth: Krypton. Species: Kryptonian. A photo of Div... of herself. She wasn't sure when it had been taken, but what surprised her was the surname. Starr was what she'd been going by. Zor-L? She didn't know what to make of that, but it warmed her heart all the same. "Thanks, Kara," she whispered to the empty room.

A minute later, Karen realized that she'd forgotten to ask Kara her opinion of the O*N*E situation, and kicked herself for it.



* * *



Down in the lab, things were... worse than Karen had thought. Full containment protocols were in effect. Every entrance was sealed. The interior air supply had been engaged, no longer bringing in air from outside. The reinforced bulkheads had slid down into place. Every sensor in the lab was focused on three blonde teenaged girls still in their pajamas. Celeste was crying, Irma looked thoughtful. Phoebe looked angry.

"Oh, God. Irma, Phoebe, I can feel you again," Celeste said. "I thought..."

"Shut up, Celeste," Phoebe snapped. They'd been telepathically cut off from each other for most of the day. In the same room but unable to be the unified consciousness that they were. One of Emma's precautions. One which Emma had only just withdrawn.

*Phoebe, why are you-* Celeste frowned, and continued aloud, "You're pulling your mind away? But... Miss Frost stopped blocking us from each other! Phoebe, why?"

"Because I'm tired of your whining," Phoebe replied. Irma tried not to smirk, but couldn't quite manage it.

Celeste sniffed, and wiped at her tears, but couldn't quite stop. And then Irma was withdrawing from the telepathic link as well. "Not you, too, Irma," Celeste said, sounding completely lost. "Please, don't leave me alone. We're the Three-in-One! I'm not even really ME unless we're Three-in-One."

"Something's happening to us, Celeste," Phoebe said. "And you want us to pretend that everything's still the same? We were flying, and there was that... voice."

"She's right," Irma said, looking down at the floor. "I don't know if it's always been there, or if it's new, but I can feel it. There's something in us. Something dark. Something... wrong."

Phoebe nodded. "And we're going to find out what."



* * *



END CHAPTER 03

Author's notes:

Well, this turned out to be the hardest chapter I've ever written for this story. I had to abandon the idea of this as a part two of the previous chapter. Not because it didn't continue from where the other one left off, but because they weren't really about the same things. Mercury Falling may give you a good idea of where it takes place in the X-Men storyline, but that isn't the story of this chapter.





*Chapter 17*: DU: Flashpoint


			It was late afternoon in New York city, and the summer heat had broken. It had lingered longer than some might have liked, but summer's hold was fading at last, and autumn moving in to take its place. The days were bright and lovely and no longer so stifling. The evenings were growing cooler. Today, with the sun slowly westering towards the horizon it would reach in another few hours, Kara Zor-L was finally taking a moment to relax. It was perhaps an hour and a half after she'd given Karen 'The Talk,' and she still felt the occasional flash of residual embarrassment. Helping the Avengers to lend assistance to a broken down alien refugee ship that had wound up in low earth orbit had helped her take her mind off of it. There was a war going on out in the galaxy. Sounded pretty bad based on what she heard from the refugees. If this universe had a Green Lantern Corps, she hoped they were on the case. Either way, if it came to it, she would help however she could. But that was a matter for later.

Kara had brought a lawn chair out onto an isolated balcony on the upper floors of Stark Tower equipped with an unnecessarily high-tech barrier that shielded it from the normal effects of the wind at the upper levels of a skyscraper, and she was aiming to do some sunbathing. It would have been a simple indulgence for a human, but for her, bikini-clad and lying back in the lawn chair, it was a chance to relax, to draw in some extra power from her power's source, to revel in the feel of the light of a yellow sun upon her skin, and to finally get around to reading those comic books that Xander-Prime (her mental name for the Xander that hadn't become Karen) had given them back in Karen's home dimension. They were all in a stack next to the chair, mostly of trade paperbacks. She picked up the first - The Road to Flashpoint - and began to read.

Ten minutes later, Power Girl had finished reading the entirety of the Flashpoint event, including every single spin-off. "...OK," she muttered to herself as she closed the last issue, "So the Flash broke history, and after that..." She blinked. According to the note Xander-Prime had left, what came next was 'the New 52,' some of which he'd included in the collection. She glanced over the options. Huh, Mister Terrific. It felt really, really weird to be holding a book about one of her friends from the JSA. Not weirder than the fact that there was a trade paperback detailing the entire run of a recent 'Power Girl' comic, but weird. Still, the only way to find out what changes had come from the Flash's misadventure was to read on. She began to flip through 'Mister Terrific.' Mister Terrific fighting someone in armor, and that's weird, they're in London, flashback, actually Michael's son. Then Karen Starr showed up as Mister Terrific's, er, friend-with-benefits. That was weird, not least because she'd never thought of Michael that way. Then she saw the party scene. When she read the line, 'I don't want to start a turf war,' PG's eye began to twitch. When the her on the page uttered the words, 'I get it. It's because I'm a white girl, isn't it?' She was staring in horror. "What."

A pause. Power Girl's brain tried to process this. Failed. "What?"

Another pause. "What?!"

Tony Stark's electronically processed voice emerged from a speaker set below the security camera on the wall. "Everything all right?"

"I'm..."

"You're...?"

"I'm..." Kara stared at the page. "I'm a complete moron," she said hopelessly. Then she blinked, turning to look at the camera. "... Are you spying on me, Stark?" she asked.

"... No. No I am not."

OK. That was irritating. Tony Stark, douche-bag. Still, she had bigger worries. Without another word, Kara stood up, collected her things, and strode purposefully into the building.



* * *



Destination Unknown

by P.H. Wise

A Power Girl Crossover Fanfic

Chapter 4: Flashpoint

Disclaimer: The DC Universe and its associated characters is the property of DC comics. The Marvel Universe and its associated characters is the property of Marvel Entertainment LLC. Buffy the Vampire Slayer is Joss Whedon's chapter contains dialogue and situations taken from Phoenix Warsong. Marvel owns that, too.



* * *



"... I don't know what's happening, Dr. McCoy," Celeste said, trying not to let the fear she felt show in her voice, "It's like when Esme left. And Sophie died. But worse." She shuddered. "So much worse."

Celeste and her sisters had been separated. She was sure it was Emma's idea. Her sisters were still cutting themselves off from their link, holding themselves apart. "I feel..." Alone.

"No one's dying, Celeste," Dr. McCoy gently replied. Celeste was pretty sure that every diagnostic device in the lab was in use. Every scanner. Every tool. She didn't want to look into Dr. McCoy's thoughts. She didn't want to risk learning what he and the other X-Men thought was happening. Especially if...

"This is different," she insisted.

"Not according to my readings," Dr. McCoy said. "You're the same girl you were the first day you walked through these doors. No new psionic signatures or ectoplasmic energies or alien symbiotes or lightning-bolt forehead scars. Just your average, everyday secondary mutation."

Celeste tried to think of a way to put it into words. Some way to explain to Beast what was wrong, how wrong it all seemed, how distorted. "But I can... feel," she said. Not her best effort.

"That's normal," Beast said with a smile. "I know," he went on, his tone light, "Every thing is confusing. There's distance between you that wasn't there before. There's a technical term for that. It's called 'growing up.' I know how it feels..."

He kept talking, but she didn't hear it. Couldn't hear it over the sound of her own blood roaring through her veins. Celeste swallowed, took a breath to calm herself, and tried again, "You don't understand," she said. "At first I thought it was just Phoebe. But it's inside of me, too. I'm... wrong."

"I'm going to tell you a secret, Celeste," Beast said. "Almost everyone I know feels the same way."

He invited her to see the evidence in his thoughts, and she did. It didn't make her feel any better.



* * *



Irma Cuckoo's head was throbbing with the effort of keeping her newly discovered telekinetic abilities under control. Secondary mutations weren't a new phenomenon. They'd seen it plenty of times before. Usually it lead to things like a diamond body, or blue fur sprouting everywhere. This secondary mutation, though, or whatever it was, it felt... different. Wrong. The link between herself and her sister-selves was there, hanging in her thoughts like a silver thread, but she wouldn't touch it. Not now.

It was worse when they were joined.

Emma had separated them. Celeste was somewhere in the secure lower floors. Phoebe was outside on the school grounds. Irma was trying to make her way to her room to sleep the whole thing off. She was so distracted, she didn't notice that Karen was nearby before the boy-turned-girl called her name. "Irma!" She looked up in time to see Karen standing at the far end of the hallway, her expression somewhere between surprised and relieved. And then, in the space between blinks, there was a rush of wind, and Karen was there. Then she was in Karen's arms, and Irma leaned into her, only distantly aware of the pleasant way Karen's breasts pressed against her body when they hugged, and of the sense of warmth and of presence she always seemed to feel when Karen's body was close to hers.

"Sweet, merciful Zeus but I was worried," Karen murmured.

"Me too," Irma said. She wanted to tell Karen everything. As she stood there in the other girl's embrace, it occurred to her just how ridiculously kissable Karen's lips looked, just how damn sexy she was, the taller girl coming into an almost painful sort of focus in Irma's perceptions. "Karen..." she began, looking up into her clear blue eyes. She didn't finish the sentence. She wasn't sure if she started it or if Karen did: they kissed, and for a moment, the whole world seemed a thing of soft lips, the heat of Karen's body against hers felt even through layers of clothing, of carefully controlled Kryptonian strength.

Irma forgot all about her headache. Wisps of smoke seemed to curl around their feet.

They were being watched. Three boys had come out of a room and stopped short to stare at the sight of a lip-locked Irma and Karen.

The moment passed, and the world went back to normal, and Karen noticed the watchers. "Got nothing better to do, guys?" she asked.

"Nope," one of them called.

"We're good," said the second.

"Don't let us stop you," the third chimed in.

Irma rolled her eyes, regaining her focus. The wisps of smoke faded. "Come on," she said, taking Karen's hand. "Let's go somewhere more private. We have a lot to talk about."



* * *



When Kara Zor-L walked into the control room at the heart of Stark Tower (fully clothed this time - she'd changed in the bathroom), Tony Stark grimaced, and she noticed. Tony was standing by the main display, on which could be seen a dozen different situations around the world that might need Avenger intervention if they should continue the way they had been. Steve Rogers, also out of uniform, was seated at a nearby console studying one situation in particular. Kara glanced at the screen. HYDRA activity on the rise. New base suspected in Oklahoma, near Broxton. S.H.I.E.L.D. Agent James Madrox investigating.

"Come on, Power Girl," Tony began, "I'd have explained over the comm if you'd given me another five seconds: that balcony is an obvious security hole. I wasn't spying on you: the area is under constant surveillance by our computer system. It analyzed your voice, it identified your tone as 'distress,' and I got an automatic notification. I wasn't..."

Kara rolled her eyes. "Relax, Stark," she said. "I've got bigger things to worry about than peeping toms, innocent or otherwise." She looked Steve's way and held up the backpack that she carried. "Captain?" she asked.

"I'm listening," Steve replied.

"Good," Kara said. She emptied the contents of the backpack out onto a table a few yards back from the view screen. "Because we need to talk about comic books."

"Comic books?" Steve asked, slightly bewildered.

"Yeah," Kara replied. This was going to be awkward, but it wasn't the first time she'd had to explain something that had sounded insane at first blush. "This is going to sound crazy, but hear me out..."

Two minutes later, Tony and Steve were staring at her with unreadable expressions. "OK," Tony began, "So you're saying that the whole history of your world is recorded in a parallel world in, um, comic book form?"

Kara nodded. "Yes," she replied, steadfastly refusing to allow embarrassment any purchase. "I'm saying that."

Steve spoke next, "And that before you came back from there, Divine's counterpart - the girl whose consciousness was copied into your brain during a brief period in which you shared the same body, and remained there until you transferred it to the Divine from your homeworld's body in order to break Maxwell Lord's conditioning - gave you a backpack full of these comic books, which appear to chronicle your world after you disappeared from it?"

Kara didn't correct Steve on that. Karen was still a little sensitive about the whole 'I used to be a guy' thing, and after the whole 'I'm in Divine's body now' thing happened, the version of the story they'd told the Avengers... it was true as far as it went, but it left out a few details. Like the fact that Karen had been a boy named Alexander Lavelle Harris. Kara figured she more or less understood why. She took a breath. "Look, I know this sounds completely insane..."

Tony shrugged. "We ever tell you about the time the Fantastic Four met God, and he turned out to be a comic book writer named Kirby?"

Kara blinked. "...Seriously?"

"No," Tony replied, the corners of his mouth twitching upwards.

Kara tried not to let her exasperation show on her face. Passive-aggressive Tony was certainly better than 'actively being an asshole' Tony.

"Tony," Steve said, and Tony looked contrite.

"Sorry," Tony said. He seemed to consider something.

Steve looked at Kara. "I've seen a lot of very strange things in my time," he said. "If you say that these comic books somehow record the history of your world more or less accurately..." He paused.

Tony broke in. "I think what Steve is trying to ask is, would you be willing to submit to a telepathic scan so we can make sure you aren't just completely crazy? We've got a history of that in the Avengers, and I'm just about Wanda and Sentry'd out."

Steve gave Tony a warning look, but Tony didn't back down. "I'm serious," he said. "You want me to back off, Steve? That's my condition."

Kara's eyes narrowed slightly, her body language growing visibly more hostile. "Emma vouched for me," she said.

"And I'm one of the few people in the world who knows exactly what that's worth," Tony said, his tone dismissive. "I know better than the trust the White Queen. I'd trust Xavier to look inside your head and be truthful about what he found, but he's out in Shi'ar space." Tony was steadfastly not meeting Steve's gaze, but Kara saw the disappointed look on Captain America's face. He'd expected better of Tony Stark, and he'd been disappointed.

He didn't look like he was going to back down, and Kara's heart sank. "If I agree to this," she said, "I'm having it supervised. If not by Emma, then one of the students at Xavier's."

"Fine by me," Tony said.

"I guess you've got someone in mind?" Kara asked.

"You could say that," Tony replied, not quite smirking.

"In the meantime," Steve said, not giving Tony a chance to say anything more, "I've got news about the hammer: it's been claimed. Someone took it, and we know who." That got Tony's attention, and Steve paused for a moment before continuing. "Donald Blake."

The name meant nothing to Kara, but Tony looked visibly stunned. "... what?" he asked.

"I'm surprised that you missed it," Steve said. "He's been in Oklahoma, rebuilding."

"Rebuilding what?" Tony asked. A beat passed, and then he paled slightly as he realized exactly what Steve meant.

Kara glanced from Steve to Tony and back. "Who's Donald Blake?" she asked.

"Thor," Steve and Tony replied in unison.

Kara blinked. A god, huh? That was unexpected, but it didn't wow her the way their delivery of the name seemed to imply they expected it to. "When will he be here?" she asked.

"The god of Thunder," Tony tried again.

Kara met Tony's gaze, not feeling particularly impressed. "I've met gods before, Stark," she said.

Tony tried to hide his disappointment, but Steve just shook his head. "He's not coming here," Steve said. "We're going to him. We'll leave..."

"As soon as Ms. St. Croix confirms that Kara here isn't going the way of our last two powerhouses," Tony interrupted.

Steve met Tony's gaze. Silence hung between the two men for a long moment. Tension seemed to build. And then Tony looked away.

"Great," Kara said.



* * *



"OK," Karen said, "What's going on? Why were you and your sisters locked in the sickbay?" And Karen's thought rang out with the sudden realization, 'Oh my God, I just used sickbay in a sentence where I wasn't talking about Star Trek.'

Irma tried not to roll her eyes at the other girl's thoughts. It wasn't polite. "Do you know what a secondary mutation is?" she asked. Immediately, Karen's thoughts showed that she did not, but Irma waited for her to say so before she continued. "Mutants are born different, but usually our powers don't manifest until puberty. Sometimes it happens earlier. Sometimes it happens later."

Karen nodded, and her thoughts held some vague associations with shaving her (his) chest and legs (but not arms, for some reason), and her (his) voice beginning to crack. "Mutants get an extra special puberty surprise. Got it."

They were in Irma's room - the one she shared with her sisters. The bed hadn't been moved back up yet, and its absence was conspicuous, but the couch worked just as well. It was getting easier. At first, controlling the new powers had been like trying to roll a boulder uphill when the hill's been coated in glycerine. Now it was more like just plain rolling a boulder uphill.

"Right," Irma said, briefly shutting her eyes to concentrate. Her head continued to throb, but that was a distant thing now. "But the full potential of a mutant's genome isn't necessarily expressed immediately. DNA doesn't work on one-to-one correspondences, and it doesn't have simple on/off switches. Not even the X-Gene. Whether particular genes express themselves, and even how they're expressed, can be influenced by the environment, diet, stress, whatever. Secondary mutation is what we call it when some combination of environmental factors triggers a change in someone's mutant abilities."

"Did you get that from reading Doctor McCoy's mind?" Karen asked, her tone wry.

Irma smirked. "Some of us pay attention in class," she replied.

"That's not a no," Karen observed. When Irma didn't dignify that with a response, Karen went on. "So that's what's happening?" she asked. "You and your sisters are having a secondary mutation?"

"Unless you've got a better idea for why we're suddenly manifesting new powers. I know I was never telekinetic before, and I definitely couldn't fly."

"Hey, maybe there was just a really, really narrowly targeted shower of cosmic rays that hit your bedroom," Karen said. "I hear that works for getting superpowers."

Irma laughed, and when she did, she felt a sudden surge of heat and pain, a build-up of power which she ruthlessly suppressed. Her amusement faded. "... I wish. The thing is, whatever's going on, I'm pretty sure it's dangerous. I don't want you to get hurt, Karen."

Karen raised an eyebrow. "Kind of invincible, here."

"That's not what I'm worried about," Irma said, and focused her thoughts on the speech and language centers of Karen's brain.

When Karen next spoke, it was with a tone that was the most horrible imitation of Emma Frost that Irma could imagine, complete with the most atrocious British accent the world had ever seen: "What are you worried about?" she asked, and then blinked. "There's something wrong with my... oh. OK. Point taken. Can you stop now?" A brief pause, and then a thought crossed Karen's mind that made Irma shudder, and she immediately released Karen's brain from her telepathic influence. The stream of incomprehensible syllables that followed were delivered in a normal Karen-like tone. Disappointment rippled through Karen's thoughts. "Awww," she said. "I wanted to hear what bad-imitation-of-Emma sounded like reciting Klingon love poems!"

Irma tried very hard not to laugh. "No," she managed. "Just... no."

"Are you supposed to be smoking like that?"

Irma blinked. "What?" she asked. She looked down. Smoke was rising up from the carpet. A burn mark slowly spreading out from beneath her feet. "... No," she said. She shut her eyes, focused, tried to force it back down.

"Is there anything I can do to help?" Karen asked, her concern showing in both thought and expression.

Irma struggled visibly, trying to force the power back down, trying to hold off what was coming. But it wouldn't go back. Something was rising. Heat. Fire. Life. "No," Irma repeated. "No, no, no, no..." She opened her eyes. They were full of fire.

Karen's eyes widened.

The world dissolved in flames.



* * *



On the school grounds, Logan's combat training class was going along much as it always did. Which is to say, he was making life a living hell for his students, and they were all going to be better for it. But just because Noriko understood the value of the exercise didn't make it any less painful to be beaten upside the head by a bamboo staff in the hands of of a surly Wolverine.

"Focus, Noriko," he told her, his tone gruff.

She did. For a moment, Noriko was completely focused on the sparring session, nary a single stray thought to distract her from the exercise. She didn't think: she acted, existing utterly within the moment. She lost herself to the Zanshin, flowing from one effortless deflection to another, counter-attacking, never pressing beyond her ability but completely in control of it. ... And then one of the Cuckoos showed up in her pajamas. The blow she should have easily deflected hit her dead center on the forehead, and she fell on her butt, momentarily stunned. Logan had pulled the blow, but... wait, Cuckoo-clad pajamas? No, that wasn't it. Pajama-clad Cuckoo. Yeah.

"Afternoon, Phoebe," Logan said. "Five points off for coming to class late. Ten points down for showing up in your jammies."

Noriko wasn't sure how Logan could tell them apart. Maybe by smell? That was weird. She clambered back to her feet.

"What is this, Hogwarts?" Phoebe asked. She leaped into the air to avoid Logan's attack and stayed there, her eyes shining with a fiery light. 'Secondary mutation,' Noriko thought to herself.

Nori moved to join Laurie and the rest of the class on the sidelines as Logan and Phoebe sparred. A pair of Sentinels and a crowd of mutantville refugees had gathered to watch. Some of the younger refugee children were going to be participating in the classes, soon. Scott and Emma had decided. Toad was nowhere to be seen, and Nori was glad of that, at least. Bastard had deserved what he'd gotten from Karen, given what he and his friends had almost certainly intended...

"What's with Phoebe?" Laurie asked, and her voice brought Nori back into the moment. Noriko glanced at her friend and shrugged. "Showing off her new powers, I guess," she said.

Unseen by student, faculty, military, or refugee, the ground beneath the graves of Sophie and Esme Cuckoo began to shift.



* * *



In the lab, Celeste looked down at her shoes.

"You'll learn to fight it," Hank said. "To control it. Because here's another dirty little secret for you: this school isn't just about learning how to defend ourselves from others. It's about learning how to protect others from us. Emma knows. She'll help you."

Celeste sighed. It was rising now. Power. Fire. Life. She shut her eyes and focused, trying to force it back down. "How's she supposed to help me when she has the same problem?"

Hank frowned. "Child, are you all right?"

When Celeste opened her eyes, they were blazing with a fiery light. "No," she said. "I don't think I am." She grit her teeth. "Doctor McCoy. please... back away. I don't want to..." She shook her head. "No. NO! The link was back, and her sisters snapped into her mind with a suddenness that was like a bucket of icy water to the face. Phoebe's anger at Logan growing ever higher, riding the rising tide of... whatever it was. Irma's control slipping. "It isn't right!" she said aloud. "WAIT!"

Hank backed away, his eyes wide.

Fire blossomed around her.



* * *



Karen stared. Her adrenaline spiked, and with it came the strange slowing of time that seemed to be tied to the Kryptonian stress response: her mind shifted gears, and she watched the flames rippling towards her. Watched the fire flowing across the ceiling like water. She could actually see the floor, the wall, the furniture blackening as it burst into flame. The heat rolled over her in a wave, and it HURT, and it had NEVER hurt. Even when Sentry had thrown her into the sun, it hadn't hurt; the sun's embrace had drawn her into a state of near ecstasy. But this, this was different. This brought pain. Smoke was rising from her body in advance of the wall of fire. Even as she watched, the exposed skin of her arms reddened as though from sunburn.

She was going to die. Merciful Zeus, she was going to die.  Wait, when had the Sentry thrown her into the...? 'Now is not the time, Karen,' she told herself, interrupting her own thoughts. The fire rippled ever closer. Irma's scream hung in the air, her eyes wide.

And then, at the last possible moment, a thought occurred to her: 'I have freeze breath.'

Though it hurt to do so, and she'd never used the power before, Karen breathed in sharply, drawing painfully hot air into her lungs. And then she fell backwards, getting as low as possible even as she sent out a gale force sub-arctic temperature stream of air into the roiling flames. She didn't know if being low would help, but she knew that heat rises.

When her arctic breath met the wall of flame, the room seemed to toll like a bell. A peal like thunder erupted from the place where cosmic flame met Kryptonian breath, except it didn't stop. It built upon itself, growing ever larger as a the roiling mass of air and fire collapsed into a blast of wind that blew out the walls of the room.

Water sprayed everywhere. The pipes had ruptured. Something painfully hot passed over her, and water flashed to steam. Then it was gone, and the water was pouring down onto her again. Karen opened her eyes, got up, and rushed to the open space that used to be the exterior wall in time to see Irma, Phoebe and Celeste flying in the air, shrouded in a brilliant raptor made of fire. On the ground, a body was burning. Sentinels were moving to intercept the girls. One of them gestured, and a blast of flame took the machine, splashing across its chest and sending it to the ground, sections of metal visibly melted by the heat of the blast.

People were screaming. Karen had to act.

She was on the grounds between one heartbeat and the next. "Irma, Phoebe, Celeste, STOP!" she shouted, her voice booming above the din.

Chaos erupted on the grounds of the Xavier Institute. "THE PHOENIX!" someone screamed. "THE PHOENIX IS RISEN! IT IS THE SIGN! MERCATOR SPOKE TRUE!"

"STAND DOWN, MUTANTS," a voice boomed, "STAND DOWN OR BE FIRED UPON!"

Irma met Karen's gaze.

"Irma, stop this!" Karen shouted once more. The reply came in Karen's thoughts. Irma's mental voice, two minds touching, a feather-light sense of Irma's presence. 'I'msorry.'

The firebird rose, bearing the girls within it. The Sentinels opened fire, but their shots did little but provoke further blasts of flame: another Sentinel fell, and then another. Then the firebird shot off towards the horizon, leaving naught but a sonic boom in its wake.

Professor Summers was shouting. "Logan, you stay put and heal. Emma, get Hank to lock down the mansion and tell Peter and Kitty to meet us at the jet!" The burning body was Logan. He had looked better, but he was alive.

"Done," Emma replied.

"Karen, stay here!" Summers yelled as he and Emma raced into the mansion.

Like hell.

Karen rose into the air and rocketed off after the Cuckoos, and a second sonic boom rattled the windows of Salem Center.



* * *



Back in New York, Kara Zor-L had only just returned to her apartment when the sound-wave hit. She was back in civilian clothes, just starting to rummage through the fridge for something to eat for dinner. The apartment had been a surprise: it was in the same building as her apartment in her home universe. Hell, it was on the same FLOOR.

The windows rattled. It would have been imperceptible to a normal human, but she heard it. Heard the sounds transmitted through it, faint but distinct: the sound of Karen's voice. "Irma, Phoebe, Celeste, STOP!" She did a quick calculation in her head of the distance between her apartment and the Xavier Institute. "STAND DOWN, MUTANTS!" this voice was mechanically amplified and electronically processed. "STAND DOWN OR BE FIRED UPON!" There were others. Voices that meant nothing to her, screaming things she had no context for. The distance from the Xavier Institute and the speed of sound. This happened less than three minutes ago.

By the time the fridge door swung shut, she was already gone.



* * *



When Kara arrived at the Xavier Institute for Higher Learning, she arrived as Power Girl. Despite her hurry, she had the foresight to use her communicator to announce her arrival in advance: she wasn't challenged when she arrived, and that was good. The place looked more like a bee-hive that had been kicked than like a school. It was chaos. Sentinels and helicopters buzzing in the sky. Children wailing in the refugee camp. Security guards rushing about every which way. Major military equipment on the move. There was a hole in the school again, and by that, Power Girl figured that it was probably Tuesday. A charred, blackened, waterlogged hole where the Cuckoos' room used to be was a bit more concerning than just a generic hole, however, and she made a beeline for it.

"You assured us that you had the situation in hand!" a man's voice said angrily. It sounded like it was coming out of a speaker. Kara glanced about. Below her, in a private office, Valerie Cooper was being chewed out by her boss via video-call.

"Sir, there was no way I could have anticipated a group of students becoming possessed by the Phoenix!"

Phoenix?

"Phoenix or no, Divine left the school on your watch, again. I don't think I can shield you from the consequences this time."

OK. So Karen left. That was bad. Power Girl was moving, now, searching for someone who could give her more information. Preferably one of the teachers, but if not them, then...

The sound of a door opening. Power Girl let her vision slip beyond the normal visible spectrum. A group of students was checking the rooms to make sure that nobody had been left behind. The upper floor was otherwise evacuated. One of those students was right about to come out into the hallway.

"Noriko!" she called.

Noriko stepped out of the room she'd been checking and glanced Power Girl's way. "Karen!" A beat, "... Kara, I mean. What are you doing here?"

"I heard what happened."

Noriko raised an eyebrow. "From New York? Six minutes ago?"

Power Girl nodded. "I'd have been here quicker except for the whole speed of sound thing. I need to speak to one of the teachers. Are they around?"

"Logan and Doctor McCoy are in the underground levels. We're getting everyone to the shelters, Kara. The school's on lockdown."

"Thanks, Nori."

Noriko nodded. "You're..." Power Girl was gone. "... Welcome."

PG was down the hall and then the stairs in the space between heartbeats. She did a quick scan of the building with her x-ray vision and spotted Beast and Logan coming up from the lower levels on the far side of the campus. She rushed out the door and crossing the intervening space in a matter of seconds, arriving at the exit they were due to emerge from just in time to be blindsided by a rotted fist to the face. She was more startled than anything else, but surprise soon mingled with that primal revulsion of rotting things when she saw the thing that had struck her: the dead, rotting, but still ambulatory body of a teenaged girl. Worse, one that, despite its condition, bore no small resemblance to the Cuckoos. Even as she stared, a second body emerged from below, this one missing a forearm.

Power Girl stared. "... Zombie Cuckoos?" she asked, her tone wavering between incredulous and horrified.

The one that had struck her smirked. "Look, Sophie," she said. It's the host body that spawned the degenerate little parasite our sister is dating."

That brought her out of her state of shock. "Hey!"

The second zombie-Cuckoo laughed, and the sound of it made the bile rise up in the back of Power Girl's throat. She REALLY hated zombies. Particularly since the last one she'd faced had been her own cousin with a Black Lantern ring. "Oh no!" the Sophie-zombie said, "The girl with the psychic vulnerability the size of a small moon is here to stop us. Whatever shall we do?"

"Right now you're thinking about whether or not you can take us both down before we shut off your brain," the first girl said. "A surprisingly intelligent brain. Impressive. You're smarter than you look, blondie. With an outfit like that, I'd figured you'd be more boobs than brains."

Spider-webs seemed to settle over her limbs. A tiny flash of anger kindled in her mind, and with it, the spider-webs seemed to strengthen until they were made of adamant. A sense of outrage and helplessness washed over her. Power Girl couldn't move. She couldn't... she wouldn't lose to these monsters! She grit her teeth as she struggled against their control.

"Strong willed, too," Sophie said. "If we needed to maintain this for more than a few seconds, it might actually be a problem."

"Power Girl!"

The telepathically induced trance burst like a soap bubble. Power Girl came back to herself suddenly, and there was a moment of disorientation. The girls were gone. Hank McCoy was waving a hand in front of her face. She shook her head. "... I really hate it when that happens," she muttered sourly.

"Tell me about it," came a second voice. Logan, a few feet behind Hank, wearing his full Wolverine costume, a rotted, severed forearm stuck to his claws. "You here for Karen?"

Power Girl nodded.

"She took off after the Cuckoos. Scott and Emma are out there in the first jet. We're going to be following in the second jet. You comin' with?"

"Looks like," Power Girl said.

"Sounds goods." Logan looked to Beast, then gestured down at the severed forearm, and the gleaming metallic bone that could be seen through the torn, rotted flesh. "Let's go. Pack your microscope."



* * *



The Cuckoos had come home. It was called 'The World.' They had arrived, made their way down past the defenses, past the relics of previous projects, here, to a vast underground chamber filled with their clone-sisters, floating naked in glass tubes filled with green fluid.

"Welcome home," said a male voice. "We've all been waiting for you."

A video screen followed them, attached to a long metal stalk, projecting the image of a man in a lab coat.

"Home...?" Phoebe asked.

The man on the screen smiled indulgently. "Yes, Phoebe. Back at Weapons Plus. Back in the World."

Phoebe frowned. "Wait a minute. This isn't right..."

"Of course it is, Phoebe. I sent you Cuckoos away, nested you with the X-Men. I needed you to develop your talents, but now, well, look around you. This is where you belong."

Celeste didn't seem particularly impressed. "Naked in a test tube? I don't think so."

"Now, Celeste..."

"Who is this guy, anyways?" Celeste asked, cutting the man off.

The man smiled once more. "I'm..."



* * *



"Doctor John Sublime," Hank said, "Creator of the Weapon Plus project."

"Weapon plus?" Power Girl asked.

"A secret project variously supported at one time or another by the American, British, and German governments," Hank said. "An attempt to create a solution to what the world leaders saw as 'the Mutant problem.' To allow homo sapien to remain relevant in the age of Homo Superior's ascendence."

Power Girl frowned. "I suppose it grew more and more extreme as time passed, each iteration of the project more hostile towards metahumans than the last?"

"Not towards powered individuals in general," Hank corrected, "Just towards mutants."

Power Girl looked confused for a split second. "Oh. Sorry, metahuman is my world's word for mutant."

Hank and Logan exchanged glances, then shrugged.

"What does this have to do with the Phoenix?"

"We don't know," Logan said. "The Phoenix is a wild card. We don't know why it's involved."

"Indeed," Hank said, "But with or without the Phoenix, if the girls really are the product of the Weapon Plus program, there's no telling just how..."



* * *



"...dangerous they might be," Scott said.

"I know," Emma replied.

"Scott," Colossus said, "We have a visual." The Blackbird was making a low pass over a region near the southern coast of England, where a vast geodesic dome, visibly damaged and half buried in the earth, rose just above the tree-line.

"That's the World all right," Scott said, looking out the window. "Where John Sublime made his mutant-killing super-soldiers. And I'm betting he's left behind a dozen killer car-cops for us beneath that smoke. Hold us here, Peter. It's time to figure out if we're here to rescue these girls... or destroy them. Kitty, any wireless traffic?"

"Lots of noise," Kitty Pryde replied from her console behind the others. "Only clear signal is an encrypted S.H.I.E.L.D. beacon. Looks like they have an agent on the ground."

"Any sign of Karen?" Scott asked.

Kitty shook her head. "Not yet."



* * *



"Hush, Celeste," Phoebe said.

"But this is creepy, Phoebe! He put them in bottles, and..."

Phoebe frowned, looking out at the vast superstructure of cables and the tubes filled with Cuckoos that dotted the landscape. "If these are our sisters, Dr. Sublime, why can't we hear them? We're telepathic. They should be, too."

"You just don't know the language yet," Sublime said. "Listen harder. Mindee understands."

Irma was staring into one of the glass tubes. "... Irma," she corrected the doctor absently.

"What?"

"My name is Irma, not Mindee."

"... but you understand, right?"

Irma frowned. "I think so. I'm... starting to."

"It's a sound you've heard all your lives," Sublime said. "It's in your bones. Energy transformed into information. Your sisters were made to collect it. And now it's time for you to use it."

Something shifted, then. Three pods rose up from within the superstructure, each sized to fit one of them. Irma stared. She could feel her pulse in her temples. She reached out towards it.

"Wait," Phoebe said, "Don't touch it."

Irma stared at the pod. "... What if Sublime's right?" she asked. "What if this is what we're meant for?"

"We might have been, before," Phoebe said. "But now we're meant for something else." She opened her hand, allowing a tongue of flame to manifest in the air above it. "When the Fire came for us, it scared the X-Men. That's why they're coming to stop us even though they don't really understand why we're here. It scares Celeste. I can feel her right now, trying to snuff it out."

"I'm not doing anything!" Celeste snapped.

"She thinks it's the Phoenix, here to destroy everything. But it feels so right to me, and all of this, here, feels wrong." She clenched her fist around the flame, snuffing it out.

"Phoebe," Irma said, "How do we know we should trust the Phoenix? It doesn't have the best track record. What if it's wrong? What if it's just... trying to confuse uAAAAAAGH!" her words turned into a surprised scream as metal cables snaked out from the pod, looped themselves around her body, and then snapped her backwards into the pod with a loud thud.

Celeste let out a scream, turned, and ran.

"Irma!" Phoebe cried, reaching for her sister.

Irma sank into the nest of cables, a few tiny ones burrowing into her flesh, the rest just coiling around her. "I'm... I'm part of it now," she said in a dazed tone. "And it's so  clear. Listen:" Her eyes rolled back in her head. "I can... hear it..."

Phoebe embraced the fire, and it billowed out from her like a cloak. "NO."

A vast bulk rose from the superstructure. A monstrous creation of metal cables and moving parts, with the video screen attached to the end of one of them. The video screen shifted to the center of the creature's mass as cables wrapped around Phoebe, seemingly heedless of the fire. "I'm sorry, my dear," Sublime said, "But I'm afraid I'm going to have to insist."

"I... hear... them..." Irma muttered.

At that moment, the wall of the chamber exploded, and Karen burst through, pulling a wave of debris into her wake as she went. Several tubes shattered as she passed. "I got a feeling this is one of those things best heard from a distance," she said as she yanked Irma out of the pod, assisted by a few quick blasts of heat vision. Irma saw the consideration in her thoughts, the split second weighing of staying to retrieve Phoebe as well against just rescuing Irma. The decision was made: get Irma out first, then go back for Phoebe. "Yoinks and away!" Karen called out as she made for the exit at top speed.

Irma shuddered. She was herself again, but when she'd been joined to the others, it had felt...

A chorus of telepathic voices, each one identical, rang out in the chamber. "Karen," they said. "You're Karen. But you're also Xander. And Divine. How strange."

Karen was slowing, now. Struggling to maintain speed but unable to do so. "... Hold on," she murmured. "I'm..." she grit her teeth. "I'm getting you out of here."

Irma stared at her girlfriend, and in that moment, she felt a powerful upwelling of affection for the other girl, warming her heart and her cheeks. "Karen..." she said.

The telepathic voices spoke again, this time with a note of cruel glee. "We heard a joke, once," they said. "So a girl with negligible telepathic resistance flew into a room with a thousand telepaths."

Karen struggled, flailed, and then fell from the sky at the edge of the room, barely managing to twist herself so that Irma landed on her and not the other way around. Irma scrambled off of Karen, rising to her feet. "OK," Karen conceded, "... So... maybe I didn't think this one through..."

"No," the chorus replied. "You really didn't."

Karen stiffened, spasmed briefly, and was still, staring blankly, chest rising and falling, and completely catatonic.

Irma glared into the room. "Stop! Let her go! She has nothing to do with this!"

Phoebe's fires had been snuffed out: she'd been rendered unconscious before she could do more than melt a few cables. Even now, she was being drawn into the pod reserved for her. "She's a nuisance," the telepathic chorus said. "Better to wipe her mind now than risk she might interfere later."

Horror welled up in Irma's heart at the thought of it. "NO!" she cried, pushing against the telepathic influence of her thousand sisters, an ant trying to stop a Tsunami.

"Come back to us, and we'll reconsider. We're only doing this because we love you. We need you, Irma. You're part of us. All the rest? It's just a distraction. It's all so unnecessary."

Irma grit her teeth as she focused more and more of her mental reserves into the struggle. "I wont... let you..." she hissed.

"You don't love her. You can't. It's all right, Irma. We understand. We're the only ones who can. And you know you can't stop us either way. Why are you bothering to fight us?"

Irma visibly struggled. Her eyes were glowing blue, now. The fire burned within her mind, all but singing to her with a strange siren song, calling for her to embrace it. She was losing. The Fire wanted her. Her sisters wanted her. Tears began to flow down her cheeks, only to boil completely into gas in a matter of seconds. Smoke was rising from her body, now as she staggered forward, towards the pod.

"You can't win," her sisters said. "Can't save her. Can't stop us. Give in, Irma. Come back to us. We'll let her live if you come back."

Irma embraced the Phoenix. Flames roared out from her body into a huge, blazing firebird. Her clothes were consumed in an instant, and then replaced by something new: skin tight, red and gold, and a great golden firebird on her chest. Her eyes glowed with a fiery light, and she snapped her sisters' telepathic assault like it was a twig. When she spoke, her voice was different, filled with power and with confidence. "Don't tell me what I can't do."

Karen groaned and sat up, rubbing her head. "... Anyone get the number on that bus?" she asked.

"Karen," Irma said. "I'm holding their telepathic assault at bay, but if I go I'm afraid I might burn her up. I need you to get Phoebe."

Karen blinked, and then she was on her feet and fully aware. "Phoebe, right." She looked towards the pod, and the vast creation that had risen to defend it.

"Irma," Sublime said through the video screen on his mechanical creation, "She's lying to you. The Phoenix is lying. Don't do this. Don't do this to your family."

"Phoebe and Celeste are the only family I have," Irma said coldly. "Karen, do it."

Karen cracked her knuckles and grinned.



* * *



The second Blackbird had arrived. Power Girl cracked her knuckles and rose to her feet. She could feel her heart rate increasing. Her own species' equivalent to adrenaline building inside her system. Below, a massive geodesic sphere rose above the treeline.

"Scott," Hank said into the radio, "This is Hank. We lost the zombie Cuckoos, but we've just arrived in the second Blackbird. We're coming in just below your jet. We're..."

Hank cut off as a massive fire tornado erupted through the ceiling of the dome, singing the first Blackbird as it billowed upwards into the sky.

"... Oh dear," Hank said, his eyes wide.

Power Girl followed the other two to the exterior hatch. "Ready when you are," she said.

Hank nodded. He opened the hatch. "The jet's on autopilot," he said. "It'll get us over the hole in the dome. Power Girl, if you wouldn't mind getting us down intact?" He paused. "You know, this is looking pretty bad..."

"Worse than you think, Hank," Logan replied.

The zombie Cuckoos attacked. "Hello, professors!" Sophie called as she pulled Hank out of the aircraft and sent him falling towards the dome below.

"So glad you could join us!" Esme added, striking Logan across the face to distract him as she yanked him out in turn with her other hand.

Hank and Logan were falling, zombie Cuckoos clinging to them, clawing at them, shrieking awful, inhuman shrieks.

Power Girl was there. "I," she said, seizing hold of both Esme and Sophie from behind, "Have had enough..." She felt their telepathic influence growing. She had to move quickly or they'd shut her down again. Her mind shifted gears. The world slowed down. Here, now, she had all the time in the world. With a heave, she threw them both into the tornado of fire. "Of ZOMBIES!" she finished.

Their bodies crackled like leaves, and were consumed.

"Not to be rude," Beast called, a distinct note of panic in his voice.

Power Girl blinked, and then flew down to catch the falling X-Men. "Sorry," she said. "I kind of have this thing about the undead." She descended into the dome, holding Hank with one hand, Logan with the other. "At least they didn't have Black Lantern rings this time," she muttered.

The World was in ruins. Fire blazed around them. Vast pieces of machinery had toppled, scattering parts every which way. Power Girl could see the X-Men, now, gathered in front of one of the Cuckoos - Power Girl couldn't tell which one, but she was surrounding by a fiery aura.

"Kara," Logan said, "Toss me."

Power Girl blinked, looked at Hank, who shrugged, and then threw Logan down at the group.

In mid-flight, his claws popped out. He angled himself towards the girl, and... Kara's eyes widened as adamantium claws carved through Celeste's skull from back to front. A sick horror rose up within her. "What... the... HELL?" she asked, waiting for and dreading the moment when the girl would fall.

But the girl didn't. Fire erupted from her wounds, sealing them, healing them without blemish or scar, and she turned to look at Logan with an amused smile. "Funny little man," she said.

"Oh hell," Logan said.

There was an explosion of fire, and something blindingly hot shot upwards past Kara. She looked up just in time to see Phoebe, shrouded in a raptor of flame, clad in white and gold with a golden flamebird on her chest, ascending into the skies. "I AM LIFE," the girl whispered, but it seemed to fill the air like a thunderbolt all the same. "I AM FIRE. I BURN AWAY WHAT DOESN'T WORK. MY NAME IS PHOENIX."



* * *



A great mass of cables swung towards Karen, and she accelerated towards them, momentarily breaking the sound barrier within the vast chamber that held the girl-filled tubes: the creature's limb gave way long before Karen did, and she plowed through from one end to the other, sending shredded wire and cable and interior mechanisms flying in every direction.

"Karen!" Irma called. "You can play with the mechanical monster later! Get Phoebe!"

Another mass of cables rose to block the path to Phoebe, and Karen let loose with a quick blast of heat vision to reduce them to ashes. "I'm working on it!" she yelled, zooming down towards the pods. More animated cables were rising up to challenge her, but she was already at her destination: she cut her forward momentum, coming to a complete stop at Phoebe's pod with a suddenness that would have killed a normal human. Another blast of heat vision severed the cables holding Phoebe in place: she collected the girl into her arms. "Which way?" she asked.

"Over here," Irma called, zooming towards the exit.

"I see," said the voice of John Sublime. "Interesting. Did you know that Phoebe's memories include a very interesting incident? I doubt she meant to overhear it, but it can be so difficult not to when you're a telepath."

Karen's eyes narrowed. "What are you talking about?" she asked.

Phoebe was stirring now. "Ugh..." she moaned, clutching at her head.

A reproduction of Kara Zor-L's voice rang out in the vast chamber: "I know it doesn't need to be said just how much I'm trusting you by giving you this knowledge, but I'm saying it anyways. If Karen and I are going to be working with the X-Men even short term, you need something that you can use against us if we end up compromised. What happened with Divine can't ever happen again."

Karen paled. "Oh, crap."

Sublime laughed. "Yes, that." The sound of a hundred ports opening, shifting, clicking. And then the chamber flooded with artificial red sunlight.

Karen poured on the speed even as she felt her powers ebbing, fading, sapped away by the influence of the red sunlight. She was almost to Irma. She was almost...

She fell from the sky for the second time in five minutes, and this time, when she hit the ground, it hurt. Once again, she managed to twist to let her passenger land on top of her. "RAO but that hurts!" A pause. "... Oh God, I just swore by Rao. Somebody shoot me."

"I'm working on that," Sublime said. "Give me a few moments, and I'll see what I can arrange."

"Karen!" Irma cried, the firebird fading as she descended. "Are you alright?"

Karen's whole body felt sluggish. Like she was moving through syrup. God, had this been normal back when she'd been the prisoner of the Fantastic Four? "I've... been better..."

Phoebe was on her feet now. "I'm... I'm me again," she said. She clenched her fist and glared at Sublime's device. "That... that was unforgivable."

Karen struggled to her feet. "... Run... now, revenge... later..." she ground out.

"No," Phoebe said, letting the fire ripple around her. "I don't understand. Irma, you could burn it all. I could burn it all. Why should we run?" She paused. "You don't trust it, do you?"

Irma looked away. "... I'm afraid. When I lost control earlier, I almost killed Karen. I don't want to take the risk of what might happen if I lost control again."

"Listen," Karen said, "I'm a liability right now. My powers don't work in red sunlight. I need the sun to recharge. We need to leave."

"She's right, Phoebe," Irma said. "Please, come with us. We have to go."

Phoebe turned towards the creation which still bore the video image of Doctor Sublime. "Then go," she intoned, the fire around her forming into a flame raptor as she lifted off the ground. Her clothing was consumed, and replaced a moment later by a skintight costume all in green and gold, with a golden firebird emblem upon her chest. "I have work to do. Phoenix work."

Irma felt the final thread slide into place. Each had embraced the shard of the Phoenix that dwelled within them, and now there was a kind of resonance building in their link. Feedback of a sort. Something was building. She grit her teeth. "You'll kill them!" she said. "All of them! You can't do that! It isn't their fault they were made into this!"

"You don't get it, do you?" Phoebe asked. "This is right. This is Phoenix. We are life. We are fire. We burn away what doesn't work."

"We're NOT!"

"You can't just kill them all," Karen said.

"I thought you were running away?" Phoebe asked.

"Guess not," Karen replied, lifting her hand up, clenching and unclenching her fist, getting used to her depowered state.

Phoebe's eyes seemed molten now, the firebird blazing around her so hot and so bright that Karen could no longer look at her. "Give me one good reason why I shouldn't," she said.

"It's wrong," Karen replied, and Irma nodded her agreement.

"And... time," Sublime announced cheerfully. At that moment, six enormous brain-things inside bulbous, spiked, weapon-covered bodies - car-cops - burst through the hole in the wall that Karen had made. Irma's eyes widened, and she sent a wave of fire into them, reducing three of them to ashes in an instant. Phoebe joined her a moment later, destroying two more.

The last opened fire on Karen before they could stop it. The rotary cannon mounted on the thing fired in what felt like slow motion, bullets passing through the air, striking her flesh, passing through it, tearing through her body despite its increased molecular density. It had only been firing for half a second before Irma's flame blast reduced it to slag. In the space of that half-second, fifty five rounds had been fired, and seventeen had struck Karen.

It didn't hurt. Karen stared down at her body, watching the blood well up. She was having trouble breathing. Couldn't... get... enough air... Why didn't it hurt? She fell to the ground. Her eyes went to Irma, who was staring at her with an expression of stunned horror. "... why doesn't it hurt?" she tried to ask. What came up instead was blood. It was in her mouth. It was in...

Irma screamed wordlessly, and as she did, the firebird sprung up around her. Her eyes blazed like furnaces. She was crying, and her tears were molten.

There was an explosion from above, and Celeste Cuckoo descended shrouded in Phoenix-fire, her eyes alight. "SISTERS," she called. "OUR GOOD WORK MUST BEGIN. WE MUST BURN AWAY THE REFUSE TO MAKE WAY FOR NEW GROWTH."

They were one, now. The way they had always been meant to be. All-in-One and One-in-All, and the Fire was the thing which united them, filling in the spaces between, the things that bound them one mind to another.



* * *



In the secondary chamber, separated from the Phoenix now by three feet of metal, Hank McCoy and Kitty Pryde stood surrounded by Cuckoo clones in glass tubes. They had been digging through the computer systems in search of answers, and they'd found them.

Scott's voice came in over the communicator, "Hank! Grab whatever you have and evacuate! We think Celeste is heading your way!"

"I read you, Scott. Just a minute."

"Don't think you have that long!"

"You need to hear this," Hank insisted. "I'm patching you in." He looked to the computer station. "What are they, Sublime?"

"A thousand psionic mutants raised from the harvested eggs of Emma Frost," the voice of John Sublime replied.

"And what do they do?" Hank asked.

"Collectively process information at an exponentially greater power level than any living telepath. Weapon XIV can shatter a person's mind merely by thinking about him. Which is, of course, an excellent way... to destroy all mutants. That power can then be controlled and unleashed via three focal points. Alas, all three focal points are infested with the Phoenix entity, which renders them incompatible with the machinery."

"So the Phoenix is all that stands between us and extinction?" Scott asked incredulously.

"So it would appear."



* * *



The X-Men rushed into the central chamber just in time to see the three sisters unfurl their flame wings for the first time, united as one.

"It doesn't matter what they're for, Scott," Emma said. "They're my daughters, and they're alive. We're getting them out of here."

Logan shot her an incredulous look. "You heart Hank. They're little death machines."

"MY little death machines," Emma retorted.

"IT IS TIME. WE BURN IT ALL AWAY. SO LIFE CAN GROW AGAIN."

Emma glanced at the empty pods. "Scott, I have a plan. I'm drawing a picture inside your head..."

Power Girl rushed into the room, saw the artificial red sunlight, saw her fallen sister, and immediately opened fire with her heat vision on the light sources. Her power faded even as she fired, but she destroyed them all, and was at Karen's side. "Karen, stay with me!"

Karen looked up at her as though through a long, dark tunnel. She could see Kara at the far end. "... Hi," she tried to say. More blood bubbled up. Her eyes drifted shut.

"Karen's down!" Power Girl shouted. She glanced at the tubes, and though it occurred to her just how similar the technology here was to the facility on her world where Divine had been created, she brushed the thought away.

"Damn it," Scott muttered, and opened fire on the Phoenix, knocking Celeste out of the formation. All three focused their attention on him.

"I BURNED OUT YOUR LITTLE DART, PROFESSOR SUMMERS. YOUR OPTIC BLASTS JUST MAKE ME STRONGER."

"But not smarter," Scott replied.

Emma Frost sank down into Celeste's empty pod, and the Cuckoos whirled around towards her. "WHAT ARE YOU DOING, MOTHER? YOU DON'T THINK YOU CAN STOP US, DO YOU?"

Emma smirked. "Not on my own, but with the power of a thousand of your sisters behind me? I think I have good odds."

"Scott," Power Girl called, "I need a hole in the ceiling right now or Karen's dead!"

Scott nodded, adjusted the strength of his beam, and then opened fire at the ceiling, blowing a hole through the level above, and then through the geodesic dome's surface. There was no sunlight pouring through - the angle was wrong for that, but Power Girl grabbed Karen and flew up through the hole. Tried to fly up through the hole. She faltered halfway up. "... Peter!" she called as she slowly sank back towards the ground, "A little help!"

Peter rushed to them, seized both of them around the waist, reared back, and then flung the two girls up through the hole Scott had carved in the ceiling.

Even as a titanic psychic battle broke out between a Weapon XIV-empowered Emma and the Phoenix-infused Cuckoos, Power Girl flew out into the clear, sunlight air. PG could feel the seconds ticking by. Could hear the sound of explosions below. Could feel the yellow sunlight of Sol Invictus revitalizing her cells, recharging her powers. For a long moment, nothing seemed to happen. And then Karen took a breath in her arms, coughed, and opened her eyes.

"... I feel like shit," Karen muttered.

Kara laughed, and there was more relief in it than amusement. "Better than dead," she replied.

A moment later, Karen was flying under her own power, the bullet wounds now little more than puckered, raw sores. Power Girl watched as they slowly but visibly healed, sealed up, and vanished. "Thank Rao for yellow suns," she muttered.

Another series of explosion came from below, and a billowing fireball.

"OK," Karen said, "We need to get back down there. We have to save... everyone." A beat passed. "How did I go from Mr. Fray-Adjacent to Rescue-Girl again? Oh yeah."

Power Girl smirked. "Come on, Nightwing. Flamebird needs rescuing."

Karen rolled her eyes.

They descended into the depths of the World just in time to see an explosion rock Emma's pod, flinging her to the ground. She had second degree burns across the side of her face. Logan was burnt nearly to a cinder again, but he was still breathing. Colossus was unconscious, smashed into a section of wall with his organic-steel forearms visibly melted. Kitty was nowhere to be seen, and Scott was rushing to Emma's side, crying her name.

"Stop!" Karen shouted, arresting her downward momentum. "Irma, you have to stop!"

Three sets of eyes fixed upon the descending Kryptonians. "I AM PHOENIX," said three voices in unison.

All at once, Power Girl frowned. "... I feel like we've been here before. Have we been here before?" She snapped her fingers. "Oh yeah." She glanced Karen-wards. "This is where you get to engage in one of those 'totally cliched hero-slash-friend fights.' You get to say things like 'I know you're stronger than this,' or 'You can fight it,' and 'This isn't you!' and she'll say things like, 'I can't stop it,' and 'It's too strong!'" She paused a moment. "You game?"

"I'm game," Karen replied.

"US TOO," the Phoenix said, a slight smirk on each of its three mouths.

"Great," Power Girl said.

Battle was joined anew. The Phoenix opened with a blast of flame, but neither Power Girl nor Karen were there to receive it: it splashed violently against the wall, melting steel, turning rock to magma. The two Kryptonians zig-zagged across the ceiling, evading blast after blast as the Phoenix set the place ablaze. They changed course, then, moving in on her from opposite angles, each unleashing beyond hurricane force winds with her arctic breath into the face of the fire-entity. Cold air met hot, and the roar of the produced wind was nearly deafening. This was no simple battle: this was a duel of elemental forces. Gods did battle in the World, crashing through walls, flinging huge mechanical struts at the Phoenix, deflecting some fire blasts with frost breath, dodging the others.

After two minutes of battle, they paused, each taking the measure of the other.

"So," said the Phoenix, "Do you want to say it?"

Karen blinked. Then she realized what it meant, and she shrugged uncomfortably. "Kara covered it pretty well, so unless you've got anything different you want to add..."

The Phoenix smirked. "How about this one? I AM LIFE. I AM FIRE." With those words it sent a stupidly huge blast of fire at Karen.

Karen tried to counter with her freeze breath, and then her eyes widened when she realized that it wasn't working. Wasn't happening at ALL. So she did the only thing she could think of: she dove. She collided with the ground a second later, but she evaded the blast. As she clambered up out of the crater she had left, Karen glared up at the Phoenix. "I liked Kara's version better!" she yelled.

This time, the attack wasn't a wave of fire: it was a blast of awful concussive force. Her mind upshifted and her reaction time vastly higher than a normal human's, Power Girl managed to evade it. Karen tried to do the same, but felt like she was moving through molasses. She had time to look questioningly up at the Phoenix. "Still a telepath," it said.

The blast took her, plowed her through six steel walls. "...Ow..." she groaned. Shit. Karen was really starting to hate telepathy.  except if the Phoenix could just shut her off whenever it wanted, why hadn't it? She clambered to her feet and flew back to the main chamber just in time to see Power Girl take a concussive blast from above, smashing her to the ground with a sickening crack.

"... I don't know if anyone's told you," Power Girl said, "Your girlfriend's got a temper."

"She's..." Karen wheezed, struggling for breath in the increasingly hot air of the chamber, "Not as bad... as Cordelia."

By now, Scott had dragged Emma clear of the line of fire, and Colossus rose unsteadily to his feet. "Karen!" Colossus called. "Don't use your heat vision! It will only make her stronger!"

Karen blinked. "... Kind of got that with the whole 'she's made of fire' thing."

"... Right," Colossus said. "I'm just going to sit down for a minute."

A second concussive blast hurled Karen into the wall. "Sorry," the Phoenix said. "Were you distracted? I can wait."

Karen grit her teeth and pulled her face out of the steel. "This is not going well!" she yelled.

Power Girl was slowing down, too. No longer moving like a Kryptonian. "Ya think?"

"I'm disappointed, girls," Emma said.

"Emma, wait!" Scott reached for her, but she walked down, back into the line of fire.

"You could split this planet in half if you wanted to," Emma said, ignoring the burns on her face, ignoring the pain they brought. "You're here to do Phoenix work, and we're in your way. Yet I'm still alive. We're all still alive. Why is that?"

The girls glared hatefully at Emma. "We just wanted to see your face when we burned you to death," they replied as one.

Karen and Power Girl exchanged glances, and then breathed on their own bodies, coating themselves in ice before they each lunged at the girls. "Time to finish this!" Power Girl yelled.

All three girls flung their arms outwards, and a concussive pulse blasted the Kryptonians into the far walls, shattering dozens of glass pods in the process.

They were trying again, coating themselves in ice, coming at the Phoenix from different angles. This time, only Karen went flying. Power Girl made it through the flames, reared back to deliver a knockout blow to one of the girls.

The Phoenix gestured, three as one, and a torrent of fire washed over Power Girl, flowed past her, washed over Emma Frost, and over Scott Summers, who had moved to protect his lover.

Karen's eyes widened in horror. "You... you killed them!"

"I BURN AWAY WHAT DOESN'T WORK."

Rage rose up within her heart like a serpent, choking out all else. "You KILLED THEM!"

"No," Power Girl said as the flames died away, her tone a puzzled one. "... She didn't." Below, Emma and Scott were equally unharmed. Even more, Emma's burns were gone.

A disembodied voice. The voice of one of the Cuckoo-clones. "Mother," it said. "Mother," came another. "Mother," "Mother," "Mother..."

Sublime's voice rang out, "Girls, what are you doing? Why are you leaving your tanks? Stop this at once!"

Karen stared. "The clones are... holding them back?"

"Mother..." Celeste murmured.

"We don't want you to die, mother," the clones said with their telepathic voices. They were emerging from their tanks, now. Hundreds of them. Almost a thousand, each so very like their mother. "We love you."

Emma stared, her eyes wide, reflexively shifting into her own diamond form to block out the suddenly overwhelming love and affection she felt from every single clone.

The Phoenix hung in the air motionless. "... Mother," the Three-in-One said, each voice tinged with sadness. "We can't stop the work the Phoenix has come to do."

"I know," Emma said.

"What?" Karen asked. "What did she come to do?"

"To end the threat to mutant-kind that is Weapon XIV," Phoebe said. "To murder our sisters," Celeste added. "... To break our mother's heart." Irma finished.

"Please," said one of the Cuckoo clones. "I want to live." Other voices joined it in chorus. "I want to live." "I want to live!" "We want to live, please..."

"Can't we stop it?" Karen asked, staring at the assembled group of Cuckoo-clones. "They've... they've broken free of the machine, why is it still going to kill them?"

"I burn away what doesn't work." The voice was fainter than a whisper, yet heard by all. "Even freed of Sublime's device, they are a threat. A weapon waiting to be wielded. A danger to mutant and human alike. They will bring about your ruin. They can't help it. I can. I will not allow it. They must die."

"All of them?" Karen asked.

"Yes."

A righteous anger rose up in Karen. "No."

The Phoenix gestured with three pairs of arms, and fire began to roll out across the gathering of clones.

"We only just realized that we were alive..."

The first dozen turned to ash. Two dozen. Three dozen. A hundred. Two hundred. And then Karen was there, sending her arctic breath into the wave of fire. The dying screams of Cuckoos all around her: she stood in the face of a god, and breathed forth her defiance, heat meeting cold, each roiling around each other, frozen mist and a cosmic fire, and the fire was the stronger. Wind blasted in all directions, pressing Emma, Scott, and all the rest backwards, clinging to pieces of debris to keep their footing. Karen was losing.

Power Girl landed at her side, adding her own arctic breath. Cosmic heat and unutterable cold roiled around each other, taking up the moisture in the air, beginning to spin counter-clockwise. Clouds began to form within the World. Thunder boomed. Lightning flashed. The wind roared.

"What's happening?" Colossus asked.

Kitty emerged from beneath a pile of rubble and stared, wide-eyed. "They're... they're making a storm..."

It began to rain. A torrential downpour, soaking everyone to their skin in seconds, and still the Kryptonians breathed: the storm spun faster, faster, more and more uncontrolled, the rain boiling in the center, where the Phoenix floated, and rising back up into the storm to fall again.

Yet at last, Karen and Power Girl ran out of breath. They faltered, and the fire roared towards them. Yet just before the flames came a narrow concussive blast: they were flung backwards, taking a pair of Cuckoo clones with them as they went. They hit the far wall and collapsed, and the Phoenix-fire completed its grim work.

The fire faded. Irma, Celeste, and Phoebe fell to the ground.

"Are they..." Scott began.

Emma's voice was utterly without emotion, but tears threatened to form in her eyes. "The Phoenix murdered them. She killed them all."

Scott held her, and Emma let herself be held. The X-Men were on their feet, now. Colossus and Kitty moved to check on the Cuckoos.

"All dead," Emma muttered.

The sound of wind and rain began to fade. It was a slow thing, a gradual wearing away. Silence but for the rain. There was movement at the far side of the chamber.

"No," Power Girl said.

"Not all," Karen finished.

They came forward, each bearing a living clone in her arms.

As Emma Frost looked upon the two that had been saved, she felt the sudden, terrible upwelling of hope within her heart. Her tears were lost to the storm.

END CHAPTER 04



* * *



Author's notes: I really didn't want to recap as much of Phoenix: Warsong as I did, but I eventually figured it was better to recap material that some people had already read than to risk people being totally lost. Even then, I didn't want to just write up a transcript of Warsong and include "Karen said," and "Karen did" here and there. I wanted things to actually go differently. I knew going in that I wanted a different outcome from the canonical one, but I was surprised at how hard it was to actually get one.

Next chapter: Across the Rainbow Bridge





*Chapter 18*: DU: Across the Rainbow Bridge, Part I


			There is a moment of clarity that comes when everything has tumbled down, hit the ground, and broken to pieces. When the light at the end of the tunnel turns out to be an oncoming train, and now all the kings horses and all the kings men can only stand and stare at the remains of what was once a living being. When, for all your striving, you fail. It spun beyond your control, wild and dangerous, and now...

Now.

Irma's return to consciousness was a sudden thing. One moment she was safe and warm and everything was the most beautiful white fire. The next moment, as if a switch had been thrown behind her eyes, the world snapped into existence around her. Smoke still rose from within the chamber, now a hollow echo of its former glory. It had been burned. It had all been burned. There was a faint scent of sulfur and of burned hair. She was lying on her back - she and her sisters both. A jacket had been folded into a pillow for her. The sensory feed from her sisters began to flow back through her mind. They were still in the white place. Still unconscious. Karen was sitting at her side, and she could feel the other girl's worry fading as she saw that Irma was awake. "Hey," Irma said.

"Hey," Karen replied. Then, in a louder voice she called, "Professors, Irma's awake!"

Logan, Kitty, and Hank crowded around almost immediately: Kitty considered her warily, McCoy with curiosity and genuinely warm concern, Logan like a predator sizing up a potential threat.

"Welcome back, Irma," Hank said. "Is the Phoenix...?"

Irma looked away. She could lie, but there wasn't much point. "Still here," she muttered. And it was: the fragments of the being known as Phoenix had nestled into her subconscious, into the link that joined her and her sisters together. It was doing... something. She wasn't sure what.

The X-Men tensed. She saw her own death, and the death of her sisters flash through Logan's thoughts: decapitation. There would be a lot of blood, but surprisingly little pain. A sharp, awful cutting, but the pain would fade, and as her brain starved of oxygen, she would drift away into a sleep she'd never wake up from.

Emma was gone. Her mental presence seemed distant. Muted. There was a resonance that felt like her lingering in the broken machines that littered the cavern, but it was fading.

"Why does this 'Phoenix' have you guys on edge so much?" It was Karen's voice, but Karen hadn't spoken. Irma looked up. It was the twin. The other one. The blonde. Kara Zor-L.

"Ya just fought her," Logan said. "You've seen how dangerous she is."

"I did," Kara said, "And to be honest? She's not the worst threat I've faced."

Kitty raised an eyebrow. "What, you fight gods on a regular basis?" she asked.

Kara shrugged. "Or worse." She smirked. "Sometimes giant gorilla scientists, too. Not sure what that's all about."

The place with white fire was fading. Celeste and Phoebe were waking up. Irma looked their way. She didn't try to confirm Kara's words. Didn't look through the blonde's memories. What could possibly be worse than the Phoenix? Celeste and Phoebe opened their eyes, and the link between them immediately backfilled their minds with Irma's memories of what they'd missed.

"Ow," Celeste said, rubbing her head.

"I guess it's a little late to ask," Karen began, "But what the hell is going on?"

The X-Men exchanged glances, and Irma stared at Karen for a long moment. "Didn't anyone..." she began. None of the Cucukoos had. It wasn't in the link. The X-Men looked uncomfortable.

"Ah," Hank began, "It's a bit of a long story."

"... The Cuckoos are this world's version of Superboy," Kara said.

Karen blinked. "Pre-crisis or post-crisis?"

Kara thought for a moment. "Post."

Karen stared. "Seriously?"

"Right down to the Lex Luthor genetics. Metaphorically speaking."

"Oh," Karen said. "Huh." She shrugged, and the X-Men exchanged bewildered looks. Well, Kitty and Hank did. Logan just looked annoyed.

"Where's Emma?" Celeste asked.

Uncomfortable looks all around. Irma saw the answer in the minds of those present just as clearly as Celeste did: Emma hadn't waited for them. She and Professor Summers had taken the two surviving clones and the injured Colossus in the first Blackbird and flown away. "Oh," Celeste said, trying not to look as crestfallen as she felt. Irma and Phoebe tried, too. Then there was a hand on her shoulder. Karen. Irma looked up.

"Come on," Karen said. "Let's get you three home."

"Not so fast," Logan growled.

Karen turned to face the man, her emotions flaring. Affection. Protectiveness. Anger. A little bit of fear. The absolute knowledge that there was nothing she wouldn't do for her girls. Irma specifically, but also Kara, Celeste, and Phoebe. "I swear to God, Logan," Karen began, "I will punt you into the next time zone if the next words out of your mouth aren't 'you're right, Karen. Let's get the Blackbird ready.'"

Logan's anger rose up like smoke, choking out reason, choking out everything.  Everything except for the image, clear as day, there within his thoughts, of an angry Divine unleashing her heat vision and his world dissolving into agony. A thread of fear joined his anger, and then he was even angrier: angry that he was afraid. "I got one word for ya, bub," he ground out. And then came the distinctive 'snikt' of his adamantium claws extending out through his skin.

Hank and Kitty tensed. Irma, Phoebe, Celeste and Kara all exchanged looks. No, the Three-in-One decided. As kinky as the idea sounded, they weren't going to allow Karen to engage in a dominance challenge with Logan on their behalf. That sort of thing led to people waking up with perforated lungs. Or with Logan spending the next five days thinking he was a nine year old girl. One or the other.

Irma, Phoebe and Celeste focused their powers.

And then Logan floated up into the air, spun about to face the exit, and then gently settled back to the ground. "Wha, what?"

"Let's try that again," the Three-in-One said, each voice sounding in unison.

"This time with a little less testosterone," Kara added.

Karen blushed. "... Sorry," she said.

Logan glared at the lot of them, but especially at Irma, and she immediately knew why: she was still wearing the costume of the Dark Phoenix. Then he stalked off, not quite growling angrily, but visibly bristling.

Kitty let out the breath she'd been holding. "OK," she said. "I'm tired, I'm hungry, I'm sore, and my boyfriend left on the other jet. Can we go now?"

Hank smiled faintly. "I'll prep the Blackbird for launch," he said. "With any luck, Logan will be calm enough to accompany us by the time I'm finished." He looked pointedly at Karen. "Assuming we can avoid any further antagonizing."

"I'll be good," Karen promised.

'Liar,' Irma thought.



* * *



Destination Unknown

by P.H. Wise

An Avengers Crossover Fanfic

Chapter 5: Across the Rainbow Bridge, part 1

Disclaimer: The DC Universe and its associated characters is the property of DC comics. The Marvel Universe and its associated characters is the property of Marvel Entertainment LLC. Buffy the Vampire Slayer is Joss Whedon's baby, but is apparently owned by Fran and Kaz Kuzui. Who knew?



* * *



It was seven forty three in the morning. The days were growing shorter, but it wasn't quite time to set the clocks back an hour yet. An exhausted and thoroughly singed and burned Power Girl landed on her New York apartment balcony, opened the door, and staggered off to bed. Her injuries from the battle against the Phoenix were healing nicely. Probably be gone altogether by the time she woke up. That didn't help her tiredness, though, which was less a physical exhaustion than a mental one - it was hard to get physically exhausted when you had a yellow sun constantly rejuvenating your cells. When she collapsed onto it, the frame of her reinforced bed creaked audibly, but she didn't care. She took the time to strip out of her costume, but putting on pajamas was just too much effort at the moment: Kara settled in under the covers, set the alarm to wake her at eleven, and was asleep in seconds. She dreamed of home, of Kal, of her friends in the Justice Society, but mostly of Atlee.

An hour and seventeen minutes later, the sound of thunderous explosions brought her out of her dream. She lay there on her bed in a stupor for a long moment, not sure what was going on but only knowing that something had taken Atlee away. Another explosion shook the building. Her bloodshot eyes gained focus, and with effort she rose to her feet and slipped back into her costume. "Today sucks," she muttered, walked back out to the balcony, and flew off once more to save the day.

The whole midtown Manhattan skyline flashed past her as she ascended. Empire State building. Godzilla. The Chrysler building. Stark Tower. Her brain backed up a step. Godzilla?

Power Girl stared down at the giant lizard currently peering down from around the corner of of a skyscraper at a group surrounding a naked woman standing in a crater down in front of Stark Tower. Dozens of bystanders. A newly restored Spider-Man, along with Wasp, Luke Cage, Miss Marvel, Captain America and Spider-Woman. Dozens of dead monsters littered the ground.

"Hey," Power Girl said as she set down on the broken street, her interruption breaking the tension of the moment. "Sorry about being out of contact this morning. I was just..." She trailed off as she suddenly recognized the naked woman: it was an almost identical copy of Janet. Except way more gorgeous. And with bigger breasts. And in better shape. OK, all of that probably explained Janet's glare. "OK, I'll bite. Why is there a naked cyborg Janet attacking this city?"

All eyes went momentarily to Power Girl. "That's Tony," Spider-Woman said. "He's getting in touch with his feminine side. And his feminine side? Kind of a bitch."

"He's been mind-controlled and transformed into a woman by Ultron," Captain America explained.

"I prefer She-Me's version," Spider-Man said.

"She-Me?" Spider-Woman asked, her tone a little on the derisively snarky side. "Not in THIS universe, web-head."

"What? It's way less clunky than Spider-Woman."

"Let's get back to the part where I'm about to kill all of you," She-Tony said.

Power Girl stared. "... I never get invited to those kinds of parties."



* * *



It was over two hours later. Eleven AM, and Damage Control Inc. was on the scene, cleaning up after Ultron and Mole Man's respective attacks on the city. None of that much mattered to Tony when he woke up in a clean bed with white sheets in a S.H.I.E.L.D. infirmary, surrounded by strange, ominous looking devices, and with Janet Van Dyne reading a magazine in a nice leather chair next to the bed. "Oh," Tony said. "I'm not dead. That's good."  There was something off about his voice. Something very, very off.

"Welcome back to the land of the living," Janet replied, and as she spoke, Tony realized exactly what was wrong: aside from the differences caused by hearing your own voice instead of someone else's, their voices were identical. He - currently she - lifted up the sheets, and stared down at her own breasts. "... When I blacked out fighting Mole Man, I can honestly say that I did not expect to see this when I woke up," she said.

"Stop that," Janet said, putting the magazine down and looking annoyed.

"Stop what?"

"That's my body you're ogling, Tony. Stop it."

In spite of her shock, Tony smirked. "Pretty sure it's not," she said.

The door opened. Tony looked up in time to see Steve and... her. Kara Zor-L. Walking into the infirmary. She immediately dropped the sheet. "Steve," she said. "Kara." Steve's expression was all business, but Kara looked, well, 'dangerously amused' wasn't a descriptor she really wanted to apply to the Kryptonian, so she mentally refused to do so.

"Hey Tony," Kara said, "I'd leer, but it would probably only encourage you."

"So a guy has to get turned into busty cyborg Janet for you to notice him?" Tony asked.

"I plead the fifth," Kara replied, and winked.

"Well that's just tragic."

"You know, Steve and I can step out for a while if you two would like some time alone," Janet said.

Kara shook her head. "Couldn't do it. No matter what she looks like, it's still Tony in there. I'd never live it down." A beat passed, and she glanced Janet-wards, her corners of her lips twitching as she eyed the other woman. "Besides, you only get a knock-off when you can't get the genuine article. What if we step outside and let Tony and Steve have some time alone, instead?"

Janet laughed. "I'm flattered, but if your twin is anything to go by, I've seen what's under that costume already. Not interested."

Tony became uncomfortably aware of her own arousal at the situation, and the feeling, accompanied by the (to her) disturbing lack of a hard-on brought her back to Earth like a glass of cold water to the face.

Steve looked a little uncomfortable, but if what was being implied bothered him, he didn't say anything. He looked to Tony. "We were actually just about to reprogram the nanobots Ultron flooded your body with to return you to your normal self," he said.

Kara grinned. "Though hey, if you want to take a few days to discover everything being a girl has to offer, nobody's gonna judge you."

"Except me," Janet said.

"Except Janet," Kara echoed a moment later.

Tony glared. "Get me back to normal. Right now."

Steve walked over to a computer console next to the bed, sat down, and typed in a few commands. The equipment around Tony's bed began to glow. "This might sting," he warned.

"A little stinging is a small price to..." Tony's world dissolved into agony. She felt like she was burning from the inside out. Her senses blanked. Everything went white. In her subjective experience, all that existed was heat and pain as her cyborg body was rebuilt on the molecular level back into his armored body. He didn't know how long it lasted, but when it was over, Tony Stark, male once again and clad in his Iron Man suit, collapsed onto the bed. When he spoke, his voice was hoarse, and he was panting for breath. "...That stung... more than... a little," he ground out.

"Walk it off, soldier," Steve replied.

"OK," Kara said. "Evil cyborg Janet-clone Tony has been dealt with. I'm going back to bed."

"Actually," Steve said, "We're going to Asgard."

"Asgard?" Janet asked. "Thor's back?"

Steve nodded.

Kara sighed. "Asgard. Right. Wake me when we get there."



* * *



There wasn't much talk on the flight back from England. Logan's Avengers' communicator went off a few minutes into the flight, but the extent of his reaction to it was to tap a button on the side of it which stopped its beeping and then went right back to glaring at the floor. Karen and the Three-In-One sat together in the folding chairs on the port side of the Blackbird, Irma with her head on Karen's shoulder but otherwise quiet. Each of them still wore their respective Phoenix costumes, and though Karen knew they were having a telepathic conversation, she wasn't part of it. But she provided what support she could, putting an arm around Irma, and trying to think supportive thoughts. She dozed off twice, for an hour or so each time. Eventually, they could see land out the window instead of ocean. Then the ship was decelerating, and after a few minutes of flight over land, the sound of the engines changed. The ship stopped in mid-air, and then began to descend. Karen had a moment's glimpse of the basketball court before it was replaced by concrete and then by hanger as the hanger door slid shut above them, and the ship came to a rest with a thump.

"Well," Karen said. "We're back." The Cuckoos looked at her askance, and she held up her hands and made a warding gesture. "Someone had to state the obvious."

"No," Irma said, "Someone didn't."

Despite Irma's tone, Karen could see the barest hint of a smile at the corner of her lips, and she met it with a grin of her own. "I think it's in the terms of my attendance, somewhere," she said.

Hank put a blue-furred hand on the railing above the area where the girls were only just starting to get out of their seats, and looked down at them. "Off you go, girls. But don't go far. We might have questions later. Or if not us, our military guests."

The Cuckoos nodded as one, but Hank waited until Karen had nodded as well before leaving them to their own devices.



* * *



Valerie Cooper pinched the bridge of her nose. She could feel a headache coming on. She was seated at the rich mahogany desk in the study the X-Men had provided for her to use as an office, and the fact that she had been seated when Hank reported their adventure to her was probably for the best. Hank wasn't the only one here - Ororo Monroe, Kitty Pryde, and Scott Summers were also in the room - but Hank had done most of the talking, and Ororo was there mostly for moral support. "So let me see if I have this straight. Karen Zor-L - the girl who's supposed to be under house arrest, and on whose willingness to play along my career rests - flew off to England to a highly dangerous and classified experimental laboratory created by a notorious villain but now nominally under S.H.I.E.L.D. control to rescue her girlfriend. Said girlfriend and her sisters - long time students at this very Academy - turn out to be part of a doomsday weapon intended to destroy all mutants. Said girlfriend and her sisters are possessed by the God damned Phoenix herself and forced to murder almost a thousand of their own clone-sisters who are also components of the doomsday weapon. Karen and her sister, who was apparently also involved, because hey, why not, fight the Phoenix, and between the whole lot of you you're able to rescue the Cuckoos plus two extras and then expect to just carry on like nothing's changed? Oh, and apparently the three Cuckoos are now active hosts to the Phoenix. That about sum it up?"

Hank exchanged glances with his fellow teachers. "Miss Cooper," he said carefully, "While I do apologize for making your job more difficult, you must have realized by now that this sort of situation is..." he trailed off in search of the correct word.

"Fairly normal for a Tuesday?" Kitty suggested.

"Par for the course," Hank agreed.

Val sighed. "You people are the closest things Earth has to experts on the Phoenix. How do we handle this?"

"Jean would never do anything to hurt us," Scott said, but his voice lacked conviction. There was a certain hesitation in his tone. He knew he wasn't speaking the truth.

"Her record says otherwise."

Scott glared, and Valerie met that glare with a level gaze. "Do you really want me to go over all the times the Phoenix has hurt you?" Val asked.

Scott looked away. "Professor Xavier is the one you want to talk to."

"We don't have Professor Xavier," Val said. "We have you."

Hank glanced at Scott, then returned his attention to Val. "Valerie, how much do you know about the Phoenix?"

"Jean Grey. Omega level mutant. A potentially world-destroying threat that resurrects after a dormant period whenever she's killed."

Hank looked to Scott once more. "I can provide the necessary background if you wish," he said.

Scott shook his head. "No. I'll do it. Without the Professor, I'm... I'm the one here who knows the most." He looked at Val, and she had a distinct sense of gathering weight. When he began his explanation, his voice was no longer hesitant. No longer unsure. It became a thing of confidence, and the long practice of command. The difference might have startled Val if she hadn't known him as well as she did. "The Phoenix is Jean Grey, but it's also the avatar of Life. The Professor once said that she's the nexus of all the psionic energy that exists, all that ever did exist, and all that ever will. And her abilities are beyond anything any of us could ever hope to contain." Scott went on, then. He explained how Jean had first manifested as the Phoenix. Of the M'kraan crystal and the Shi'ar empire. How it had been too much for her. The Dark Phoenix, and what happened after. When he'd finished his recounting, he paused a moment to it all sink in before he threw a life preserver. "Fortunately, we aren't dealing with that: what's inside the Cuckoos isn't the full power of the Phoenix. As near as we can tell, each of them has just a fragment. It's enough to make them some of the most powerful mutants on Earth, but it doesn't put them in the same class as Jean."

"While they are now Omega class," Hank broke in, "They are not, as they say, Alpha-and-Omega class."

Silence. And then everyone in the room gave Hank a pained look.

"Normally," Scott said, "I'd recommend that we confine them to the school until we figure out some way to separate the Phoenix fragments from them."

Val nodded. "And that's probably what I'll be ordered to do."

"The problem is, we can't actually do it. It's the same problem we've had with Karen, except worse. In Karen's case, we could always resort to telepathy to keep her here if we had to. With the Cuckoos, that's not going to work. As powerful as Emma is, I wouldn't want to put her against three active Phoenix-hosts."

"I suppose the fact fact that Irma and Karen have gotten involved gives us less leverage over Karen as well," Valerie commented. Scott nodded. "So until S.H.I.E.L.D. clears Karen, we're walking a political tightrope," Val said. "On the plus side, a little bird tells me that should be happening some time tomorrow. We just need them not to complicate things for us before then." She smiled grimly. "Naturally, Namor can't be bothered to put off his official state visit until then."

"For what it's worth, they're good kids. Phoebe, Celeste, and Irma are a lot like Emma."

Val did not find that to be a comforting statement, and Scott realized it immediately, because he followed up with, "Emma's not as bad as people think."

"I'll have to take your word for that," Valerie replied, her tone dry. "Speaking of which, where is Emma? I thought she'd be here with the rest of you."

Uncomfortable looks were exchanged. "Emma... didn't take what happened in England very well," Kitty offered.

Val pinched at the bridge of her nose again. "I see." She let a beat pass. "I hope this isn't going to be a problem."

"She's Emma Frost," Scott said, his voice ringing with absolute confidence. "It won't be a problem."



* * *



"This is a problem." Emma wasn't sure if it was her voice or not. The world seemed wrapped in wet cloth, and the voice - her voice? - came as if from a great distance. It wasn't the comfortable disconnect of the diamond. This was something else.

Her office was lit only by the glow of her computer screen; displayed thereupon were two windows, one showing three identical girls in the cafeteria, the other showing two more girls identical to the first three sitting on the edge of the same table in the infirmary, with Beast attending to them. She sat at the desk, staring at the screen, and felt... nothing; a deep, endless nothing. A profound numbness that denied the very possibility of feeling.

A thousand of her children were dead. The thought rolled through her mind like thunder, but it didn't bring any fresh pain. It was too large. Her eyes flitted down to the results of the scan she'd had Hank do the moment they'd returned. The image which showed nothing where her ovaries should be. The corners of her world trembled slightly at that. Someone had used her. Violated her. Stolen her choice. Each thought brought a red-hot pin-prick of hatred into the emptiness. They had exploited her for the simple fact that she was female. Her eyes burned. Her cheeks were wet. Was she crying? Turned any hope she might have had for children with Scott into a joke.

The sight of a thousand daughters burning in Phoenix-fire flashed through her mind. Emma clenched her eyes shut, drawing on years of experience as a telepath to bring focus to her disciplined mind.

It didn't help.

Two. Two had been saved. Two daughters she'd never known, and she honestly couldn't say which she hated more: John Sublime, who had created them, or the Phoenix, who had destroyed them. She would never tell anyone, never say it aloud, but she'd never wanted to be a mother. That had been her choice: Emma Frost was not a mother-woman. Once she had begun to suspect what the Five-in-One really were, it had taken her a long time to be at peace with the idea. Then Sophie died, and that had hurt her more than she would ever, ever admit. Then Esme died. Now... this. She'd had a thousand daughters. A thousand bright lights, a thousand little minds slowly awakening, blinking and shining, and now dead. All but five, killed by the thing that still inhabited three of them.

She glared up at the ceiling, her thoughts filled with the image of Jean Grey surrounded by Phoenix-fire, burning and killing without restraint. Jean Grey, and Celeste, and Phoebe, and Irma. Images of Sublime arrogantly harvesting her ovaries, stealing her choice, using her. She clenched her fist, and as she did, flesh rippled into living diamond: Emma Frost had hatred enough for both.



* * *



It took longer than it should have to get ready. Mostly that was because Tony, despite his just having had a very close encounter of the female-Ultron kind, was still pretty sure she was crazy, and wanted a telepath to tell him otherwise. A non-Emma telepath. Which was why Kara Zor-L was sitting in the office of a detective agency out in what used to be Mutant-Town. People still lived here - former mutants, mostly, trying to get on with their lives after the thing that had become the core of their self-identity had been destroyed. Tony was here with her, for all that his doctor had flat out told him he needed a week of bed rest, minimum, to recover from what had just happened to him. They'd been joined by a girl from Xavier's named Betsy. Well, Elizabeth. Nice girl, though Kara couldn't quite figure out how it was humanly possible to position herself in the chair the way she had, with both her bust AND her butt pointed in the same general direction. Kara gave it even odds as to whether or not she was even aware she was doing it. Either way, Tony seemed to appreciate the view.

X-Factor Investigations. It was housed in a five story brownstone near the Mutant Square subway station. Across the street from a bar called the Power Plant. The neighborhood had seen better days.

"You're Karen, right?"

Kara looked up. The speaker was a woman with short red hair, and a voice with a hint of a Scottish brogue. She'd seen the woman before, through Karen's eyes. She shook her head. "Kara," she said. "Karen's my sister." She tried to recall the woman's name, "You're... Ray?"

"Rahne," Rahne replied. "You're identical twins? And your parents gave ye names that easy to confuse? They were brave souls."

Kara smiled faintly, her thoughts going back first to Kal, and then to the memories of Zor-L and In-Z from her time in the symbioship. "Yep."

"Can I ask what brings ya here?"

Kara looked at Tony, who shrugged. She gestured his way. "Tony thinks I'm crazy. Someone named St. Croix is supposed to prove him wrong. Betsy is here to make sure it's on the level."

Rahne blinked. "M?" She gave Tony a look as if that were the dumbest thing she'd ever heard in her life. "You want M to tell you someone isn't crazy? You're kidding, right?" The door to the office opened. A woman walked through. "She'd probably..."

"Be upset to find you speaking ill of her behind her back," the newcomer said.

Rahne smirked, and glanced over her shoulder at the newcomer. "Not if I'd say the same thing to her face."

Monet St. Croix rolled her eyes, but didn't rise to the bait. She was a stunningly beautiful woman. Dusky skin, long, straight hair that was dark as the night itself, distinctly North-African features, warm brown eyes that could draw you in until you... Kara cut short that line of thought with a blush. M raised an eyebrow, and Kara's blush deepened. 'OK,' she thought sourly, 'Teenaged hormones suck just as much the second time as they did the first time. Especially with telepaths around.'

"If you're both done mentally undressing me," M began, and Tony glanced Kara's way with a smirk, which didn't help her blush, and Betsy rolled her eyes, but Monet went on before anyone could say anything, "I'd like to get down to business."

"Nice to see you haven't changed, Monet," Betsy said.

Monet smirked. "Why alter perfection?"

"And just as humble as I remember."

"Right," Kara said, took a deep breath, then asked, "So what do I do?"

"Lie down on the couch, my dear," M said, the corners of her lips curling into the faintest hint of an amused smile, "Relax, and let the telepath do all the work."

"Bloody sapphists and fornicators," Rahne muttered. Her words were too quiet for a normal human to pick up. Too bad she was in a room with a telepath and a Kryptonian.

Kara glanced Rahne's way, but didn't reply. She sat down on the couch, took a few deep, calming breaths, and tried to relax. "... OK. I'm ready."

Monet lowered her voice, her tone low and sensual but still clearly audible throughout the room. "It's your first time, so I'll be gentle."

Kara managed not to blush. Tony coughed. And Rahne made an angry noise and then stormed out of the room. A few seconds later, M couldn't hold back her own laughter any more.

"So?" Tony asked after a few moments had passed.

Kara felt a sense of pressure; a presence in her mind; a sense of something shifting. She tried not to actively fight it. Memories seemed to flit about before her eyes, and as they did, she concentrated on hiding away the particularly private ones. Monet would still be able to get to them if she really wanted to, but she'd also know that Kara had wanted them to remain private. M did look over a few of them, but then, seeing what they were, ignored the rest.

After a few moments, M exchanged glances with Betsy. Both nodded. "Congratulations, darling," M said, looking Kara's way, "You're not crazy."

"Not crazy," Betsy confirmed.

Kara smiled. "Told you so," she said.

Tony frowned. "Not even a little crazy?"

Monet shrugged. "Considering everything she's been through, she's far more stable than I would be if our positions were reversed."

Betsy raised an eyebrow. "Weren't you actually in a comparable situation for years, Penance?"

"Shut it, Braddock."

"OK," Tony said, "Looks like you were telling the truth." A shrug. "OK then." He turned to Kara, looked her in the eye, and said, "I'm sorry, my bad."

Kara shook her head with no small amount of incredulity. "You're an asshole, Tony."

It was only by virtue of her kryptonian hearing that she heard his murmured reply: "... Sometimes."



* * *



An hour later, Kara was finally on the quinjet heading for Oklahoma, and comfortably dozing. Her impressions of the three hour flight were few. She came to a couple times, heard the conversation around her in perfect clarity (stupid Kryptonian hearing), lost herself in the hum of the engines, and then fell back asleep.

"Kara, wake up."

Her eyes fluttered open. She was lying in a blue glowing pool, staring up at a waterfall with pillars of golden light on either side, blue and gold watery light playing against the walls of the cave, throwing stalactites and stalagmites into spectacular relief. It was warm, and she was safe.

"Kara?"

Kara turned her head. Atlee lay at her side, both of them wearing that ridiculous semi-organic neural interface clothing that covered... well, almost nothing. She remembered this. "This is the spa in Strata," she said.

Atlee nodded. "I wanted to thank you again for saving me from the Ultrahumanite," she said. "The whole experience was... well... awful. Being in that body hurt all the time, and I felt... helpless."

Kara remembered what she'd said the first time. It was stupid. Thoughtless. 'I can imagine it was terrible,' she'd said, 'But that's behind us.' "I'm sorry," she said. It wasn't much better. "I'm dreaming, aren't I?"

Atlee nodded. "Yes."

Kara stared at Atlee, and her voice wavered with emotion as she said, "... I miss you."

"I know," Atlee replied, and as she did, Power Girl felt a sense of hopeless longing through the empathic link that the pool created between them. Hopeless longing mixed with... she shook her head. It was a dream. She wouldn't... "Come back to us, Kara," Atlee said. "Things are bad here without you."

Atlee was snuggled up next to her, though Kara hadn't seen her cross the intervening space. This hadn't happened. This wasn't the way it had gone. She could feel the other girl's body against her own, the warmth, Atlee's arms around her body. And it wasn't real. She missed Atlee, and she missed Kal. The real Kal. Not the Superman she'd come to know, but the one that had raised her in her home universe. Kal-L. Lois Lane. The image of their bodies corrupted by the Black Lantern rings flashed through her mind, bringing with it echoes of all of the horror and despair of the Darkest Night.

"I'm trying," Kara whispered.

"What was that?"

The cave vanished, and Atlee with it. She could hear the hum of the quinjet's engines. Kara opened her eyes. "What?"

Steve Rogers' gaze softened. "Sorry, I didn't realize you were sleeping. You were talking. I thought you should know - we're going to be landing in a few minutes."

She wanted to go back, to dream of Atlee again, but instead, Kara Zor-L sat up straight, stretched, and peered out the forward window.

The flat, dusty high plains of northwestern Oklahoma stretched all around them, yet on the horizon, a great city rested atop impossibly high floating cliffs, bathed in light, gleaming like a jewel in the sunlight.

"Is that...?" she began.

Steve nodded. "Asgard."

Eleven minutes later, the quinjet set down on a landing pad in the high city of Asgard, suspended in midair above a dusty road lined with power lines. The greenery of the city and its great tree stood at odds with the plains which lay all about it. The landing pad itself seemed strange and out of place in a shining city of the gods; for men and women who were kin to Odin walked the streets and markets and high places, each of them divine. Kara Zor-L hopped out of the quinjet where a giant of a man stood ready to greet them. Red-bearded, fat, and dressed all in red, he wasn't what Kara had expected of a god, but she didn't stare.

He did. He stared at her, his eyes wide.

"Hello, Volstagg," Captain America said. That seemed to startle him into action.

"Ah, yes," Volstagg said. He was shaken, and it showed in his voice, but he was quick to recover a more booming boisterous quality. "Welcome to Asgard, friends of Thor, and bless your good fortune, for on this day, the Lion of Asgard is your guide! Come! You are expected."

They went. Two humans and one kryptonian in the city of the gods, with Captain America and Iron Man occasionally stealing glances at Kara to gauge her reactions. She noticed, but she didn't say anything. Coming here, walking among gods, she felt nostalgic for Themyscira. She could almost imagine Diana rounding the next corner with the Justice League in tow at any moment, and... she shook her head to dismiss the thought.

At last they arrived in the great hall of the Odinson, cut from the wood of the World Tree itself, lit with braziers burning brightly, long tables to seat many feasting warriors on either side. Thor himself sat at the far end, with an empty seat beside him, though all the rest were filled. He was everything Kara expected from a Norse god: his hair was long and blonde, his body muscular and without flaw; grace and wisdom rested upon his brow despite the dour expression on his face. And when he saw her, he looked up. His eyes widened, and a silence fell over the hall as every eye turned to Kara Zor-L.

"My Lord Thor," Volstagg boomed. "I present your guests: Captain America, Iron Man, and..."

Thor rose to his feet, interrupting Volstagg's words with his own: "Kra! You're alive!"

Steve and Tony glanced her way as if to ask for an explanation. She had none. Dumbfounded, she stared at the Norse god, and uttered a single, flat, "What."

END CHAPTER 05



* * *



Author's notes: Ugh. I got to thirty pages of material with this, but none of it fit together properly. I think I've gotten it down to twelve pages of material that works, though, and now I can concern myself with putting the rest into chapter 6.





*Chapter 19*: DU: Across the Rainbow Bridge, Part II


			Destination Unknown

by P.H. Wise

An X-Men Crossover Fanfic

Chapter 6: Across the Rainbow Bridge, part 2

Disclaimer: The DC Universe and its associated characters is the property of DC comics. The Marvel Universe and its associated characters is the property of Marvel Entertainment LLC. Buffy the Vampire Slayer is Joss Whedon's baby, but is apparently owned by Fran and Kaz Kuzui. Who knew?



* * *



"Wait," Santo said, "Can we go back to the part where there are two new Cuckoos?"

Laurie made a sour face. "Aren't there more important things going on than new Cuckoos?"

"Probably, but none of them have anything to do with us."

Karen, the Three-in-One, Santo, Noriko, Laurie, Julian and David were variously seated around, standing by, and sprawled out on the couches in the student lounge, next door to the library. The TV was on, and a pair of students were playing video games in front of it, but none of them paid it any mind.

"They're clones," Karen said, as if that explained everything.

"And so are the Cuckoos, apparently?" Laurie asked. "Clones of who?"

Karen and the Cuckoos exchanged glances. "That doesn't matter," Karen said.

David frowned. "I don't know about that," he said, "It could matter quite a..."

Noriko put a hand to her forehead. "We're dumb," she said, interrupting David.

David glanced at her. "What?" Then the same thing occurred to him. "... Oh. Yeah, we're dumb," he agreed. Laurie blushed with embarrassment, and Julian rolled his eyes.

"What?" Santo asked. "I don't get it."

"Right," Laurie managed, wishing she could sink right into her chair. "So more Emma clones. What do we call them?"

"They don't have names yet," Phoebe, Celeste, and Irma replied in unison.

Santo got a sly grin on his rocky face, then. "Hey, how about Esme and Sophie?"

"No!" Irma, Celeste, and Phoebe all said at the same moment, directing an arctic glare at the rock-bodied boy, who at least had the decency to look ashamed of his suggestion.

"Sorry," he muttered.

"I think they're going to pick their own names," Karen said. "Or Emma's going to name them. One or the other."

Nods all around. The subject was closed. All of them knew it. "Speaking of uncomfortable subjects," Laurie said, "I hear Professor Logan's going all out with P.E. this term."

"Nice segue," Julian said.

David nodded in agreement, the corners of his lips twitching but otherwise remaining admirably straight-faced. "It was classy. Just the right amount of 'I really don't want to talk about the new girls anymore.'"

Laurie mock-glared, but whatever she might have replied was cut off when Santo made a face and said, "I had Logan's P.E. class earlier today. He has it out for me. I know it. I was literally dying on my feet out there, and he just kept making me practice with that smirk..."

Karen looked Santo-wards in askance. "Do you know what 'literally' means?"

"Don't bother, Karen," David said, "I literally never hear anyone use that word correctly anymore." He let a beat pass. "One day, that sentence will no longer be a misuse of the word, but nobody will realize it."



* * *



Asgard. The great feast-hall of the Odin-son. Thor's words yet hung in the air, Kara staring at him in complete shock even as Iron Man and Captain America shot Kara twin questioning looks.

"What."

"You know Kara?" Iron Man asked, his tone carefully neutral.

Thor and Volstagg exchanged glances, and then looked to Kara once more. "Thou hast not told them?" Thor asked.

Worry began to bubble under her skin, not quite winning out over confusion but coming close. Kara wasn't sure what was going on here, but given her history, it wasn't likely to be good. "Told them what?"

Thor frowned, his gaze searching for something in her face. "Brunnhilde," he said.

A tall beautiful, muscular woman with long blonde hair rose from her place at the table several seats down. "My Lord Thor?" she replied.

"I, the Lady Kra, and my friends shall retire to my private chambers. I ask that you accompany us."

Brunnhilde bowed. "As you command, my Lord." She glanced towards Kara, Tony, and Steve. "Follow me," she said.

What else could she do? Kara followed.

The walk to Thor's private chambers didn't take long, but the undercurrent of worry and of wondering how and why Thor knew her made it feel much longer. No one spoke. After about three minutes of walking through the fantastic, earthy, warrior's home that was Thor's palace, Brunnhilde cast open the doors to a room which seemed gathered around a warm fire pit, rich wooden chairs and benches and couches all around it, a fire burning merrily within a circle of stones. Thor wasn't far behind: he entered perhaps a minute later, sat upon a particularly large and comfortable looking chair, and set Mjolnir down beside it. Only then did Brunnhilde seat herself. Kara took that as a signal, and sat as well.

"OK," Kara said. "How do you people know my name?"

Thor and Brunnhilde exchanged worried glances. "Sister," Thor said, "Hast thou forgotten the house of thy birth?" There was a note of concern in his voice that surprised her almost as much as the content of his question.

Kara stared. "The house of El?" she asked. "No. That's not something I could forget again."

Brunnhilde frowned. "You are not of the Levantine. Why do you claim descent from El? Your father is Odin, your mother, Frigg." A pause. "Shield-Sister... do you not remember?"

Kara's thoughts raced. Was this universe trying to incorporate her, the last survivor of a dead universe, the same way that New Earth had? Was this just a big misunderstanding? "... I don't think I'm who you think I am."

Steve spoke up, then. "Thor, Kara is a refugee from an alternate universe. Unless something stranger than normal is going on here, your sister may be this universe's version of her."

Thor gave Steve a speculative glance. "Indeed?" he asked, then turned his gaze to Kara once more.

Kara's thoughts raced. An alternate universe version of her? That was... that was better than the alternatives. She thought of her existence as Kara of Atlantis, and barely suppressed a shiver. "My name is Kara Zor-El," she said, and clasped Thor's arm.

Was it acceptance she saw in the eyes of the Odin-son? She wasn't sure. "Well met," he replied, clasping her arm in turn. "In thy home universe, thou art a goddess of the Levantine? It is a strange thought. Stranger still that thou hast no brother called Thor."

Kara shook her head. "I'm not a goddess at all, actually." She held up a finger in Iron Man's direction. "Don't start, Tony,"

"I wasn't going to," Tony protested.

"I can see your face through your helmet. You were totally about to." She returned her attention to Thor. "I'm... well, I'm a Kryptonian, actually."

"Kryptonian?" Thor asked. He seemed to recognize the name, but clearly wasn't satisfied with that. He glanced at Brunnhilde, who looked baffled.

"Lady Kra, alternate universe version or not, do not ask us to deny the evidence of our own eyes," Brunnhilde said. "A goddess is plainly what you are."

Thor nodded in agreement.

"So there's another version of Kara running around?" Steve asked.

Kara tried to shake off her discomfort. "I can't imagine what I'd do with another version of me," she said, and then smirked, "Two other versions if you count Karen." It occurred to her suddenly that she'd totally run into alternate versions of herself before, but it was too late to qualify the statement.

Tony stared off into space. "I can imagine at least a dozen things I'd do with three of you." He thought about it. "Hang on, add two more to that list. Although that last one... I'd have to find copies of Carol and Janet's costumes first."

"...Thanks, Tony," Kara said with a sigh.

"Any time."

Thor gave Iron Man a considering look. "Art thou her lover, Tony?" he asked.

"Working on it," Tony said.

It took a second for that question to register with Kara's consciousness. An image flashed into her imagination: the two of them in bed, herself on top of Tony, taking him inside her, riding him until the lesser of the two consequences of her orgasm was to shatter his hips beneath her, and then... she forced the image back with a gallon of brain-bleach and then, somehow, managed to combine a blush and a shudder. "Standing right here," Kara said, and her irritation, both with the question and with that disturbing mental image, was clear in her tone.

Steve gave Tony a disappointed look, and then said, "Thor, the reason we're here is because we've been to Kara's home universe before. You brought the Avengers there during the Krona incident."

Kara nodded. "I've got reason to believe my friends and loved ones are in great danger. If I can get there quickly enough, I should be able to stop it. Or at least minimize the damage."

"We were hoping you could open the way," Steve finished.

Thor didn't need to consider that for very long. He nodded almost immediately. "It is the least I can do for my sister from another world, and for my worthy friends." He rose to his feet, seizing Mjolnir as he did so. "Come. Bifrst awaits."



* * *



"All right, people," Jamie said. "Time to put it all together. What do we have?"

The offices of X-Factor Investigations were blissfully temperate. Outside, the sounds of the city were muted by the relative abandonment of Mutantville, but still drifted in on the cool breeze through the open window.

"Seems pretty straightforward so far," Rahne said. "We all saw the security footage. A man of average height, average weight, of average build, with average looks dressed in a business suit meets Divine at a bench in the Bleecker Street square, talks with her for a minute, gives her a business card, and then leaves. The next day, she's at the house in Stamford."

Rictor nodded. "I ran it by my police friend. Facial recognition software turned up nothing."

"I checked with SHIELD," Jamie said, "Apparently I'm still listed as an agent. Go figure. They ran the face through their database. Nothing."

M spoke next. "The business card was found and logged by the police at the scene, but disappeared from evidence the next day. I poked around in the heads of the officers who were on the scene. Their memories of the card had been erased. Good work. Probably a pro." She smirked. "But not up to my level."

"You got something from them?" Rahne asked.

"Nothing that would stand up in court," M replied, "But I got it."

A pause.

"Don't keep us all in suspense," Rahne said.

"One side of the card had the address of the house in Stamford. The other side had the corporate logo of a group called Imperial Industries."

Jamie nodded. "That confirms what Ms. Frost found. And it tracks."

The others, Monet excepted, looked at Jamie expectantly.

"Imperial Industries has been defunct for years. Nick Fury took them down. They were a front for HYDRA. Combine that with what we saw in that HYDRA base..."

Layla Miller walked into the office at that moment. "What's going on?" she asked.

Jamie glared at her and said nothing, but when Layla just waited expectantly, he sighed and said, "HYDRA sent Divine to Stamford."

Layla smiled brightly and held out her hand, and Jamie, Rictor, Banshee, and Monet each produced a twenty dollar bill and handed it over to Layla with identical sour expressions.

"An' that's why I don't gamble," Rahne said, trying not to laugh. "Especially not against little miss spooky." She and Layla spoke simultaneously, then: "She/I know(s) stuff."

Banshee frowned. "OK, the rest of us I can buy, but why did you get it wrong, M?"

M looked annoyed. "I don't want to talk about it."

Jamie shook his head, "What I can't figure is, why would they give a business card for a known and supposedly defunct HYDRA front? Why not just give it to her on an otherwise blank piece of paper? Hell, why give it to her at all? They had to have known that if their clean up was anything less than perfect, anyone who investigated it after the fact would figure this out."

"You think someone's trying to lead us to believe that HYDRA is responsible when they aren't?" Rictor asked. Beside him, Layla carefully counted her money before putting it in her pocket.

"Maybe. Then again, HYDRA's history isn't exactly clear of this sort of mistake. And at the very least it's worrying. Even more so combined with that huge stash of MGH that never showed up in the police report."

"Seemed pretty clear they had an interest in the girls at the base we found," Rictor said.

Jamie frowned. "That it did. Doesn't mean it's not a setup or a cover. Either way, we'd better let Scott know what we found."

"Can I come?"

Jamie raised an eyebrow at Layla. "I was planning on using a phone," he said.

Layla shook her head. "We need to go there. Karen's going to need our help."

Jamie paused, studying the young girl's features for a long moment. "You mean Divine?" he asked.

"From a certain point of view."

"You're way too young to be quoting Obi-Wan, kid."

Layla shrugged. "Can I come?"

Jamie sighed. "Fine. Let's go." He looked to the others. "Any of you want to come with?"

"Pass," Rictor, M, and Rahne each said in turn.

When Banshee didn't say anything, Jamie glanced her way. "Theresa?" he asked.

Banshee blinked, her gaze coming back to the here and now. "Sorry," she said. "I was still at 'Layla won the bet.'"



* * *



Asgardia floated easily upon the winds above the dusty road in Caddo county, Oklahoma. The land was still brown - no hint yet of the vibrant, flower-speckled greens that would fill the land after the first rains. Those rains were coming: clouds were gathering on the horizon. The air felt heavy. The birdsong was a muted, distant thing, though not so distant to the ears of Kara Zor-L as she stood looking down upon the land from the overlook above Himinbjrg, the citadel of Heimdall, from whence Bifrst sprang.

Kara turned away from the view, back to Steve and Tony. "This isn't goodbye," she said. "I'm not going home yet. Not permanently. I need to know what I'm walking into. This is recon. I won't ask you to come with me..."

"You don't need to," Steve said. "If you need our help, you have it."

Kara smiled. He really did remind her of Kal. "Thanks," she said, her voice thick with emotion. She looked to Thor. "Are we ready?"

Thor looked to Heimdall, who nodded reluctantly. "It would please me more if I were allowed another season to properly calibrate the new bridge, but it will serve," Heimdall said. "Be warned: there is no guarantee of where upon this other Midgard the bridge will take you. Without the proper calibrations, it may drop you into the sea of space, safely upon the land, or into the depths of the ocean."

Thor produced a small gem, then, and Kara took it. "When thou needst to return hither, hold this and speak; we will hear you." He turned to Heimdall. "Open the way."

Heimdall, clad all in red and orange with a furred cloak and a horned helm, the cosmos itself visible within his eyes, nodded in obedience. "My Lord Thor."

The world seemed to hold its breath in the moments before the opening of the way. The air grew heavier, seeming to take on weight upon weight. There was a rumble that began so low that even Kara couldn't quite hear it which slowly rose in pitch until it sounded of distant thunder. There was pulse of strange light, and then a great beam shining to the horizon; it seemed white at first, then split as if through a great prism into a vast path of burning iridescence that seemed to stretch out to the stars themselves.

Power Girl, Iron Man, and Captain America exchanged glances, and then...

Tony frowned. "PG, wait."

Kara raised an eyebrow, and Steve stopped short. "Why?" she asked.

"Give me the gem. Let me go through the portal first. I can scan the surroundings, make sure it's not going to drup us in the middle of deep space or something, then give the OK through the gem."

Kara glanced at Captain America, who, she noted, lacked any kind of protection from hostile environments, then back to Iron Man. "I'll go first. I can breathe in space."

Tony blinked. "... Seriously?"

She couldn't help it. It was hard not to tease Tony. "No," she deadpanned.

Tony looked annoyed at that. "Then let me go through and scan the other side before you risk yourselves."

Kara didn't quite frown. She recognized that look. He was trying to protect her, yes, and Steve as well, but the look he was giving her wasn't 'I'm a concerned teammate.' It was more like... right. Time to nip this in the bud. "I'm seeing someone," she said.

Tony looked even more annoyed than before. "That's not the point." He let a beat pass. "... How serious?" Another beat passed and he shook his head. "Not the point. The point is, I'm better suited for this. So to speak."

Kara winced at the bad pun, then looked to Steve, who held up his hands in a warding gesture, as if to say, "I'm staying out of this." She looked back at Tony and sighed. "Tony," Kara begain, "You're... tolerable. ... but there really isn't anything you can do that I can't. So just..."

"Wanna bet?" Tony asked, cutting her off.

Kara raised an eyebrow. "OK. I know I'll regret asking this, but what can you possibly do that I can't?"

Tony eyed Power Girl's chest and held up a finger. "A push-up."

Kara flushed with embarrassment, glancing momentarily down at her sizeable bust, then back at Tony, muttering, "You do ONE day of 'superheroes do boot camp for charity' and they never let you forget it."

Tony held up a second finger. "See if my shoes are untied."

Embarrassment tilted unpleasantly towards humiliation, and she glared at him. "I can hurt you, you know." Tony held up a third finger, but Kara cut him off before he could begin, "If the next words out of your mouth have anything to do with the ability to pee standing up, I'm punting you into orbit."

Tony grinned, shut his faceplate, took the gem from Kara, stepped onto the bridge, and was gone.

Power Girl and Captain America stood there for a moment, waiting. After a few seconds had passed, Steve looked sidelong at Power Girl. "... Can't you breathe in space?" he asked.

Power Girl smirked. "More or less," she said, stepped onto the bridge, and was gone.

Heimdall looked questioningly to Thor.

Thor shrugged as if to say, 'don't ask me, I'm just a god.'



* * *



The rainbow bridge took her. Stars flew by at a speed that defied description. Then star clusters. Nebulae. Galactic arms, the Milky Way itself, and all around her shimmered Bifrst's iridescent glow. She left the Milky Way, and there beheld the Magellenic Clouds, Andromeda, and then galaxies whose name she did not know. They passed by, galaxies beyond number, billions upon billions upon billions, swarming like fireflies in the endless night. Bifrst plowed on, and she beheld the ripples it made in the surface of the time/space expansion wave itself before she shot clear into the Ginnungagap - the Yawning Void. Here, there was neither sound nor silence, darkness nor light. Here, in this place, containing nothing, nowhere, and nowhen, lay the potential for all things. Senses that were not sight nor hearing nor touch, not taste nor smell prickled at the edge of her awareness. There was something here. A lingering presence that defied the concepts of presence and absence themselves. She had passed beyond all darkness, beyond all light, beyond all substance, and it recognized her.

Something was here. Some not thing was...

Kara Zor-L

A horrible chill settled over her heart. The Void knew her name.

 and then it was gone. Bifrst bored through the Ginnungagap, and she flew with it towards the darkness and light of a new world.

It came in a flash. Light and heat and sound and color and she laughed, crying tears of joy as she emerged from the path of Bifrst onto the solid ground. Pavement beneath her feet. The sounds of a city. It was night. The stars shone brightly above, and the moon was waxing. People were staring. Muttering. "We can't stay here," one of them hissed, "The Amazons will be here any moment!" And there was Iron Man, giving her an annoyed look through his faceplate.

"Really?" he asked.

She tried to shake off her experience, but she shuddered, took a breath, and nodded. "Better let the Captain know that it's safe," she said.

Iron Man nodded, produced the gem, and spoke: "Captain, you can come through."

The crowd began to scatter. She saw a large fountain in the middle of the square, a sculpture of the greek god Anteros perched atop it.

"They're coming!" someone cried, and what was left of the crowd scattered.



* * *



Every time she closed her eyes, Lois Lane saw the flood-waters roaring through the cathedral. She saw her photographer, Jimmy Olsen, washed away even as he reached out to help a man who had fallen.  was it selfish to dwell on one death amidst so many? All of Paris was destroyed in the blink of an eye. Who was Jimmy Olsen next to the hundreds of millions who had died when the tidal waves destroyed most of western Europe? But she hadn't known those people. The deaths of millions was too big. Too much. Jimmy's death was something that felt real. She hated them. The Atlanteans who had sent the wave. The Themyscirans who had compounded the problem by raising the British isles out of the sea to weather them.

England was New Themyscira now. Ruled by the divine Queen Diana. They'd separated the men, put them into internment camps, but they wanted the women. Recruitment efforts were ongoing. She'd been infiltrating the recruitment center, reporting to Cyborg through Jimmy's device for the last thirty two weeks.

Now, she was running for her life with a woman named Penny Black while a crazy Amazonian archer and her flunkies tried to fill them both with arrows.

They'd been chased across the rooftops, down to the streets, through the alleys. Lois had trained with the Amazons as part of the preparation for her conversion, and her endurance was better now than it had ever been, but she wasn't one of them. The human body had limits, and hers were fast approaching.

Penny didn't cry out when Artemis' arrow pierced her shoulder. She kept running, and Lois as well. Picadilly Circus was somewhere ahead, and the crowd - all of them women - was dispersing even as they ran.

Lois Lane came out onto the square and ran almost face-first into the back of a tall, blonde teenaged Amazon in a white leotard with blue boots and a red cape. The Amazon didn't so much as budge from the impact. Lois went sprawling. Nearing total exhaustion, she scrambled back away from the girl, staring.

"I guess this is it," Penny said, blood dripping down from her arrow-pierced shoulder.

The Amazon stared at her. Blue eyes widened in recognition, and Lois's heart sank. Lois looked back at the approaching group of hunters, then at the tall, busty Amazon she'd collided with. She wouldn't beg. She rose unsteadily to her feet, determined that if she was going to die, she would meet it with her pride intact.

"Lois?" the Amazon asked. Something in her tone made Lois take a second look. Was this girl actually an Amazon?  She didn't have the anger that all the others seemed to. And the way she looked at her made Lois feel uncomfortable. The girl was looking at her like Lois was her mother.

"This ends now!" Artemis cried, and loosed another arrow.

There was a rush of wind, and the sound of wood snapping. The girl in white, blue and red was behind her. Between her and the hunters. It was only then that she realized that the girl wasn't alone: a figure in high tech red and gold armor was helping Penny to her feet even as... even as a man dressed like an American flag was holding out his hand to her.

Lois Lane looked up into the clearest, bluest eyes she had ever seen. "Who are you supposed to be?" she asked.

The star-spangled man replied in a voice filled with utter, perfect conviction: "I'm Captain America. Don't worry, miss. You're safe, now."

She took his hand, and despite herself, for all that there was still a group of Amazons out for her blood not a hundred feet behind, she believed him.

Another arrow whistled through the air. Another sudden snap of wood. Lois turned. The girl who knew her name let the remains of the second arrow fall to the ground.

"Artemis, stop." the girl said. Her voice was a commanding alto, and held a strength and authority that was hard to define. Her cape moved with the breeze, and Captain America and the armored figure moved to stand at her side.

Artemis' eyes narrowed, but she and her hunters drew up short. "Who are you to address me in such a familiar way?"

"It's me, Power Girl," the girl replied. "You probably don't remember me, but I'm a friend." She met the Amazon's eyes, and there was an earnestness in her expression that seemed familiar to Lois, somehow. "I know it won't make sense, but please, listen to me. Stand down. I'm your friend, and so is Lois. You know her, and you know me. We shouldn't be fighting each other."

Artemis studied Power Girl for a long moment, clearly not recognizing her. Her face contorted into a snarl and she started to speak, but whatever she might have said was cut off. There was the strangest sense of something clicking into place, not just for Artemis, but for the whole world. Artemis' eyes widened, and now she stared at Power Girl in complete astonishment. "You're Kara," she whispered.

Power Girl nodded, smiling hopefully. "Yes." Lois felt hope stir within her. Maybe, just maybe, they'd get out of this without more violence.

"... how did I forget?" Artemis asked wonderingly. Then her expression turned harsh, and her voice filled with venom. "It was foolish of you to have come here, Kara of Atlantis."

"... shit..." Power Girl muttered. Captain America and the armored figure exchanged glances, though what that meant, Lois didn't know.

Artemis drew her sword, and it gleamed in the moonlight, radiating a soft aura of magical power. "Your grandfather's magics will not save you here, Atlantean witch. Surrender, and Queen Diana may grant you the mercy of a swift, painless death."

Power Girl, Kara of Atlantis, or whoever the hell she was, looked to her companions, then. "Try not to hurt them too badly," she said sadly.

Penny was edging away from the battle, but there were more Amazons coming. Dozens. The armed forces of New Themyscira were converging on the disturbance, and however powerful this Kara of Atlantis and her friends might be, they weren't going to defeat an army by themselves. Lois almost shocked herself with her own reaction: despite the fatigue that made any movement all but impossible, she moved up behind Power Girl and her group, dropped into a combat stance, and covered their flank.

Artemis lunged, sword point first, crossing the distance between between herself and Power Girl in the blink of an eye, driving her blade through Power Girl's heart.  through her after-image's heart. There was a crack as Power Girl broke the sound barrier evading the thrust. Three other Amazons hurled their spears, but Captain America was already charging, shield held in front of him. Two spears bounced off that shield with the sound of magically enhanced steel on vibranium alloy. Lois took up a fallen spear just in time to bring it into place to deflect another thrown spear, and the impact of a spear thrown with ten times the strength of a mortal woman nearly sent her sprawling. Lois had trained with the Amazons for thirty two weeks, and she was faster and stronger than she had ever been, but she was mortal: they were not.

The armored figure fired something - beams of light? Force? - from his palms, and an Amazon went down. Lois steadied herself as another spear came flying, this one aimed at Captain America's back even as he slammed his shield into an Amazon. Lois didn't try to block it this time, just to deflect it. It slid off the edge of her spear and hit the ground a few inches short of the Captain's left foot.

Artemis pivoted and slashed her blade through the air where Kara's head had been miliseconds before, and there was another loud crack. Lois lost track of the rest of the battle after that: the first Amazon in the group of reinforcements charged her, and she lived only because the warrior-woman underestimated her. Sometimes, that was enough. The Amazon's spear blade scored across Lois' thigh, cutting deep, blood flowing out as agony lanced through her, but she held her own spear steady and let the other woman's momentum do the rest, piercing through her armor, ribcage, organs, spine, and through the armor again. The amazon sank slowly down to the ground, her eyes wide with shock as the life faded from them.

There was a loud noise and a wave of pressure knocked Lois from her feet. The sound of steel shattering. Artemis' enraged scream.

Lois tried to get up, but she couldn't seem to get her leg under her. It didn't hurt, it was just... there was blood, and it was slippery, and it wouldn't... She couldn't see Penny anywhere.

A woman with auburn hair and orange skin descended from above, shining like a star.

"We need to go!" Power Girl yelled.

"Yeah, I'm getting that impression!" the armored figure replied in a man's voice. "You absolutely sure we can't hurt them?"

"These are good people, Iron Man, I'm NOT going to kill them!"

Lois collapsed to the ground. She could feel her pulse in her leg. She tried to keep pressure on it.

"Use the gem!" Captain America yelled. "Get us out of here!"

They were surrounded, now, above as well as on all sides. Artemis, her sword shattered, took up her bow and arrow once more with a grim look. "Surrender, Kara of Atlantis. It's over."

Iron Man produced the gem and spoke: "Thor, get us out of here."

Artemis actually looked offended at that. "The false thunder-god cannot help you..." she began. Then the world itself seemed to tremble, and she looked about, her eyes wide.

"Surrender," the floating woman said, "Or die."

"Come ON, Thor," Iron Man said again, "Four to beam up!"

A thrown spear took the gem from Iron Man's hands. Kara caught it before it could fly far. The floating woman opened her hand, and a fiery light gathered upon it. Kara looked up. "... Koriand'r," she whispered in pained recognition.

Lois Lane's world dissolved in iridescent glory.



* * *



Earth 616

The Xavier Institute for Higher Learning

Salem Center, NY

Touch. Fingertips and heat. The swell of Irma's breasts beneath clothing that failed to hide anything from the eyes of a Kryptonian. The taste of her lips. It was everything Karen had imagined, and now, just after the Atlantean delegation's visit and the first time alone they'd managed to have in days, she and Irma were determined to make the best of... Karen broke off their kiss off in mid-sentence at the unexpected vibration near her hip, accompanied by a faint buzzing sound. She looked down. "... and my pants are vibrating. How is that a thing?"

Irma's breath had quickened, and both of their clothes were mussed, but they hadn't had time to move any further. Despite her irritation at the interruption, Irma laughed. "Do you really want me to answer that question?" she asked.

Karen looked confused for a moment.  and then she got the joke, and blushed. "Oh."

"It's your phone, Karen," Irma said. "The one Kara left for you?"

"Oh," Karen said. A beat passed. "Oh!" She stood up, straightened her clothes, and then opened the phone. She fumbled with the interface for a few seconds before she could figure out how to bring up Kara Zor-L's text message:

PG: Nightwing, I need you and anyone who's willing to come with you to come to Asgard ASAP. If the Xavier people won't take you, I can have a quinjet sent out.  it's bad. Flashpoint bad. Come quickly.

Karen stared down at the screen, her eyes wide. She wasn't sure what she was feeling. Fear was part of it. Flashpoint. Did that mean it was too late to save all the people Kara knew in the other world? Did that mean it was too late to save... she blinked. To save who? It wasn't like she knew anyone over there, so why was she... to save Max. A shudder passed through her. Someone knocked at the door, but neither she nor Irma were paying it any amount of attention.

"What?" Irma asked. She could have read Karen's mind, but she didn't. "What's wrong?"

The door opened, and Noriko poked her head inside for a moment, checking to see that they were decent before she walked in.

Karen handed Irma the phone, and Irma read the message. "Oh," she said worriedly.

Karen nodded faintly. "Oh."

"Oh?" Noriko asked.

Irma and Karen each gave Noriko a flat look.

"Oh," Noriko said, and held up her hands in a warding gesture, as if to say, 'sorry, none of my business,' before she grabbed a handful of her things from her dresser and walked back out.

Karen let out a breath. "I owe her, Irma. I'm not going to sit around here when she needs my help."

Irma nodded, and met Karen's eyes. "So let's go help her."

END CHAPTER 06

Next: The Day Before

Author's notes:

It's probably obvious, but the scene at the end of this chapter actually takes place before much of what happens in the next chapter. It didn't feel right to go straight from Kara's escape from the world of Flashpoint to Karen attending the Atlantean state visit.





*Chapter 20*: DU: The Day Before


			( we came in?)

Oranges and lemons, say the bells of Saint Clements.

Karen wasn't sure what brought the old nursery rhyme to mind, but it had been stuck in her head for most of the day. It was early afternoon at the Xavier Institute for Higher Learning, and it was a recess period at the moment - the bell would ring in another ten minutes, and Karen was in her room, brooding. It was a late-September day, and fair - warm but not hot - and tonight was the night of the Atlantean state visit. Tonight, Namor, Namorita, and assorted Atlantean dignitaries would be coming for an official state dinner, and she was to be a part of it.  which wouldn't be anywhere near as awkward if she didn't remember murdering all of Namorita's friends and damn near killing her as well. Karen couldn't quite repress a shudder, and tried to think thoughts more Xanderish than Divine-like.

Consequences. Every act had consequences. Every thought. Every whispered word, everything spoken out loud, every action, every inaction. Briefly, sullenly, Karen wondered if the consequences of just not showing up would be worth the relief of not having to be there for the dinner. There was still school today, too, and there was another thing she was considering blowing off. It'd probably annoy the teachers, which had never bothered her when she was Xander, but still...

She was still mulling the thought over when the door opened, and a voice very like Irma's asked, "You're Nightwing, right?"

Karen looked up. One of the new Cuckoos was at her door. "Er... hi."

"Hello," the clone replied, not seeming to realize exactly how awkward this was, which was impossible because Karen knew for a fact the other girl was a telepath just like her sisters.

"Can I help you with something?" Karen asked.

The clone nodded. "You saved us. My sister and me. I wanted to know why."

"What do you mean?"

"I know what you feel for the Phoenix-host. You had her safety. Why did you and your sister take the risk to save us?"

"It was the right thing to do."

"Was it?"

Karen raised an eyebrow, and the clone went on, "You preserved the existence of two parts of a dangerous weapon system intended to destroy mutantkind. Was that really the right thing to do?"

Karen couldn't quite meet the other girl's eyes. "... it's not your fault what you were made for," she said. She was thinking of Divine. How she remembered being Divine. Memories that seemed just as real as her memories of Xander Harris, though much briefer. Divine's only real memories were for the few months she had lived before... everything. Before that, there were the implanted ones, the false childhood she had known even at the time wasn't real, memories given to her simply to allow her to function in human society if it became necessary, but those ones didn't have the substance of the real ones. Those ones were fading.

The girl frowned. "It's not the same, is it?" A beat passed. "I can see it in your mind. Divine was made to help Maxwell Lord prevent a war between humans and metahumans. Even misguided as he was, his purpose was good. And prior to your merging with her, you had been influenced by Kara Zor-L, both by knowing her and by existing within her body. Sublime created me to render mutantkind extinct, and the Phoenix passed judgment, but you saved us anyways."

"Maybe I don't think the Phoenix has the right to decide who lives and who dies."

The clone's frown deepened. "She is the avatar of Life itself. Who has that right if not she?" She paused. "... You believe that no one has that right?"

Uncertainty colored her emotions for several seconds, and then Karen met the clone's gaze. "Do you want to be Sublime's weapon?" she asked.

"What does that have to do with anything?" the clone asked.

"Do you want to be his weapon?"

This time it was the clone who looked away. "... No."

"That's why we saved you."

"To give us the choice?"

Karen nodded. "To give you the choice."

"... what if we chose to be his weapon?"

"Then we'd stop you."

The clone frowned. "But if you failed, you would be responsible for the death of the mutant species."

Karen swallowed. "Yeah," she said.

"To give us a choice," the clone murmured. A pause. "... mother wants us to choose names for ourselves."

Karen raised an eyebrow.

"You chose Nightwing for yourself?"

Karen smiled faintly. "Yeah, I guess that's the code name we're going with."

"How'd you pick it?"

Karen thought about blowing the girl off. Just shutting the door and getting back to her building case of dread of whatever outfits Janet was going to be bringing for her to choose from. No. She wouldn't do that. "Kara picked it. Nightwing and Flamebird are a pair of Kryptonian gods, but they're, uh, also kind of traditional Kryptonian mantles taken up by various superheroes."

The clone nodded, finding more in Karen's thoughts to explain it. By this point, Karen was kind of getting used to people picking things out from her thoughts that she never said aloud. "I see, yes. But the fact that it has been used as a superhero's name before is not why she chose it, is it? The gods called Nightwing and Flamebird were lovers. Mates. Equal and opposite. She chose it for you when Irma, Celeste and Phoebe manifested as the Phoenix?"

Karen looked uncomfortable at that, but nodded. "Yeah." A pause. " So you're trying to pick a name for yourself?" she asked.

The clone nodded. "Mom said I needed to be sure about the name I picked, but all of them seem like just... words."

Karen smiled faintly. "Well, just as long as you don't go with 'Buffy...'"

The clone blinked and looked thoughtful at that. "Buffy," she said, as if tasting the word.

"No," Karen said. "Hell no."

"I kind of like the sound of it."

"Your mom would murder me."

The clone looked visibly disappointed. Then she thought for a moment and asked, "What about Joan?"

Karen shook her head. "I'm not the one who has to live with it."

The clone nodded. "I feel like a Joan."

Karen smiled. "Joan it is."



* * *



Destination Unknown

by P.H. Wise

An X-Men Crossover Fanfic

Chapter 7: The Day Before

Disclaimer: The DC Universe and its associated characters is the property of DC comics. The Marvel Universe and its associated characters is the property of Marvel Entertainment LLC. Buffy the Vampire Slayer is owned by Fran and Kaz Kuzui.



* * *



"Suppose a trolley is running out of control down a track," Ms. Pryde said. "In its path are five people who have been tied to the track by a mad philosopher. You've managed to make it to a control panel and if you flip a switch, the trolley will be diverted onto a different track. Unfortunately, there's a single person tied to that track. Should you flip the switch or do nothing?"

Ethics class, taught by Kitty Pryde. It was later in the day, now. This was Karen's last class. Normally, Emma was the teacher here, but considering what had happened in England, Karen wasn't surprised to see that she wasn't here.

A boy raised his hand, and Kitty called on him. "Yes, Mr. Borkowski?"

"Some of us are way faster than a trolley. Why not divert it onto the track with just one person and then use our mutant abilities to get out in front and rescue them before it can hit them?"

"Yeah," Santo said, nodding his head in agreement, "Or I could just stop the trolley before it gets anywhere near them!"

Kitty smiled thinly. "Let's assume that everyone's got power-suppression collars on. Mad philosopher and all that."

"How did we get them on?" Anole - Victor Borkowski - asked.

"You were captured in an attack on the mansion and it was on you when you woke up."

Victor frowned, but he nodded.

"So," Kitty said, "What do you do?"

Celeste raised her hand, and when Kitty called on her, she said, "You divert the trolley."

"Why?"

"Because the needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few, or the one."

Kitty looked out across the rest of the class. "Does everyone agree with that?"

Karen sank into her chair. Ethics. Funny how she'd thought this sort of thing was a complete waste of time back in Sunnydale. Now, though... she shook her head. There was actually a debate going, now. David was arguing against changing the track, and the class itself seemed split. She'd be more interested in it if she didn't have that gnawing sense of impending doom about meeting Namorita at the dinner.

You owe me five farthings, say the bells of St. Martin's.

"... but you can't just DO that! You can't just decide who lives and who dies. You should be trying to save all of them! And if you push the button, you're becoming part of the problem, not part of the solution..."

"It doesn't matter," Celeste said. "It might not be your fault that the situation is what it is, but if you're in a position where you can change the outcome, isn't not taking action the same as killing the five people on the other track?"

"You can't control the behavior of villains," David said. "You can control how you respond to it. I would refuse to play their sick game."

"And you'd have as good as killed five people when you could have reduced that loss to just one."

"It's not the same thing, and you can't just reduce the value of human lives to numbers. It's not five people dead or one person dead..."

Karen looked up at the clock just in time for the bell to ring, cutting off David in mid sentence.

"For homework," Kitty said, "I want all of you to write your own response to this scenario, and explain why you would do what you do. Class dismissed." The students were already gathering their things to go when she started speaking, and the first was on his way out by the time she finished.

Karen stood up, and Irma was at her side a moment later. "You OK?" the Cuckoo asked.

Karen nodded. "Yeah. I'm just..." she looked at Irma. "I guess I'm just..." she trailed off.

"Terrified out of your mind?" Irma asked with a wry smile.

Karen held up her thumb and forefinger. "Little bit." Then she thought, knowing Irma would hear her, 'How exactly do you say you're sorry for killing someone's friends and putting her in the hospital?'

Irma could have said that Karen wasn't responsible for Divine's actions. That it wasn't her who did them. But in a sense, it had been. Divine hadn't been destroyed: the two had merged. The vast majority of the result was Karen, but Divine was in there, too. So Irma shook her head, and her eyes looked distant. "I don't know," she said.

Nothing more was said. Karen offered her arm, Irma took it, and they left class together.

They walked for a few minutes like that, the whole student body moving around them and the two of them together, arm in arm. The first stop was Karen's room. She dropped off her backpack, and then they moved on to the room that Irma shared with her sisters, where Irma dropped off hers. On the way back down, Karen finally spoke. "... so they shot down my whole, 'let two stupidly powerful mutants under house arrest leave home to go on a date' plan," she said.

Irma rolled her eyes. "Two things. First, you're not a mutant. Second, you didn't expect differently, did you?"

Karen made a show of thinking about it, then once more held up her thumb and forefinger with about an inch between them. "Maybe a little bit," she said, waited a beat, and then finished, "OK, no. But since we've got this state visit by Atlantis thing..."

Irma raised an eyebrow. "State visit by Atlantis thing?"

"I stand by my mangling of the English language," Karen said.

"Right," Irma said. "State visit by Atlantis thing?" Her tone was different this time around.

"Uh, yeah. I was kind of hoping you'd maybe be my date?"

"And delivered with such panache," Irma said. Karen blushed, and Irma took pity. "Of course I will," she said.

Karen's grin seemed to brighten the whole hallway, her fear and her anxiety momentarily forgotten. And without the anxiety, without the fear, she looked at Irma and felt that quivering teenaged nervous expectation, warmth, happiness. Karen hesitated for a second, and then leaned in and kissed the telepathic girl. Irma leaned into it in turn, and Karen's body grew warm with other feelings: with the need to feel Irma's skin under her hands, to feel the other girl pressed against her. She wanted to tell her, to say something that would let Irma know how she felt, what she wanted. The kiss grew more heated, and to her pleasant surprise, Irma's hands slid gently under Karen's blouse, and those hands were very warm...

"Oh," said a girl's voice.

Karen flushed, and Irma did, too. They separated, and Karen glanced towards the person who had found them. Laurie Collins was trying very hard not to stare.

"Sorry," the Laurie said, "I'll just... walk somewhere else."

The moment was over. Karen shook her head, "No, I have to go anyways. Janet's going to be here with those outfits any minute now, and I have to be there when she arrives." She met Irma's gaze. "See you tonight?"

Irma was still blushing, but her tone was far more composed. "Tonight," she replied.



* * *



Valerie Cooper frowned thoughtfully. "Why would HYDRA send a random metahuman to a halfway house for escaped powered criminals in Stamford?"

Jamie shrugged. "A random absurdly powerful metahuman, you mean?" He tossed a bottle of pills in a sealed plastic bag onto the table. They were in Valerie Cooper's office, he and Cooper and Summers. He'd arrived twenty minutes earlier, and Layla was waiting outside the door. Well, she probably was, anyways.

"What's this?" Val asked. She picked up the bag and examined the bottle within. "Mutant growth hormone?"

"The whole thing stank," Jamie said. "I figured something was going down. Turns out, an unknown benefactor's spent a lot of money to provide at least one of the metahuman criminals in that house with a hell of a lot of MGH. Anyone want to take a guess on the suspiciously obvious identity of the group supplying the power boost?"

Valerie grimaced. HYDRA's logo was on the damn bottle.

"OK," Scott said, "So besides sending an unstable and incredibly powerful metahuman to the house, HYDRA was also supplying the inhabitants with MGH. Or someone who would really like us to believe that it's HYDRA. Is that what you're saying?"

Jamie smirked. "Well, yeah, except the way I was going to say it sounded a hell of a lot cooler."

Scott ignored his attitude, and Jamie almost - almost - felt small and petty for having showed it. Scott went on, "A house that the New Warriors just happened to target in the filming of their reality show, resulting in their deaths being broadcast on national television, and, between those deaths and what happened when SHIELD tried to take the girl down, ultimately causing a national panic."

Jamie nodded. "A location leaked to the New Warriors by..." he let the words hang in the air.

Val frowned. "That's a lot of pies to have their fingers in."

Jamie shrugged. "HYDRA's got a lot of fingers."

"I don't see an endgame here," Val said. "Sure, they can create a lot of chaos, stoke national fears over metahumans in general, and Divine's association with Power Girl might direct that more specifically towards anti-mutant backlash. They might have caused a diplomatic incident with Atlantis if Namorita had died, but they couldn't have known exactly how it would all go down. So what's the point of all this?"

"Has HYDRA ever needed an excuse to execute an unnecessarily complicated and elaborate plan without an obvious endgame?" Jamie asked.

"Fair point," Val said, "But even so, they've got to be after something, even if it's not immediately obvious."

Scott looked thoughtful. "They wanted an incident. That much is clear. You don't keep a group of super powered criminals supplied with MGH unless you want an incident. So they tipped off the New Warriors. The New Warriors went in and found their enemies vastly more powerful than they'd expected. Everyone except Namorita is killed..."

"Pretty sure we went over this territory a couple sentences back," Jamie said, perhaps uncharitably.

Scott shot Jamie an annoyed look. "I'm thinking out loud."

"Think a little more quietly, then."

Scott looked even more annoyed at that, and started to say something in an angry tone.

"Gentlemen," Valerie said, cutting him off. Both Scott and Jamie had decency enough to look embarrassed. "All right," she went on. "We've got dots that don't quite connect, but the picture they form is suggestive nonetheless." She looked to Jamie. "Do we have any reason to believe that whoever this is, HYDRA or not, will continue in their efforts to influence Karen?"

Jamie's expression soured. "The base we snuck into? There were pictures all over the wall. Every sighting that's ever been photographed of the Zor-L sisters." He produced an envelope and set it on the table. "My dupe took some photos. That's the last bit of information we've got."

Scott took a breath. "OK. Thanks for your assistance, Madrox."

"I'd say it was a pleasure," Jamie replied, "But, you know."

Scott nodded. "I know."

Val sighed. "Hell of a thing to drop on my last week in charge of this place."

"Last week?" Jamie asked.

Val nodded. "We had one too many incidents here. One too many times having the entire Sentinel Force disabled while an enemy of the X-Men attacked the school. One too many times students ignoring the rules set for them. One too many times Divine, Karen, whoever she is, ignoring her house arrest and flying off to do as she pleased. I don't blame any of the students, but my superiors think things have gotten out of control. I'm being replaced."

Scott looked down. "... Do we know who's being put in charge?"

"Yeah. We do."



* * *



It wasn't so bad. Well, OK, the part of her that still remembered being Xander Harris was hyperventilating at the affront to his masculinity that all of this represented, but besides that, it wasn't so bad.

"Well, what do you think?" Janet asked.

Three outfits were arranged on full size mannequins that matched Karen's measurements precisely, and just looking at them made her blush a little. "They're very... um..." Oh, and that stupid song was still stuck in her head. So there was that, too. When will you pay me? say the bells of Old I grow rich, and all that jazz. I'm gonna rouge my knees and roll my stockings... say the bells of... damn it. OK. So maybe using Chicago to drive out Oranges and Lemons wasn't going to work. Karen turned her attention back to the outfits.

The first was a little black dress. The skirt was pleated, and came down to just below the knees. The bodice and the straps were textured with subtle floral patterns, with a v of smooth fabric starting at the bustline and going down to the naval. It was sleeveless and simple, and to this Janet had added a pearl bracelet and earrings. Karen's fingers went to her unpierced ears, not quite shuddering.

The second outfit was a long, satin and silk gown that seemed silver at first glance, but when the light hit it, revealed subtle shades of rose and gold amidst the silver. A slit went up one leg, and strategic portions of the gown were semi-transparent. Earrings matched the gown, as did a pair of heels.

When she looked at the last outfit, Karen almost sighed in relief. It was a suit. Sort of. It was hard to put a finger on what bugged her about it. Maybe just the fact that it was so obviously fitted for a woman's body - and not just any woman's, but her own. Not quite a tuxedo jacket. Similar, but the way it emphasized the mannequin's figure seemed... strange, and it had a subtle textured pattern to it that she couldn't identify. A white dress shirt. French cuffs, cufflinks, shirt studs. A dark maroon vest. No tie. Black silk stockings. Black trousers with a silk braid covering the outer seams. The shoes that went with it were black leather pumps.

Janet waited. On the mannequins, the suit looked very good, but the gown and the dress looked absolutely amazing. "I, um..." Karen started to say, then trailed off. Janet raised an eyebrow, but if she was otherwise put off by Karen's decidedly nontraditional reaction to having a professional designer present her with three formal outfits, she showed no sign.

Unbidden, an image came into her thoughts: herself in the dress side by side with herself in the gown, her walking into a formal ballroom exactly like the one from Batman Returns, where Bruce and Selina discovered each other's identities. The crowd was full of students from the Xavier Institute, and everyone was looking at her. Staring at her.  desiring her. Her body on display to be desired. Even the suit did that to an extent, but this was, this was... She felt her body shifting. Changing. All at once, she was Xander Harris wearing that gown, the earrings, the high heels. Xander Harris wearing the little black dress, the pearls, the pumps. The crowd was suddenly half Xavier students, half students from Sunnydale High. Larry stood in the front row in full pirate regalia, pointed a finger, and began to laugh. Then everyone in the room was laughing. Laughing and pointing, and shame was burning in her. She tried to explain, tried to tell them that she'd been transformed into a woman, and that if she didn't accept that, she'd go nuts. Nobody listened. They all just stood there, pointing and laughing at Alexander Lavelle Harris in women's clothing.

Someone said something. Karen blinked. "What?"

She was in her room, with Janet. There was no crowd. Nobody was pointing, nobody was laughing.

Janet frowned. "I said, are you all right?"

Karen wasn't fine, but she nodded and said that she was.

"All three are yours, Emma paid up front, but which one would you like to wear tonight?" Janet asked.

"The suit," Karen replied, and her voice sounded distant even to her.

That wasn't the end of it, of course. Putting on the clothes was only step one. Karen wasn't particularly interested in performing the next steps, but Emma had already arranged everything for each of the students that would actually be dining with Atlantean royalty. No sooner had Janet Van Dyne departed when a well dressed African-American twenty something man with a leather briefcase stepped into the room. "Karen, right?" he asked. His voice was a rumbling bass, resonant and strong.

Karen nodded, looking at him in askance. "Yeah. Can I, uh, help you?"

"Weren't you told? I'm here to do your makeup." He gestured to his briefcase.

"... makeup?"

The man raised an eyebrow. "Apparently not," he said. "I'm Robert. Robert Jenkins. Call me Bob." He offered his hand, and after a moment's hesitation, she shook it. "I work for Ms. Van Dyne."

"Right," Karen said. "Why are you here, though?"

"To do your makeup," Bob replied, probably avoiding the 'you're an idiot' tone only through sheer force of will. A beat passed. "Oh, I get it. You prefer the natural look?"

"I prefer to leave my face the way it is," Karen replied. "It's a perfectly good face. Very face-shaped."

Bob nodded. "Most faces are. And it is as broad as it hath breadth; it is just as high as it is, and moves with its own organs. It lives by that which nourisheth it, and the elements once out of it, it transmigrates."

Karen blinked. "What?"

Bob frowned. "Oh. I thought we were referencing Shakespeare. My bad."

Karen tried not to feel like a moron. She was mostly unsuccessful. She sighed. "Right. Look, I don't want any makeup, so why don't you just move on to the next person?"

If Bob was annoyed, he showed no sign of it. Instead, he shrugged. "Sure. I'm hardly going to force you to let me put makeup on you." He nodded to her, turned on his heel, and left.

Karen let out a sigh and sank down onto her bed; she felt a little bad for doing that to Bob. He was just doing his job. It was just that his job involved her wearing makeup. She'd done that before, once. When she'd been redirected to the wrong version of this world - a version where the world she had known existed side-by-side with this one.  and apparently a world where Xander Harris was dating basically all of the female Young Avengers. Concurrently. And they were all somehow fine with this.  yeah, she wasn't sure how that worked, either. The girls had basically ignored her protests and had her made up, taking an unholy joy in 'prettying up girl-Xander,' but just because it had happened once before didn't mean she wanted to do it again.

 OK, if she was going to be honest, it hadn't been that bad. It'd been embarrassing, but the girl she'd seen in the mirror had gone from the 'very attractive' that she normally was to beyond gorgeous, and she'd felt this sense of fierce pride at that, it was just that, well, despite everything she'd been through, she wasn't quite comfortable seeing that girl as 'her.' OK, that wasn't true. Maybe there wasn't a rational reason. Or maybe it was just 'his' lingering experience of having grown up male, and having thought of herself as male. But it was something merging with Divine hadn't helped; Divine's memories hadn't included experience with cosmetics, gowns, or heels.

Twenty minutes passed as she basically sulked in her room, though by the end of it the self-pity had faded into bemusement. Then someone knocked, and a moment later, the door opened again, and in came the etiquette coach.

Only after that was done with was Karen finally free to go out to where the dozen or so students who were attending the dinner were waiting to be let into the house's parlour. Irma was already there when Karen arrived, and so were Noriko, Julian, and Laurie, a few students who only looked vaguely familiar, and both of the new Cuckoos. Karen's mouth went dry at the sight of Irma. Irma in her fiery red dress, with her diamond earrings and bracelet, her hair in an updo that Karen didn't recognize. Their eyes met.

"Good evening, Karen," Irma said. "You look good."

"You look..." Karen trailed off, words momentarily evading her. "Wow." Her cheeks flushed. "I mean good." A beat passed, and her blush deepened. "I mean beautiful."

Irma smiled. "I know what you mean." The doors opened, and together they walked into the parlour.

The Atlantean delegation was already there. Their eyes fell upon her instantly: she and Irma were the first two students through the door, and Karen almost stopped short under the weight of those gazes. Only one was openly suspicious. Only one actually flinched upon seeing her: A girl about her own age, maybe a little older, and strangely lovely, with blue skinned with platinum blonde hair and startlingly blue eyes, a wooden cane resting next to her.



* * *



Karen burst free from the wreckage of the fallen house. "You stupid bastards," she said. "You're all gonna die here."

A fat boy in a green and white costume ran for it, his eyes wide in panic. She felt a flicker of contempt as she picked up a fallen brick and threw it at the back of his head with godlike force. There was a sick crack, and the boy collapsed like a puppet whose strings had been cut.

Another boy in a blue costume with blonde hair zoomed forward, balls of colored light all but swarming around him. He hit her in the face, and the force of the impact blasted her backwards, though her feet didn't leave the ground. It stung, but only barely. "Immune to kinetic impact, huh? Let's see how you do against heat." Her vision shifted. Red overwhelmed everything, and what she looked at died. She was the boy burn in perfect clarity, reduced from a living human to bits of ash in less than a second, but her Kryptonian eyes saw it all as if it had taken minutes.

"You bitch!" Namorita screamed. "You killed them! You evil bitch!"

"Are you going to run away like your friend?" Karen asked casually.

Namorita readied herself. She moved, lunging forward, swinging for Karen's face.

Karen didn't feel like taking another hit to the face. She sidestepped Namorita's attack and then punched her in the chest. The girl flew backwards through the fence, across the street, and into the side of a school bus. The sound of shrieking metal filled the air, and...



* * *



Namorita Prentiss. That was girl's name. A sense of sick horror rose up in Karen's chest. That memory felt like it had happened yesterday. Irma squeezed her hand.

All but two had the same blue skin as the girl. Most were dressed all in white, though Namorita wore white and orange, and the Caucasoid woman dressed formally in white, but Namor himself wore black and gold, a more formal version of his chest-baring costume with a crown resting lightly upon his brow.

"Hello, Divine," Namor said, his voice strong and resonant.

The students behind Karen and Irma stopped short, as if sensing something were amiss.

Karen shook her head. "I'm not her."

"We shall see. But come, join us, partake of the refreshments Xavier's school has offered."

Karen gulped, tried not to look around nervously, and walked forward to stand before the king of Atlantis.

"I thought Ms. Frost explained," Karen began.

"I have known Emma for many years, child," Namor said. "I want you to explain. Not the cheerful fantasy that was given to SHIELD and the Avengers. The truth." He gestured to an empty seat nearby. "Sit."

Karen sat. She glanced at the other students in the room, then back to Namor.

"They will not hear our conversation," Namor said.

'He's right.' It was Irma's telepathic voice. 'I'm standing ten feet away, and everything you both say sounds like background noise.'

The teachers were walking in now. First Scott then Logan and Kitty and Pietr, Ororo and Hank. Without saying a word, Scott and Logan positioned themselves near Namor, with Kitty, Pietr, and Ororo spreading out throughout the room to supervise students. No Emma.

Karen looked at the floor. She could hear her own heart pounding in her ears. Granted, she could always hear that, plus the heartbeats of everyone nearby, but it was louder than normal. She looked up at Namor, grew momentarily distracted by his internal organs, and then focused on his exterior. On his eyes. She could still see the x-ray view, but she also saw everything else, and it was everything else that she chose to attend to.  at least that song wasn't stuck in her head any... oh, right, there it was again. All it had taken was thinking about it again. It occurred to her that she was delaying. Distracting herself. The only ones who knew her full story were the teachers and her team. The thought of explaining everything to the king of Atlantis didn't appeal to her, but if she had to do it, well... "My name is Karen Zor-L," she said. "And the reason my sister was introduced as Karen Zor-L is that I used to share a body with her, and when we met, I was in charge."

Namor raised an eyebrow, and the shape of his eyebrow combined with the ease with which he made the gesture reminded Karen of nothing so much as Spock. She didn't mention that outloud. "Perhaps you should start at the beginning," Namor said.

She did. It was difficult at first. It felt like she was confessing her sins, but the story came out, piece by piece, starting with his first meeting with Buffy Summers, how they came to help her as the Slayer, then moving on to Halloween, the costume he wore, and her waking up in the sky above New York. She told Namor about her time with the Fantastic Four, of the test, of her running away, the fight with the man made out of sand, being sent to Xavier's. She told him about Kara's manifestation, of the discovery that she wasn't in his transformed body: she was in Kara's body. On and on. The discovery of the way back, Doctor Strange's assistance, the damaged draconian katra, the portal opening, and her breaking the circle when Irma called for help. The battle with Divine, the Sentry, and Namor himself. The use of the draconian katra.

"... and when I pressed it against her hand and activated it, it shunted me into her body. We fought in her mind. I won. For all intents and purposes, Divine died. It's just me now."

Throughout the thirty minute story, Namor said little, but listened attentively. Occasionally he asked a question for clarification, but otherwise he let her tell the story at her own pace. When she had finished, silence fell between them. She could hear the buzz of conversation from the rest of the room, but it was a distant, muted thing. The silence held for nearly a minute as the king of Atlantis considered her story, his eyes fixed upon hers, as if he could judge the truth of her words by reading it in her gaze. Then, just as the silence was growing unbearable, he nodded. "I believe you," he said. He tapped one of his jeweled rings with his index finger, and the conversation all around was fully audible again. He met the gaze of Scott Summers. "I am satisfied," he said. "The girl is not Divine." Then he looked to Karen again. "You may join your friends, Miss Zor-L."

Karen let out a breath she hadn't realized she was holding. "Thank you," she managed, rose to her feet, and joined the other students.



* * *



It was still the cocktail hour, though cocktails weren't actually being served. Still, a table was laden with appetizers and (non-alchoholic) drinks. Karen didn't actually know the names of most of the students who'd been allowed to attend the event, but she knew most of them by sight all the same. She and Irma talked and mingled for a few minutes before making their way over to the appetizer table. Karen was tempted to eat more than her fill here, but managed to restrain herself. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Noriko approach the new Cuckoo - not Joan, but the other one.

"Hey Mindee," Noriko started.

Both Irma and the clone looked up. "What?" they both said.

Noriko started to say something, but then Irma blinked and looked at the clone, speaking before Noriko could get more than the initial sound out of her mouth. "Wait, what? You can't be Mindee."

The clone made a face. "Why not?" she asked.

"Because I was Mindee."

"So? You don't want to be Mindee."

"But that doesn't mean you can be Mindee."

"Why not?"

Irma glared. "...I..." Karen saw the frustration building in her expression, briefly thought about intervening, and then thought better of it. "Because! That's why!"

The clone frowned, thought about it, then asked, "Can I be Irma, then?"

"No! I'm Irma!"

"Then I'll be Mindee."

"No!"

Mindee looked annoyed. "You can't have both!"

Noriko tried not to stare, and held up a hand. "... I'll ask you later," she said, and moved off.

Mindee glared at Irma, then called after Nori, "Wait, Noriko!" and followed her.

Irma glanced sidelong at Karen. "Not a word," she said.

Karen couldn't quite keep the smile off her face. "I'm not saying anything," she said.

They talked for another few minutes before Irma said, quite suddenly, "So are you going to talk to Namorita?"

Karen's good mood evaporated. "... Nope," she said, though she hesitated.

"You're probably not going to get another chance. At least not anytime soon."

"Sounds good to me."

Irma fixed her with a level look. "Come on, Karen," she said. "You need to talk to her. Say something to her. You'll regret it if you don't. I'll be right here."

Karen sighed. "... I know. All right, all right." She turned away from Irma and made her way over to the person she'd tried not to look at, tried not to think about for the last forty minutes.

Namorita sat up as she approached, her cane now in her lap. She didn't say anything, and her face was completely without expression.

Karen stood in front of her, trying to think of something to say. Anything. It grew more and more awkward. She looked back at Irma, and Irma smiled encouragingly. "Hey," she managed at last.

Namorita looked at her, unflinching. "Hey," she replied, her tone neutral.

Karen looked at the ground. "I just wanted you to know that I'm really, really sorry for what happened to you."

Namorita sank back down into the couch and shook her head. "You don't have to be," she said distantly. "You're not her. You look like her, but you're... you're not."

Guilt welled up inside Karen's heart. She remembered. She remembered how good it had felt when Divine had killed the New Warriors. She remembered wiping them out as if they'd been bugs. How easy it had been! How like a god Divine had felt! She shuddered. She managed to look up. "I'm not," she echoed. "But I'm still sorry."

Namorita Prentiss's eyes gained focus. She looked Karen in the eye and held her gaze until Karen looked away. It didn't take long. The cocktail hour went on around them. The sound of conversation. A joke told across the room. A glass being refilled. Someone laughed. Karen looked at the floor.

"How many of that body's memories do you have?" Namorita asked.

Karen looked up in shock. "What?"

Namorita nodded. "I thought so." A pause. "Listen to me, Karen Zor-L," she said, her voice cold. "Whatever part of you is still Divine, that part of you I can never forgive. But you, the part that was you before you gained that body, have nothing to be forgiven for."

That didn't make Karen feel better, but she nodded. "I, uh, I appreciate that."

"Good," Namorita said. "Because that's the best I can do."

Karen let out a breath, and then nodded once again. "It was, uh, nice meeting you, Namorita."

Namorita remained silent.

"Hey, I just saw someone I need to talk to, so, uh... see you around."

Namorita said nothing.

Karen stepped away. "Hey," she told the random student that she'd seen out of the corner of her eye. He looked vaguely familiar.

The student blinked. "Er, hi," he said.

"Pretend we know each other," she told him. Karen thought about it. Oh yeah. She remembered. He was one of the guys that was openly leering at her the other day when she and Irma had kissed in the hall. And he was staring at her chest.

"Uh, right," he said, forcing his gaze upwards to meet her eyes. "Hey Karen. You liking this, uh, gathering?"

"It's nice," she replied. "Unexpected, but nice. I'm glad Namorita is recovering, too." And then they were out of Namorita's line of sight, and Karen let out the sigh she'd been holding back.

"We done?" the boy asked.

"Yup," Karen confirmed.

"Awesome." He rejoined his friends by the punch bowl.

Then Irma was at her side, and it was better.



* * *



Consequences. Every act had consequences. Every thought. Every whispered word, everything spoken out loud, every action, every inaction. Emma Frost knew this well, and it was a bitter lesson.

"What do you think?"

Emma didn't look at the speaker. Didn't take her eyes off the images of her two newest daughters on the screen, each of them sitting down at the formal dining table, looking unsure of themselves. Laurie Collins sat down with them. The sound was off. She couldn't hear the conversation. The girls smiled innocently as Laurie showed them how to use their silverware. Another girl - Noriko - laughed good naturedly at the sight, said something to the other girls.

Emma Frost had been in her office ever since she'd returned from England. She hadn't slept, and she'd left only briefly to shower, change her clothes, and re-apply her make-up. She looked fresh, wide-awake. She wasn't. "They're too soft," She said. "I need to toughen them up. If I teach them how to..."

The dinner began, and the girls each tried the soup. Identical expressions of delighted surprise lit up their faces.

"You already have three daughters just like you, Emma. They killed nine hundred and ninety-three of their sisters, remember?"

The temperature in the room seemed to drop, and Emma turned to direct an icy glare at the speaker. The elegant blonde woman in the mirror met her gaze with equal fury, with equal hurt and heartache half-hidden in her eyes.

"Shut up," Emma whispered.

Her reflection did not reply.



* * *



The dinner was over, and a long evening drew towards its completion. The notes are the same. We've heard this song before. Two young women together in bed, about to make love to each other for the first time. Their clothes were mussed, and could come off at any moment. Their building passion interrupted by an unexpected message. The smartphone was a new thing to the girl who owned it. Strange and novel. The message set her eyes wide:

PG: Nightwing, I need you and anyone who's willing to come with you to come to Asgard ASAP. If the Xavier people won't take you, I can have a quinjet sent out.  it's bad. Flashpoint bad. Come quickly.

An interruption and a decision. Choice and consequence.

Karen let out a breath. "I owe her, Irma. I'm not going to sit around here when she needs my help."

Irma nodded, and met Karen's eyes. "So let's go help her."

(isn't this where...)

END CHAPTER 07

Next: Across the Rainbow Bridge, Part III





*Chapter 21*: DU: Across the Rainbow Bridge, Part III


			"Not yet," Layla said. "We have to stay."

Jamie Madrox stopped short. He'd been about to leave. The Xavier Institute wasn't really a place that felt welcoming to him anymore. Not for a while. Disagreements with the management. For all that he'd come to specialize in dealing with the unexpected and the unanticipated, he pretty much knew the drill every time he showed up at Xavier's. Attend to business. Trade insults with Summers. Show contempt for his fellow mutants that only part of him actually felt. Get asked to leave. Lather, rinse, repeat. "Why?" he asked. It was a question he was asking a lot these days, though rarely out loud.

The Atlantean dinner had let out half an hour ago, and the mansion was beginning to quiet down. A few students still wandered here and there. Layla looked up at him. "I told you. I have a sense of what's to come from a distance away. How things might turn out, and should turn out. I know we're supposed to be here today, and we're supposed to help Karen."

"And you can't tell me why."

"Nope."

Jamie tried to keep his rising irritation under control. "I've been patient up till now, but this is getting old, Layla. You playing little miss cryptic, doling out vague references to our future along with a bunch of philosophical crap about butterflies and hurricanes, and all of us being led around by the nose. If you're not willing to level with me, why should I do anything you say?" Rising irritation? Not so much under control.

"You could call a cab. Send me back to the orphanage."

Jamie didn't move, and slowly his anger and frustration began to drain away. Part of him wanted to do exactly what she'd suggested. But that was kind of the problem. Part of him wanted to do a lot of things. There was always a part that wanted to do something. Another part wanted to listen. A third part was upset about missing dinner. Another wanted to go back and tell Scott Summers something really insulting that he'd only just thought of but would have been really satisfying to have said in their previous conversation. Yet another wanted to do something unexpected. Yet another part thought he was being mean, and another part suggested that if he really wanted to, he could stomp his foot a bit, create some dupes, and do every single thing that every part of him wanted.

"You suck at decision-making," Layla said.

Jamie didn't say anything.

Somewhere upstairs, a door slammed open, the sound muted by long hallways but still audible to the two mutants where they stood. A split second later, a moving blur resolved into a tall, busty, incredibly fit black-haired girl, who took a second to glance around and reorient.

"Karen," Layla said.

The girl's head snapped around. "Hey. Er... you." There was no recognition in her eyes, but that didn't surprise Layla. "Look, I'm a little busy at the moment, so whatever it is, it'll have to..."

"You're gonna want to listen to us," Layla said. "We're here to help."

Karen raised an eyebrow. "Seriously?" At Layla's nod, Karen looked thoughtful. "OK," she said, gesturing towards Jamie, "I know you're the guy who runs X-Factor Investigations," she looked at Layla, "But who are you?"

"I'm Layla Miller."

"She knows stuff," Jamie said.



* * *



Destination Unknown

by P.H. Wise

A Flashpoint Crossover Fanfic

Chapter 8: Across the Rainbow Bridge, Part III

Disclaimer: The DC Universe and its associated characters is the property of DC comics. The Marvel Universe and its associated characters is the property of Marvel Entertainment LLC. Buffy the Vampire Slayer is owned by Fran and Kaz Kuzui.



* * *



Steve Rogers shut his communicator and replaced it on his belt. The message he had sent was simple enough: "Avengers, assemble!" and the cordinates for Asgardia.

"We should put in a call to Xavier's, too," Steve said.

Tony frowned. "... maybe it's not such a good idea to bring them into this," he said.

Steve raised an eyebrow.

"They haven't been the most reliable lately."

"What are you talking about?"

Tony thought back. "I'm..." he trailed off. The last time the X-Men had done something questionable that he was aware of was... was when the Scarlet Witch went mad and wound up reordering reality to her whim. Since then, they'd been nothing if not accommodating and cooperative with the Avengers. He frowned. "... not sure," he finished.

Steve frowned, taking in his confused expression, his uncertain body language. "Are you feeling well?"

Tony smiled a bit ruefully. "Maybe I should have listened when the doctor said I needed some time to recover after what Ultron did to me."

"Maybe. You've been odd lately." He paused, and then his expression grew more serious. "Which reminds me. Tony, we need to talk."

Tony grimaced as he took note of the 'disappointed father' look on Steve's face. "OK, what'd I do?"

"About Kara."

"What about her?"

Steve looked Tony in the eye. "You need to back off," he said.

Tony looked at Steve for a second. "No. What I need is eight or nine shots of whiskey before we can have this conversation. Unfortunately, I can't have that, because I'm still on the sobriety train, so neither can you."

"I'm serious," Steve said. "The way you act around her is inappropriate."

"Inappropriate?" Tony asked incredulously. "Steve, it's me. This isn't about her age, is it? Because she's twenty five."

"That's exactly the problem."

Tony's tone grew even more incredulous. "You don't really think I'm taking advantage of her just by flirting with her, do you? Are we talking about the same girl? She could break me like a twig if she wanted to."

"What I think is that while she may be twenty five years old, her body is only seventeen. You're one of the leaders of the Avengers, we operate out of your tower, and it doesn't matter in the eyes of the law that she was twenty five before she was de-aged: she's seventeen. The ID we made for her says as much."

Now Tony was getting annoyed, and it showed. "What's your point, Steve?"

"My point is that I think you bring out the worst in each other, that she's turned you down repeatedly and you haven't stopped, and that even if she was interested, it would still be a bad idea given the simple math that she's physically seventeen, and you're..."

"A genius billionaire playboy philanthropist?" Tony interrupted.

"Forty," Steve finished.

Tony glared. "You're eighty four."

"You don't see me hitting on her, do you? Come on, Tony. You're smarter than and I lead this team. You can't keep pushing unwanted sexual advances on a teammate."

Tony fell silent for several moments. "... I know," he said. He shook his head. "I can't explain it. There's just something about her that... grabs me." Steve saw where Tony was going with that immediately: he'd just taken the first step in shifting the blame for his own behavior onto Kara. He gave Tony a disapproving look. For a moment, it looked like Tony was going to try to defend himself further, but then he stopped and let out a sigh. "I'll behave," he said. "Promise."

They shook on it. And then Captain America took out his communicator once more. "Xavier's," he said.

Tony nodded.



* * *



Lois Lane woke up in a soft bed. It was warm, and her leg throbbed with the dull pain of a severe wound that had been healing for days. For a moment, her thoughts seemed lined with heavy wool. Then her eyes gained focus. She lay beneath smooth white sheets and furs of every sort, her head on soft white pillows. The room was strange: it was open to the sky, and a carefully tended grove of trees stood at its center. All around the trees grew herbs that filled the room with a pleasant, earthy scent.

She felt... comfortable.

The door opened, and a woman entered. She was slender and young, with reddish blonde hair, blue eyes, and fair skin, dressed all in brown and green. She spoke, and her voice was like music. "Ah, you're awake. Good."

Lois watched the woman approach her bed. She had to swallow twice before she could speak. "Who are you? Where am I?"

The woman smiled. "I am Eir, goddess of healing, and you are in the city of Asgardia."

Of all the possible replies, that hadn't been high on Lois' list of expectations. "... Huh." Her eyelids drifted briefly shut.

"Lady Kra and the mortals who brought you here will wish to know that you are awake." A warm hand pressed against Lois's forehead. "No sign of fever. Good. I believe the worst is over."

"How long was I out?" Lois opened her eyes. The room was empty. She looked about. No sign of Eir. Presently, the door opened, and instead of Eir, the girl Artemis had called Kara of Atlantis stepped through the door.

"How long?" Lois asked again.

Kara's lips twitched as if in the effort of trying not to smile. "A few hours."

Lois blinked. "A few hours?" she asked incredulously. Eir. Goddess of healing. Asgardia. "The Norse gods are allied with Atlantis, then?" she asked.

Kara shook her head. "Not exactly, no. I know what Artemis said, but I'm not Atlantean."

Lois sat up, ignored both her own exhaustion and the dull throbbing pain in her thigh, and tried to recall what she remembered about Norse mythology. "... Vanir, then?" she asked. She was taking this way better than she'd ever thought she could. Then again, she'd just spent thirty plus weeks training under the Amazons of Themyscira in an attempt to infiltrate their power structure and learn of their plans, and only missed out on becoming immortal herself by a few hours, so maybe her weirdness quotient was just full up.

This time Kara did smile. "Depends on who you ask," she said. "But no. Kryptonian." She let a beat pass, and the smile faded. "I believe you've already met my cousin."

Lois frowned. "I haven't met..."

"It was a long time ago. You were both children."

Lois's eyes widened. The boy. She was talking about the boy who was part of her father's project in Metropolis. It had been what had driven her to become a reporter in the first place: uncovering the truth about that boy, and what had really happened in New York the year she was born. The government had called it a terrorist attack. Three whole city blocks in the middle of downtown Metropolis destroyed when something had fallen from the sky. But it hadn't been a missile: it had been a ship. The government had covered it up, took the ship, took the boy and the dog that had been within, and folded it all into her father's super-soldier project: Project Superman. Kara was his cousin. "You're going to break him out."

Kara nodded. "Probably."

Lois looked Kara in the eye. They were the same eyes. The same blue eyes as the boy she'd met as a child. There were other similarities, too. The shape of the nose. The set of the eyes. The smile. Hell, if Kara'd had black hair instead of blonde, she'd have looked like his sister. "There are good people who work on that project," she said.

"I'll be careful. I don't kill people." She shook her head. "It's not what I do."

Lois studied Kara's eyes for a moment before nodding. "Thank you."

"Hey," Kara said, "It's the least I can do for cross-temporal family." She winked. Lois wasn't sure how to respond to that, but Kara seemed to blur around the room, picked up a pair of crutches from where they had rested against the far wall, returned to Lois's bedside, held them out to her, and spoke, all before she could reply. "You feel well enough to meet the others?"

Lois took the crutches, moved to the side of the bed, and then, very carefully, stood up. Her muscles groaned in protest, but she managed not to aggravate her leg. "Absolutely," she said



* * *



The flight to Asgardia took the better part of three hours. As the Blackbird set down on a landing pad next to one of the Avengers' quinjets. The landing pad was oddly incongruous with the rest of the city - a little piece of ordinary Earth technology in the midst of the flying city of the Norse gods. A giant ash tree stood just behind the largest cluster of towers on the city's largest island, looming above them, tall and strong, its branches wide, giving shade to all below it.

"Wow," Karen whispered. Here and there, the Norse gods walked the streets, strong, tall and mighty.

Irma walked down the ramp next, dressed in her blue and white uniform, a faint smile upon her lips. "Wow is right," she said.

Behind Irma came the Surge, Hellion, Prodigy, Dust, Elixir, X-23, Mercury, and Rockslide - Noriko, Julian, David, Sooraya, Joshua, Laura, Cessily, and Santo - all in their black and gold uniforms as the New X-Men. After the New X-Men cleared the ramp, two more exited the plane behind them, the first a handsome dark haired man of average height with a long leather jacket and otherwise ordinary clothes, the second a blonde girl who couldn't be older than fourteen, her hair in pigtails, dressed in a white tank top, a denim skirt, black and red leggings, and tennis shoes.

Power Girl was there waiting for them at the edge of the platform. A woman on crutches was next to her: a weirdly familiar, beautiful, fierce looking woman with black hair and blue eyes.

"Hey Karen," Power Girl called.

"Hey," Karen replied. "I brought everyone I could."

Kara nodded. "I'm impressed. Scott and Emma let you leave with your entire team plus a Blackbird?"

Karen's laugh was a little too loud, and the others exchanged nervous looks. "Kind of."

Kara raised an eyebrow. "... Ah. So you did it behind their backs, took the Blackbird without permission, and nobody actually has clearance to be outside of Xavier's?"

"Not exactly, but close."

Kara sighed. "Well, I'm glad you came anyways." She gestured to Karen. "Lois, this is my sister, Karen Zor-L." She gestured to Lois. "Karen, meet Lois Lane."

Lois Lane. At the invocation of that mythic name, Karen's whole world seemed to screech to a stop. She recognized the woman now, and despite her being much younger than Karen had ever pictured her, she couldn't for the life of her understand why she hadn't recognized her immediately. This was Lois. Freaking. Lane. Her eyes widened slowly, and her whole body language changed. The weight in her heart lifted, and her mouth dropped open slightly. Then she began to smile, the smile quickly widening into a full blown grin. "Lois Lane?" she asked.

The mutants present - Irma excepted - exchanged confused looks, and Lois seemed just as confused, but nodded. "Um," Lois said, "Yeah."

"The Lois Lane?"

"Only one I know about," Lois replied, now more bemused than baffled.

Karen laughed, a sense of wild euphoria racing through her, and then...



* * *



"I did not!" Karen insisted as they walked into the entrance hall of Himinbjrg, citadel of Heimdall. She was STILL blushing, which wasn't doing anything to give her denials credibility.

"You totally did," Noriko replied.

"No I didn't!"

"You squeed worse than Spider-Man the first time he met Captain America."

"I didn't!" Karen paused. "And how would you even know if Spider-Man squeed when he met Captain America?"

"It's kind of legendary," Julian said.

"Hey," Cessily said, not quite able to keep the grin off of her face, "It's cool. Rock that fangirl thing, Karen. Nobody's judging you."

Karen gave them all sour looks. "I just want you to know that I hate all of you."

"Thou spakest true," a deep male voice said, its tone one of wonderment. "If not for the difference in hair, I could not discern which was Kra and which not."

Karen looked at the speaker, taking in his features, his garb, her eyes gaining focus as she employed her telescopic vision to read the inscription on the hammer he carried. "Doesn't Thor have red hair?" she wondered aloud. Thor raised an eyebrow, and Karen quickly backtracked. "Not that there's anything wrong with blondes. I, uh, I have plenty of blonde friends." Then it occured to her that she might have just made things even worse, blushed, and imagined herself being burned to a crisp by the lightning of an angry Thor. "So, um, please don't smite me." 'Suave, Karen,' she thought sarcastically, 'Very Suave. You are the prince of cool.'

"Plenty of blonde friends?" Irma asked with a dangerous note in her voice.

"Aren't you invincible?" Santo asked.

Not to magic. She didn't voice that out loud, but it was there in her thoughts. "Uh... can we go back and start this conversation over?"

Thor laughed. "Yes, now I see the differences. Come, if we are to save Kra's world, we must all act quickly. The time for explanations has come, but let them be swift."

The Avengers were waiting at the very threshold of Bifrst. Captain America, Iron Man, Spider-Man, Spider Woman, Luke Cage, Ms. Marvel, and... and... 'Oh shit,' Karen thought.

Wolverine leaned against the wall in his full yellow costume, a lit cigar in his mouth.

"Uh... hey Logan," Cessily said nervously.

Wolverine smirked. "Hey yourself," he said.

When Wolverine didn't say anything else, Cessily spoke again, "Er, you're not going to send us back?"

"Ya want me to?"

"Of course not!"

Wolverine nodded. "Good."

"Let's get down to business," Kara said. "I need you all to understand what you're walking into. I know you all said you'd help, but if you change your mind after you hear this, I'm not going to hold it against you. Karen and I will go by ourselves if we have to. It's not your world that's in danger. It's ours." She paused, waiting until she had everyone's attention. "It's called the Flashpoint," she said at last.

"OK," Spider-Man said, "I'll bite. What's the Flashpoint?"

"It all comes back to time travel," Kara explained. "A good man, a friend, discovered that the reason his mother had died when he was a child was because one of his enemies had gone back in time and murdered her. Just to make him suffer. For hate's sake. No other reason. He didn't take it well."

"Let me guess," Tony said. "He went back in time to save her, and things got a little out of hand?"

"Pretty much," Karen said. "When the Flash went back in time to prevent his mother's murder, he screwed up the whole planet. He saves his mother's life, but doing it makes him the butterfly of doom and alters history willy nilly, and now it's apocalypse season and the people who would normally deal with it either don't exist anymore or are part of the problem."

David and Noriko exchanged glances. "That sounds like an incredibly dangerous situation," David said, "It's tragic, yes, but how does us jumping into it help anything?"

"Here's the thing. We already know what's going to happen. The whole world is going to be destroyed, but at the moment it dies, the Flash is going to run back to stop himself from going back in time in the first place."

David raised an eyebrow. "So the problem is going to solve itself? I'm asking again, how does our jumping into it help anything?"

"When time resets, it resets wrong. When the Flash is in the time stream, this woman shows up out of nowhere and feeds him this lie about the history of heroes being divided into three, and how she wants his help to recombine it. He agrees, apparently because he's a gullible schmuck. Three timelines become one timeline, and everything's different. Three universes wiped out, a new one put up in their place. Nobody remembers the old world. And people are missing. People who now just... never existed. Important people. One of them is a girl named Atlee."

Lois spoke up, then, "Are you telling me that my entire world and everything I remember is some big mistake? That the entire course of my life and everyone else's on Earth was derailed by one man trying to save his mother's life?" She grew angrier as she spoke. "I suppose he's responsible for the war between Themyscira and Atlantis, too? It's his fault that Grodd exterminated half the humans in Africa? That Atlantis sent tidal waves to destroy Europe?" When she saw the expression on Karen and Kara's faces, her mouth dropped open slightly. "Oh my God, that IS what you're saying, isn't it? Look, my world may not be perfect, but that doesn't mean you can just destroy it to bring back some other version of it that you happen to prefer."

Karen looked away. Kara didn't. "It doesn't work that way, Lois," Kara said. "Your world is going to be destroyed anyways. Even if we save it from the Atlanteans and the Amazons, there's something worse rampaging through the cosmos, and without the heroes of Earth to stop them, the Black Lanterns are in the process of destroying all life in your universe. We can't stop that. What we can decide is whether or not three other worlds die as well."

"So because you think my world is doomed, you expect me to help you end it in order to bring back a version of it that I don't and won't remember, to be replaced by some other version of me that won't really be me?"

No one said anything for a long moment.

"Do you want to?" Layla asked.

Lois looked at the girl. "Want to?" she asked.

"Remember."

"I don't understand."

"I can help you to understand. To remember. But it will change you."

Luke Cage seemed to notice Layla for the first time. "You..." he muttered.

Lois hesitated. "How will it change me?"

"You'll remember your life in Kara's world," Iron Man said, and something in his voice suggested he was speaking from experience. "You'll still be you, but you'll remember both lives."

Layla nodded. "Wanna see what they're fighting for?" she asked.

Lois stared at Layla. Karen could hear her heartbeat quickening. She hesitated for what seemed like an eternity, and then nodded. "... Do it."

Layla smiled. "Okey-dokey," she said. Her eyes flared with green light. A second later, that same light burned in Lois' eyes. Irma winced and looked away. A single tear flowed down Lois' cheek. Then it was over.

"... Clark..." Lois whispered, her eyes wide, her eyes glistening with unshed tears. She looked at Kara. "Kara," she said, and put a hand to her forehead. "Oh my God. Kara, they put Clark in a CAGE. My own father... we have to get him out of there!"

Kara smiled, and her voice was thick with her own emotions when she spoke, "We'll get him out. It's good to have you back, Lois."

Karen's jaw hung open, and a sense of creeping horror crawled up and down her spine. "Are you still you?" she asked, though she feared that whatever Lois might say, the answer was probably 'no.'

Lois looked down at herself, then up at Karen, leaning against Kara for support. "I think so," she said. "... I still feel like me, at least. It's strange. I can remember the moment it changed, both times. It was after work. Clark and I were having a night in. We were in the middle of dinner, and then... it was like falling asleep."

Karen nodded, her sense of horror fading into a deep unease. "What do you think now that you remember?" she asked.

Lois shook her head. "I still don't think we can just erase the universe, even if we're going to bring back the old world. We have to do something. Save as many as we can. Even if they're going to die anyways, we're in a position to do something. They don't deserve to die, and they don't deserve to just cease existing, either."

"So bring them here," Captain America said.

"Would that work?" Lois asked.

"It worked for Power Girl and her sister," Captain America said.

Lois frowned, and looked at Kara, "Since when did you have a sister, anyways?" she asked.

Kara shook her head. "That's not important right now. What's important is that the Captain's right. We weren't affected by the changes. ... because we were here."

The explanations went more smoothly after that. Karen and Kara took turns speaking, each relating what they knew. Half an hour later, with the plan agreed to, they prepared to step onto the Rainbow Bridge.

"OK," Spider-Man said, "We go to the new universe, we save as many people as we can, we get as much support as we can using Layla's powers, we warn Flash Gordon about the probably not Galifreyan Time Lady..."

"And we prevent the destruction of three universes," Kara finished. She took a breath and clenched her fist. "There's no unstoppable anti-matter wave this time, no Anti-Monitor, no red skies. I am NOT letting this happen again."

Before anyone could ask her what she meant by that last, she stepped onto the Rainbow Bridge, and was gone. Karen was about to follow when Santo pointed at something above the entrance to the courtyard and asked in a very small voice, "Um... guys? Who's that?"

Karen turned. There, floating in the air just above the door that led into the citadel, was a strange bald robed being, his head disproportionately large, his eyes glowing, a sense of power all about him. Karen took an involuntary step back... and onto Bifrst. The light took her.



* * *



Flashes in the dark. Stars and galaxies whirled past. At the outer walls of reality, at the very edge of the expansion wave of the Big Bang itself, something moved in the darkness. A vast fleet poured out from the Crunch Zone, dark and deadly, and Karen had a brief glimpse of the wreckage of untold hundreds of enormous spheroid space stations all in a cluster around the outer barrier. Then the Rainbow Bridge carried her through, and everything went white.

Her vision seemed to clear, but the white didn't fade: it simply took the form of walls, floor, and ceiling. A white room. It was pleasantly cool, and there was a faint breeze, but no features otherwise. A strange little man stood a few feet away, dressed all in orange and purple, and he looked... really, really familiar. He was old but not infirm. There was a certain cherubic quality to his face that suggested youth despite his crow's feet and the wispy white hair. There was a mischievous light in his eyes, and he wore a tiny, undersized purple bowler hat. Even as she saw him, he lifted a finger to his lips. "Shhh," he said, his voice a near whisper, and he winked. "Oblivion doesn't need to know about you."

"Who are you?" Karen asked, lowering her voice to match his.

"A friend," the strange little man replied. "We'll play some games together soon, I think. But not today."

Karen opened her mouth, but before she had time to say anything else, the room was gone, and the strange little man with it.

It came in a flash. Darkness and heat and sound and color as she emerged from the path of Bifrst onto the solid ground. Pavement beneath her feet. The sounds of a city. It was night. The stars shone brightly above, and the moon was waxing. And all around her rose a somber, almost gothic skyline. Dark, looming, gargoyled skyscrapers climbed cancerously towards the stars, with skybridges like spider webs against the night sky.

A chill went down Karen's spine as she recognized her surroundings: this could only be Gotham City. But this was weird: someone had turned Gotham into Vegas. There were Casinos everywhere. Lights everywhere. Billboards. Electronic advertisements. Not just what you'd expect in a normal city, but loud, glitzy, and everywhere. Oh, and people were screaming, and the crowds on either side of the street parted in panic: her arrival had not gone unnoticed. She had time enough to realize that she'd landed in the middle of the street before something heavy hit her in the back and sent her tumbling and then skidding across the pavement. "... Ow," she said, though it hadn't hurt her so much as it had surprised her. She got up, and met the terrified eyes of the cab driver with her own. His bumper was a total loss, and the front end of his car was visibly dented, but it was still running.

She floated into the air.

"Mommy," a little girl said, "Who's she?"

On the left hand side of the street stood the old Wayne Tower, and a little thrill went through her as she recognized it, but she didn't have time to dwell on the incipient nerdgasm that just being in Gotham City was bringing on. She tapped the golden X on her cape's clasp, and her communicator turned on. "This is Nightwing," she said. "Can anyone hear me?"

Nothing.

People weren't screaming anymore, but she was getting stares from easily four hundred people, and police officers were approaching through the crowd.

A man's voice filtered up from the crowd, "Maybe she's a superhero, like Citizen Cold in Central City!" She looked down at that. Citizen Cold. That name sounded familiar, but... no, not important. Thor had mentioned that the Rainbow Bridge might be unreliable, might put them in different places. She'd stick around to give the others time to appear, but until they did, it was time to get out of sight.

Karen shot into the sky like a rocket, leaving the crowd below to stare and wonder. When ten minutes of waiting didn't produce any of the others, she began to get worried. After twenty minutes, worry had been replaced by that yawning sense of doom more commonly associated with the realization one makes halfway through a fall that there are spikes at the bottom of this pit trap and oh God but her thought process really just went to Dungeons and Dragons. Right. 'OK,' she thought. 'If I remember correctly, they might be at Wayne Manor.' Then, out loud she said, "And there's another thing to add to my list of things I never thought I'd say: I wish I'd obsessed a little more over my comic books."

Which brought up the next problem: she had no idea where Wayne Manor was. She scanned the streets below for phone booths.  there weren't any. Descending from the sky to ask random passers-by if they knew where Wayne Manor was didn't seem like a good idea, either. Gas station, then. She took a second to locate one, and then descended to street level.



* * *



Karl de Vries didn't much like his job. He didn't much like Gotham, either, but what can you do? His parents had immigrated here from the Netherlands when his mother was still pregnant with him, and he'd never had the wherewithal to leave. He wasn't much to look at, with strictly average looks granted only a moderate bit of interest by Spanish eyes in an otherwise unremarkable face. He'd fallen in with the wrong crowd a few years back, but after he'd realized what they were doing, he'd gone to the police, people had gone to jail, and then life had gotten boring again. Today had been another long, bullshit day which faded into a long, bullshit evening of faking friendliness and interest in the people who came in to buy gas and snacks at Gotham Gas & Market.

He wasn't paying much attention when the bell rang. Someone had walked in. He could hear the sound of boots on the floor. He looked up, and his breath caught in his throat; the girl who had just walked in was the most beautiful girl he'd ever seen. She was tall, with black hair and blue eyes and was wearing a black and silver cape with red lining, a black bodysuit with a cleavage window, boots and gloves... he shifted slightly, tried not to look at her breasts, totally failed, tried to nod casually, and asked, "Can I have you?" Then he realized what he'd said, paled slightly, and amended, "... help you."

The girl didn't look terribly impressed. "Is this how Buffy felt?" she wondered aloud. She shook her head and looked Karl in the eye. "You got a copy of the yellow pages I can look at?"

"Uh... sure." He pulled the phone book out from behind the counter and set it down for her to look at. She flipped it open to the W section and started scanning through. After a few seconds, the clasp on her cloak clicked. She tapped it, and the X on it lit up in time for a resonant male voice to speak through it, "... Cage callin' any Avenger or X-Man, please respond."

Karl tried very hard not to stare.

"Cage!" the girl said, sounding relieved.

"Power Girl?" the voice asked.

"Nightwing," she corrected.

"Oh." There was some disappointment in the voice's tone. "Is anyone else with you?"

"Just me," the girl said.

The bell rang again as someone walked in through the door. Karl looked up, and his blood went cold: he recognized the young man who'd just entered. One of the 'bad crowd.'

"... Will," he said.

"Hey," the girl said, "What's the address here?"

Will pulled a gun from his jacket. "Hello, Karl. Here I was convinced that you'd be in hiding somewhere on the other side of the country after what you did, when the boss tells me you've been seen working a gas station on Gate. And all I can think is that you must have a death wish."

Karl's eyes fixed on the gun, on the barrel that was now pointed at him. The girl saw the gun, and she froze for just a second. Will gave her a look of casual contempt. "Stay out of this, bitch. Maybe you'll walk out alive." Will returned his attention to Karl, who was trying very hard not to tremble. "Going to the police?" Will asked. "Informing the God damned BATMAN about our activities? Well congratulations, Karl. I'm gonna grant your wish." He shifted his aim slightly to point the gun directly at Karl's head, and Karl knew that he was about to die.

"Will," he said, his voice thick with terror, "Please don't do this."

"Goodbye, Karl." Will pulled the trigger. The sound of the gun's discharge was accompanied by a loud crack from another source. Karl felt a rush of wind in front of his face... as the girl caught the bullet in her bare hand, and was completely unharmed. Karl and Will both turned to stare at her.

She took the gun from Will's limp hand, crushed it into a ball, and dropped it to the ground with a thunk. "No, seriously," she said. "What's the address here?"



* * *



By the time Luke Cage walked into the gas station at 1231 Gate Blvd, the crook was unconscious and tied up with duct tape, the police were on their way, and the excitement was past. Well, for everyone who wasn't the attendant. "Yeah," he said into the phone, "A girl. Tall, black hair, black and silver costume, gorgeous, stacked, built like a fucking amazon!" A pause. "I shit you not."

Karen tried not to grimace.

"Damn, girl," Cage said as he walked through the door. "What happened?"

Karen shrugged. "Oh, you know. Causing trouble, stopping crimes, kind of not wanting to be here when the police arrive." They started walking. "... Also, don't call me 'girl.'"

"Why not?"

"It kind of creeps me out." Seeing the expression on his face, she quickly amended, "I've already got enough gender-identity issues as is."

Cage put up a hand to forestall further explanation, "Ain't no problem. If it bothers you, then I won't call you 'girl.'"

"Thanks." Karen said. She took a moment to call out in her thoughts: 'Irma, are you there? Can you hear me?'  Nothing. She looked to Cage."So you haven't seen or heard from anyone else?"

Luke Cage shook his head. "Nope."

"You sure?"

A note of very minor irritation filtered into his tone. "Come on, Nightwing, would I lay a jive rap on you?"

Karen blinked. "... Jive... rap?" she asked incredulously.

"What?"

"I think I just threw up in my mouth."

Cage shook his head, "Kids these days," he muttered.

"Look," Karen said, "I'm sure it's a perfectly cromulent phrase. But that's not important. What is important is sticking to the plan."

"Right," he said. "Since we wound up closest to Gotham, we're on Batman duty."

"Yup." Karen looked his way. "Don't suppose you can fly or anything?"

Cage shook his head again. "Nah. Unbreakable skin, superhuman strength and stamina, quick healing, that kind of thing."

"A flying brick without the flying."

"Something like that."

"OK," Karen said, "Looks like I need to carry you."

"Say what?"

Karen shifted awkwardly from side to side. "To get to Wayne Manor. As fast as we can. I, uh..."

Cage gave her a serious look. "Nightwing, relax. It's cool. I've been in the hero business for years, I know how it works. The day needs saving, and the sooner we save it, the sooner I can get back to my wife and my little girl."

Karen's cheeks flushed with shame, and she nodded. "... Sorry."

"I'm already over it."

Without another word, Karen picked up Luke Cage and lifted off into the sky. It started to rain, and both Karen and Cage were quickly soaked.

Wayne Manor sat alone and forlorn across the river to the north of Gotham, and the flight there took about ten minutes at the easy pace Karen set for herself - more a concession to the rain than anything else; even with super-senses, going faster in this downpour would have killed her visibility. She almost missed it - would have, if she hadn't known where she was going; Karl de Vries had proven a useful resource after she'd saved his life, and he'd known where the old manor was. An old red two-door car sat in front if its gates. The hedges had gone wild, and the manor was overgrown with ivy. The windows on the first floor were boarded up, and mostly broken on the second. Karen landed easily in the grass behind the manor and let Cage down onto his own feet. They were in the Wayne family graveyard, and being here felt vaguely sacrilegious. A gravestone stood not far away, and the sight of it gave her chills: Bruce Wayne, Beloved Son.

"A'ight," Cage said, "We're here." He put his right fist into the palm of his left hand with a smirk. "Want me to go up and knock?"

"Just... hold on a second," she said, allowing her vision to shift. Most of the time, she was content to ignore what lay beneath the surface of things. It was still there, of course, but it wasn't present in the same way. It wasn't quite the same thing as pretending not to notice that someone was naked: it was more like intentionally not seeing the color blue, and now she was flipping a switch in her head and seeing everything. She looked down, saw Thomas Wayne's batcave beneath the manor, scanned through the manor itself, then looked to the roof.

A flash of lightning split the sky. Someone spoke on the roof. An old man, gruff and angry but with grudging admiration in his tone: "You really are crazy." "Like a fox," replied the voice of a younger man. "Now get me back in."

"Hey Nightwing," Luke Cage called, "I think there's someone up there on the..." Lightning struck the roof and an explosion ripped through the night, sending a plume of fire into the sky. "SWEET CHRISTMAS! He's falling!"

Karen followed the line of Cage's finger to the dark, caped and cowled figure that was falling off the roof towards the spiked iron fence below. A crack split the air as she broke the sound barrier flying to catch him, but mere miliseconds before she could, a streak of gold that she could barely follow shot down from the roof, intercepted Batman's falling form, and deposited him safely on the grass, all in the time it took her to cross the last three feet between her and her target.

A badly burned, bandaged Barry Allen set Batman down on the grass on the far side of the yard. "Told you," he said.

"Flash!" Karen called, not bothering to land.

Batman and Barry Allen both turned. Batman's eyes narrowed. Barry's widened. "Friend of yours?" Batman asked.

"She looks like..." Barry hesitated. "Power Girl?" he asked incredulously. "You remember me?"

The sound of heavy footsteps. Someone running through the rain. Luke Cage came jogging into view. "Hey, everyone alive over there?"

Karen shook her head. "I'm not her, but I know you. Call me Nightwing." She gestured to Cage. "This is Luke Cage. He's a friend. Power Girl is here, though. She remembers you, and as soon as she makes contact, you can meet up with her."

Barry looked from Karen to Cage and back. "God, you could be her twin!" His eyes widened once again as an unpleasant thought occurred to him: "... or her clone." He shook his head. "You say you know me, and she remembers me? How is that possible?"

"It's a really, really long story."

"It usually is," Batman said, his tone dark.

She looked to Luke. "Everyone's fine, Cage," she said, and Cage nodded. "Here's the short version," Karen began, "Power Girl and I were both in an alternate universe when history changed. Jury's still out on whether it protected us or if we're gonna go all Marty McFly fadeout on you. I'm gonna be honest, kind of hoping for the former."

Barry laughed, even though it obviously hurt him to do so. "Oh my God," he said. "This is great! With you and Power Girl here, and, I'm guessing Mr. Cage will be useful, too..." He turned to Batman. "With their help, we might actually be able to do this!"

Karen ruthlessly squelched the part of her that was freaking out over having a conversation with the Flash, and shook her head. "It's more complicated than you think," she said. "And you're really not going to like it."

"Explain it, then," Batman ordered.

Holy crap but older, gruffer, angrier Batman was scary. She knew intellectually that there was basically nothing he could do that could possibly hurt her, but that didn't stop her heart from leaping up into her throat every time he glared. "OK," Karen said, and really wished that Kara were here to do this in her stead, "Here goes nothing."

END CHAPTER 08

Next: Scattered





*Chapter 22*: DU: Scattered, Part I


			There came a time when the Old Gods died. And the brave died with the cunning. The noble perished, locked in battle with unleashed evil. It was the last day for them; an ancient era passing in fiery holocaust. Lokee, god of mischief and bastard son of the chief god Wotan, led the forces of darkness against the God World, and God World burned. Asgard burned beneath the touch of Rag'narok, and the Old Gods died.

Within the safety of her Sanctum Sanctorum, separated from the gods of the Third World by time and by the roiling storm of Paradox which maintained the Flashpoint, Pandora watched the destruction through her scrying mirror. Heimdall fell and was no more. Thor met his end. Wotan died. The Rainbow Bridge was rent asunder and all who stood upon its fiery span were cast down into the depths.

The final moment came with the fatal release of an indescribable power which tore the home of the Old Gods asunder - split it in great halves - and filled the universe with the blinding death-flash of its destruction. In the end there were two giant molten bodies, spinning slow and barren - clean of all that had gone before - adrift in the fading sounds of cosmic thunder.

Asgard was gone, and the Rainbow Bridge had gone with it.

None of which explained how or why the Rainbow Bridge had just deposited nearly a dozen beings onto the Earth, and inside her Flashpoint.

The magical signature of their arrival could not be mistaken for anything else: Bifrst had brought them here. Somehow. Dead and long forgotten Bifrst, which even now lay in utter ruin, some few remnant parts scattered between what was left of the twin planets of Apokalips and New Genesis, had been used to bring a new factor into this crisis.

Why now? If the Old Gods had survived Ragnarok, why had they chosen now to make their presence known again? Now, when she was so close to her goal. Just a little longer, and it all would have fallen into place!

Pandora tried not to grind her teeth: inflexibility had led to the destruction of far too many gods. It would not lead to hers. This interference was already throwing things off course, and it required a response. It would be far easier if she still possessed her Mother Box, but it had been taken from her long ago when she had been banished from New Genesis for all time: the Highfather had accused her of 'unleashing the evils of the universe' with her experiments. It had been a ridiculous charge, but it still rankled.

She didn't know what had become of her Box since then. Destroyed along with New Genesis, perhaps? No matter. Steepling her hands in front of her face, she considered carefully what course of action to take.

Of course. There. That was the first. Her course decided, Pandora began her work. They would not derail her plans, not when she was this close! She would merge the three universes, and from their wreckage would arise one that could endure what was to come. She had to.

There wasn't any other choice.



* * *



Destination Unknown

by P.H. Wise

A New X-Men Crossover Fanfic

Chapter 9: Scattered, Part 1

Disclaimer: The DC Universe and its associated characters is the property of DC comics. The Marvel Universe and its associated characters is the property of Marvel Entertainment LLC. Buffy the Vampire Slayer is owned by Fran and Kaz Kuzui. Some of the text of this chapter is taken from the Flashpoint comic series. Some small amount of text is also taken from 'The New Gods.' I don't own those, either.



* * *



He floated above the ruins of Paris, most of it underwater, with only the tops of skyscrapers and the upper half of the Eiffel Tower showing that there had been a city here. Overturned boats were scattered all throughout amidst floating debris.

His name was Abin Sur.

"Ring," he said. "Scan for life signs."

"One life form detected," the Ring announced.

Abin Sur looked about and saw no sign of life. "Where?" he asked. "Who?"

"Abin."

He looked up. Thaal Sinestro of Korugar floated in the air above him, clad in the uniform of a Green Lantern and surrounded by a nimbus of green power.

"Thaal," he said. "Have the Guardians sent you to take my ring? For refusing to leave this world to die?"

"No," Sinestro said. "The Guardians do not know I am here. I need to tell you of a prophecy, foretold by Atrocitus."

"Prophecy?"

Sinestro nodded. "He called it the Flashpoint."

"What madness do you speak of?"

"A Flashpoint is a moment in time with infinite potential for transformation. It can change everything, moving forward and backward. Not just an alternate universe spun off where a man turns left instead of right, but a moment when all that was, all that is, and all that ever can be is in flux, and there can be a complete transformation of an existing timeline on a level that not even Atrocitus fully understood. Someone from Earth created this one. They altered history, and not just the history of this world, but the history of the entire universe." He let that sink, and then went on, "Atrocitus spoke of a prior timeline. One where Ungara still exists."

A hope long extinguished rekindled in Abin Sur's heart. "Is," he began, "Is my sister still alive?"

Sinestro shut his eyes, bringing his emotions under control. "... No," he said, his voice still thick. He looked Abin Sur in the eye. "And neither are you."

Abin Sur swallowed. His hope went out. "... I see," he said.

"But a being from this backwater planet is attempting to alter the timeline once more to resolve the Flashpoint. He calls himself the Flash." Sinestro clenched his fist, and an image of the Flash appeared in the air, lightning crackling around his form as he ran in front of a spinning Earth. "I can make this Flash change the world in our image. I can fix everything."

Abin shook his head. "Atrocitus has poisoned your mind with his lies, old friend." He allowed a green spiked mace to coalesce in his hands.

Sinestro held out his own hands, and a double-bladed sword formed from his will. "Atrocitus told me that as long as you're alive, I will fail." There was sorrow in his tone, but his will was too strong for that to sway him from his course. "I am sorry, Abin. I truly am, but I will bring you back, too. I promise."

Their battle was a bitter thing. A sad thing. Will against will, and Sinestro's was the stronger, for Abin Sur truly did not wish to harm his oldest, dearest friend, and Sinestro had the will to do so to his own. Abin Sur's constructs shattered before Thaal Sinestro's, Sinestro plunged one end of his double-bladed sword through Abin Sur's shoulder, and Abin Sur knew pain.

"I don't want to do this," Sinestro said, "But once the Flash's power is mine, this will never have happened, and you won't remember it." He twisted the sword, allowing the lower blade to snap off inside of Abin Sur's body, then raised the other. "I am sorry," he said, "But the universe needs me."

"You are not a god, Thaal," Abin said.

"No," Sinestro said sadly. "I'm not. Goodbye, old friend." He brought the blade down.

Abin Sur reached into his own well of willpower, reaching out through his connection to the ring, drawing in power beyond even Sinestro's wildest dreams. Light blazed around him, and then a word. A whisper. He felt something settle between his will and the ring. Something soft as silk, yet tougher than steel. The glow winked out, and his eyes had time to widen.

Sinestro's blade struck home. And as he died, Abin Sur saw a woman floating in the air for just a moment behind Sinestro. A woman all in purple, and beautiful, with eyes that carried a sense of immense age. There and gone.

His ring departed from his finger, and he quickly lost sight of it.

Darkness took him.



* * *



Darkness gave her up. The Ginnungagap released her, and she arrived in a burst of rainbow-colored light; immediately, something flashed around her. Her eyes gained focus, but whatever it was had already faded.

Irma frowned, taking in her surroundings. "And we're back in people-in-tube-land," she groused. And so she was: she stood in a long corridor sprawled with black cables. At regular intervals, glass pods held naked humans suspended in an unknown fluid, each pod shining with pink light. A mist hung in the air. Something had gone wrong. She thought over what she knew about the situation. The Rainbow Bridge not properly calibrated. An unstable timeline. Extra-dimensional travel.  Oh hell. She could be anywhere, or anywhen. She briefly considered calling out, "Hello?" The general 'evil scientist lab' vibe of the place made her think twice.

She instinctively reached out for the other two thirds of her mind, her other selves, the partial-gestalt consciousness inhabiting three bodies which were individuals but not, and she felt... nothing. Irma's eyes widened. "Celeste?" she asked. Nothing. "Phoebe?" Nothing.

It felt as though the ground had just opened beneath her feet. She was empty. Incomplete. It felt... she wasn't sure what. It wasn't just 'alone,' but 'alone was close. The Fire was still with her.

Irma Cuckoo shivered.

'OK,' she thought, 'I'm not where I should be. Think.' She did. A minute later, she set out down the corridor,

"Strange," a cold, mechanical voice said, echoing down the corridor. She couldn't quite tell which direction from sound alone, but telepathy revealed the source: a creature. A man. Brainiac. "It should have materialized here like the first," Brainiac said. A pause. "Activate security sweep." His mind vanished from Irma's awareness, and she got a sinking feeling.

Two others. Two other conscious minds. There. Bart Allen. Patty Spivot. Another mind caught her attention. A strange, convoluted thing, full of varying impulses and desires, and far more knowledge than any single mind should ever hold. She didn't immediately recognize it.

Security sweep. She'd had just enough time to process that thought when a red light filled the corridor. Alarms flashed, and then there was the sound of an explosion from somewhere up ahead. She closed her eyes. The fire was there, waiting for her. It always was. It always would be, now.

"Stop where you are," a calm, mechanical voice said from the corridor behind her. When Irma turned, she saw a tall green-skinned alien clad all in black, almost chitinous armor, and set with pink gems which glowed the same color as the glass tubes. There was knowledge, there. Brilliance. A mind like she'd never seen before in all her life, and she could sense his telepathic influence as a gentle pressure against her mental barriers.

"Who are you?" she asked.

Brainiac nodded. "I completely understand." A slight smirk appeared at the corner of his lips. "There are forms to be observed. I am Brainiac, and you are my prisoner. Will you surrender, or shall we engage in the customary contest of wills?"

Irma thought about it. The pressure against her mental barriers grew stronger, but it wasn't threatening them yet. "What do you want with me?" she asked, and wished her sisters were here with her. Together, they were always stronger than any one of them was on her own.

"To study," Brainiac replied. "To learn. Perhaps to dissect. You needn't worry: you may find it unpleasant, but I can keep you alive through the process. You are an anomaly, and your energy signature bears a curious resemblance to another test subject. Perhaps what I learn will be of use to me in the war effort."

"Oh, sure," Irma said. "I always let people dissect me when they ask politely."

"Sarcasm. A common defense mechanism in young humans. How disappointing." Brainiac shifted his stance. "Enough."

The pressure of his telepathic power against her mental shields suddenly surged. It wasn't like a hammer, or like an icepick: it was like the freaking tide. Relentless. All encompassing. If her sisters had been with her, Irma might have been able to stand against it, but without them she had only seconds to decide: embrace the fire within her, or let a stronger telepath break down her shields and gain unrestricted access to her mind. If she took in the fire again, she might not be able to let it go.  But if she didn't, she was dead. Not much of a choice, but it was one, and she made it; the air filled with fire.



* * *



Barry wasn't taking the news very well. "Wait, you're saying this is MY fault? All of it?"

Batman's eyes narrowed, but he said nothing.

"In the original timeline, you learn all this when Professor Zoom resets your, uh, internal vibrations," and God but it felt silly to say that, but Barry nodded like he understood exactly what she meant, so Karen went on. "You were at your mother's grave on her birthday. It was her first since you'd learned that Zoom was responsible for her murder. And you well, you went to the past, to the day your mother died. You shattered history, and the lives of the people closest to you were put onto paths that followed the cracks."

"I don't remember," Barry said. His face was visibly less burned than it had been ten minutes earlier.

Luke frowned. "Can't you just, uh, reset your vibrations to find out if she's tellin' the truth?"

Flash shook his head. "Not without help. Maybe if I had one of the other users of the Speed Force here."

"Well, it gets worse. There's a woman out there named Pandora. I don't know if she's the original or not, but she's a witch, and her witch-fu is strong. She's trying to take advantage of the situation to reshape history the way she wants it when she interferes right at the moment you're fixing the timeline. It wipes out your entire universe, Barry. There's a new one put in its place, but it's not the same."

"Original timeline?" Batman asked.

Karen nodded. "Uh, yeah. It's hard to explain."

"You're in the comic books," Luke Cage said. "We looked your ass up."

"Yeah," Karen said with a wince, "That."

Batman looked at Luke Cage. "... Comic books?"

Barry shook his head, "Earth Prime. It makes sense. There's a Superboy from there."

Batman gave Barry a dubious look. "If you say so."

"So yeah," Karen said, going with it, since it was easier than explaining the truth. "The information we got from Earth Prime made Power Girl, um, upset. We came here to try to help."

Barry nodded. "I assume she'll be able to confirm all this when we meet her?"

Karen nodded. "Yeah."

"Do you people have any idea how stupid that sounds?" Batman asked.

Karen flushed red, and nodded. "Reasonably good, yeah," she muttered.

Barry shrugged. "Welcome to my life."

"All right," Karen said, "So here's the plan. We're not going to just let this entire world end and be replaced with the old one. We're going to save as much of it as we..."

"No," Batman said, his ever-present scowl growing even more pronounced. "We're not saving this world. We're replacing it with the other one."

"I don't think you understand what you're asking for," Karen began.

"I understand it perfectly. We change things back to the way they're supposed to be. I'll die. Bruce will live."

"Everyone else in the world will die, too."

Batman muttered something angrily, indistinctly.

Luke Cage held up a hand, forestalling Karen's reply. "Think about it, man," he said, "If you want to die, I ain't gonna stop ya, but are you really gonna make everyone else in the world die with you?"

The Flash didn't say anything, but stared down at his own hands.

"You got kids? Either of you?"

Karen shuddered at the thought. "No."

Luke Cage nodded. "Yeah. A little girl."

"What's her name?" Batman asked.

"Danielle," Luke replied.

"Tell me something, Mr. Cage. If you thought it would save Danielle's life, what would you do in my place?"

Luke Cage was silent for a long moment. Then he shook his head a little regretfully and said, "All right, maybe I can understand where you're coming from."

Batman nodded.

"But," Karen began, "maybe there's a way to save the other world without destroying this one."

"Maybe," Batman allowed.

"And if not," The Flash said, speaking up for the first time since he'd been told his role in all this, "If this world is going to be destroyed anyways, we can at least save as many people a we can."

Batman muttered something angry, and then nodded reluctantly. "As long as Bruce is alive at the end of it."

"That much I can promise," Karen said. "The first step is to get in touch with Cyborg."



* * *



Coast City. Less than half an hour from Edwards, and twenty minutes from Fort Rock. Assuming you've got a Green Lantern ring to provide transport and not a car, that is. It was one of the bigger California cities, with more than seven million residents living right up in Sonoma County. Technically, Coast City itself was the more westerly part that actually went right up to Bodega Bay, but people who weren't from the region tended to identify the whole urbanized region that consisted of anything north or west of Petaluma as "Coast City." All of that might have thrown Prodigy, Mercury, Hellion, and Spider-Woman if they'd known more about the California Coast in their home world. As it was, they knew they were in a place that didn't exist back home, but that was good: Booster Gold was supposed to show up in Coast City. Supposedly, he should have a way to keep them from being erased by an unstable timeline.

They'd walked along the highway in full costume for almost an hour to get to the city limits, cars passing every now and again, but otherwise empty. There was military checkpoint ahead, and as they drew near, they could hear the sound of raised voices.

"...and that's another thing!" One guard - a Corporal by the name of Jenkins - was speaking loudly with another guard. "Why does San Francisco get to be called 'The City' all in capital letters like it's the only one around? Coast City has five times their population! We should be The City! Fuck San Francisco!"

"I hear ya, Corporal," Private Pyle said. Neither of them noticed as the group walked by in full costume.

"God damned San Franciscans..."

Private Pyle nodded his agreement.

Corporal Jenkins grinned suddenly. "Hey, you ever wanna piss 'em off? Call it 'Frisco.' They lose their shit."

"Seriously?"

"I shit you not."

Private Pyle laughed, though his voice was a distant thing by now, fading into the background. "I'm gonna have to try that" he said, and his voice faded beyond the range of hearing. They were through, and there was a noticeable military presence in the streets, and the population seemed subdued and fearful. But when people saw them, they actually seemed to brighten, and some of them smiled. A soldier waved to them with a smile, murmuring something about it being 'good to have some heroes on hand.'

"There's something weird going on here," Prodigy said.

Spider-Woman nodded. "People are on edge. I think they might be expecting an attack. It would explain the military presence "

Prodigy shook his head. "That's not what I mean." He, Mercury, and Hellion exchanged glances.

"Nobody's freaking out," Mercury said, with wonder in her voice, and it was true: people gave the costumed group curious looks, but the hostility that they all but took for granted as mutants... wasn't there. It felt like... . "I don't suddenly look normal or anything, do I?" she asked.

Prodigy looked her way. Mercury was the same liquid-metal girl she'd always been. "This is weird," he said.

Spider-Woman looked around and shrugged, and it did incredibly interesting things to her chest that Prodigy very carefully tried not to take notice of. Hellion didn't make any such effort. "Seems normal enough to me."

Prodigy and Mercury looked at each other, and he was suddenly aware of the divide between himself and his teammates. He wasn't a mutant anymore. Not since M-Day. People still treated him like one, though, mostly because of who he kept company with. He'd lost his powers, but people still feared him, still hated him. He knew that. So how the hell did people like Spider-Woman get treated like a totally different class of person by the general public, to the point that she... he ended that train of thought. He was being uncharitable.

"Yeah, but you're not a mutant," Mercury said. She was talking to Spider-Woman, but Prodigy felt it all the same. Some wounds would heal with time. This wasn't one of them. "You wouldn't get it."

Spider-Woman's mask hid her eyes, so Prodigy couldn't actually tell if she'd rolled them or not. "Not everything has to be about your mutant persecution thing," she said.

"Excuse me?"

Spider-Woman put a hand to her forehead. "Right. Look, all of you just keep an eye out. Depending on the timing, Booster Gold could be here any..." A construction site maybe a hundred yards down the street went up in a spectacular fireball, and all of them felt the shockwave like a thump to the chest. "...minute."

They arrived on the scene just in time to see a figure dressed in blue and gold flying away. Two soldiers were on the ground, and Prodigy wasn't sure if they were unconscious or not. Booster Gold, presumably.

"Hey, wait!" Hellion called.

The figure in blue and gold looked back over his shoulder, and then

And then a particle beam satellite shot him out of the sky. Booster Gold tumbled head over heels, slammed into a wall, and then landed on the roof of a building nearby.

"All right, kids," Spider-Woman said, "Let's get to work. I'll go see if he's OK. Hellion, make sure they can't hit us with any of those blasts from above. The rest of you, meet us on the roof."

Spider-Woman went up to check on Booster, and Prodigy nodded at Hellion. "Get us up there, then put up your shield, OK?"

"No problem," Hellion said. He lifted himself, Prodigy, and Mercury up to the rooftop in short order. Half a second later, a semi-transparent dome snapped into being above them. A few seconds after that, a second particle-beam struck the shield from above. Light flared, and a dangerous rumble went through the building, but the shield held. A third blast never came.

"Is he OK?" Prodigy asked.

Booster Gold opened his eyes. "Ugh. What hit" he saw Spider-Woman leaning over him. Spider-Woman, with her long dark hair and a figure that was beyond amazing which her costume only served to emphasize, and what was visible of her face absolutely perfect. "... me. Uh. Hi."

Spider-Woman smirked. "Booster Gold, I presume? You all right?" She held out a hand.

Booster grinned, and gave a thumbs up. "That's me. And I'm always all right." He took her hand, and she pulled him up to his feet.

A little blue and gold drone floated down next to Booster. "Sir, I believe we have arrived in the wrong timeline. We are in an alternate universe."

"I got that, Skeets," Booster said.

"Actually," Prodigy said, "It's worse than that."

Booster raised an eyebrow. "OK, one, who are you people? Two, worse how?"

They told him.

"Ah."



* * *



"My name is Patty Spivot," Patty said. She had short blonde hair, intense blue eyes, a cute face with a pert nose. Her costume was black with a white lightning bolt going down the front, and form-fitting enough to display her slender build. Without her helmet, she looked more like somebody's favorite older sister than a superhero.

"You" Kid Flash said, "You were the woman with the Reverse-Flash." Kid Flash was a boy perhaps fifteen or sixteen years old. He had short brown hair and striking gold eyes, and was dressed in a yellow and red version of the Flash costume that left his hair exposed.

"I was doing fill-in work at the Central City lab," Patty said. "They asked me to help clean up after the Reverse-Flash trashed the place. I" She looked down at her helmet. "I decided to do something bigger with my life." She held up the helmet. "I don't know how we got here, but according to the data readout inside my helmet, the year is 3011. We're in the fifth century of Brainiac's occupation of Earth, and he's the only thing standing between Earth and the Black Lanterns."

Kid Flash staggered. "... No this can't be 3011," he muttered. "I was born in the thirty-first century. It wasn't like this. Unless..." he looked up. "Unless something changed the timeline. But if that's true, and I'm locked out of the Speed Force, nothing is protecting me in this new timeline" He looked thoughtful. "Those chambers Brainiac had us in must have been shielding us from the effects of the time stream while he studied us."

"Makes sense," Patty replied.

"Your bike can travel through time, right?" Kid Flash asked.

"It could, if it had its Speed Force tank."

Kid Flash noded. "Then we've got to find that tank and get back home fast. We're not supposed to be here."

The air grew warmer, and a fiery light could be seen coming down the hallway. Something was coming.

"I'm gonna guess that's a bad thing," Patty said. She hopped onto the cosmic motorcycle. "Get on."

Kid Flash staggered once more. "I"

There was no warning. One moment, they were talking in relative safety, the next a seven foot tall disturbingly skeletal robot had emerged from a service corridor and opened fire. Heard a noise like an angry hornet as something went past her ear, and then it felt like someone hit her in the shoulder with a sledgehammer. A hot, searing pain went through her, and she went down.

"Patty!" Kid Flash shouted. "Of all the times not to have my speed!" He dove for cover, and she stared at her shoulder in shock. A finger sized hole had been punched clean through her costume, through her shoulder, and out the other side.

The robot leveled its gun at Kid Flash...

And then a blonde teenager surrounded by an aura in the shape of an enormous firebird flew into the room. A finger-thick lance of flame shot out from the palm of her hand and cut the robot in half at the waist before she drew it back across its gun, the touch of the fire rendering whatever alloy the thing was made from into liquid metal instantly. The heat was beyond description, and for a moment, Patty was sure she was going to die. She clenched her eyes shut and looked away, and her face went from normal to moderately sunburned in the space of a second. And then it was gone. The heat was gone.

A blonde teenaged girl in a skin-tight red and gold costume with a gold bird emblem on its chest landed lightly in the middle of the room, next to the rapidly cooling remains of the robot. She looked first at Patty, then at Kid Flash.

"Who are you?" Patty asked, clutching her uninjured hand to her shoulder in an effort to stop the bleeding.

Something exploded in the distance, but the girl didn't flinch. "Call me Phoenix," she said, and extended a hand, not quite able to hide a smirk. "Come with me if you want to live."



* * *



Power Girl appeared in a burst of rainbow colored light ten thousand feet above Metropolis, and she didn't appear alone. Layla Miller appeared in the air beside her, and unlike Peej, she had no power of flight: Layla let out a surprised shriek as gravity took hold.

Power Girl swooped down to grab her before she could get far, and then began the long powered descent to the city below. Metropolis gleamed like a star in the night, light and sound and color of every kind mingling together with the rush of wind, the murmur of city-voices, and the distant thunder of heartbeats. She landed on the roof of the Daily Planet in the middle of downtown Metropolis, walked to the edge of the roof and stared down at the city.

Superman's city.

Monorails glided smoothly on raised tracks. Cars moved with the flow of traffic. The hum of the city was everywhere. She closed her eyes, and she could hear the teenaged couple walking past the Daily Planet building on the sidewalk, hand in hand. She could hear the old man muttering about 'kids these days' under his breath as they passed. She could hear the cat moving in the alley across the way. She could hear the conversations of thousands all around her.

"... and you call me the minute you hear from Lois Lane!" It was the voice Perry White, inside the building.

Power Girl laughed. She'd done it. She was here. She was home.  Almost. Almost home. The 'almost' was all that kept her from crying happy tears there on the roof. She scrubbed at her eyes, and then turned. "We made it," she said.

"Yup," Layla said neutrally. A moment later, she tapped her communicator and spoke into it, got no reply, and frowned.

"OK," Power Girl said, "We're in Metropolis." Power Girl paused as she considered the skyline once more, taking note of the LexCorp building. She blinked. Hadn't Lex Luthor been killed by Krypto in this timeline? A moment's concentration had her peering through the building's superstructure until there he was, working in his lab, his left arm and right leg obviously mechanical to her super senses, but decidedly alive.

It occurred to her that she could probably enlist his assistance. He'd likely be willing to help if she handled it correctly. And then Power Girl considered carefully all the possible ramifications of going to LexCorp to get assistance from Lex Luthor.

LEX. LUTHOR.

OK. That was a bad idea, and there was no way that wasn't going to end in tears. Power Girl clenched her eyes shut as she got her head in the game. 'Come on, Kara,' she thought to herself. 'You've got a genius level intellect. Try using it instead of just bull-rushing in like you always do.'

She thought about it. The whole situation. Put it all together. Throughout the whole Flashpoint, despite Tara Markov's total betrayal of everything a champion of Earth was supposed to be, there was never any indication that Strata had taken action. There were a few possible reasons for that, and none of them good. Given that Tara Markov had her powers in this reality, Strata had to exist as well, so that wasn't it. She worked it through, her thought processes taking her through the chains of logic in a fraction of the time it would have taken a human.

Power Girl looked up. "We need to find Atlee," she said. She was expecting argument. Resistance. She was expecting Layla to tell her they needed to meet up with the others.

What Layla actually said was, "Okie dokie."

"If she exists here at all, she'll probably be in Strata. There's an entrance nearby, I think, but we'll have to be careful. There's no telling how the Terrans will react to us."

She took Layla into her arms Superman style. "Hold on tight," she said, and took off, heading inland.

Most people would have found that an awkward position to hold a conversation from. Most people, of course, were not Layla Miller. Layla raised an eyebrow and looked up at Power Girl. "OK," she said, "I'll bite. Who are the Terrans, and what's Strata?"

Power Girl raised an eyebrow in turn, mirroring Layla's expression exactly.

Layla sighed. "Reports of my omniscience have been greatly exaggerated.

Power Girl tried not to giggle. When she saw Layla's put-upon expression, she failed in her attempt. It felt good to laugh. "Sorry," she said. They reached the city limits and flew on past, and occasionally people on the ground would notice them and point them out to their fellows.

"Strata is a society that lives in large cave-systems deep beneath the Earth's surface. Terrans are one of several nonhuman races that live in Strata. The Terrans in particular are linked to the Earth and to its sanctity in a way that is difficult for any non-Terran to ever really understand."

"This Atlee girl is a Terran?"

Power Girl nodded. "Right."

"But she looks human?"

"Yeah."

"...'kay."

After that, PG accelerated to the point that it was no longer possible to talk. Mountains sprang up in the distance, growing slowly closer. The land grew less and less populated, sources of light fewer and farther between, but Power Girl knew the way. Their destination was a tiny cave entrance set onto the side of a cliff a hundred feet above barren valley floor where a summer fire had burned away the green.

Still carrying Layla, Power Girl flew through the entrance, made her way through a long, winding, downward sloping passage, and then came to stop just in front of a great black pit in the earth set at the heart of a jagged, dry cave: a hole that went straight down for almost a mile.

There was a soft but clear clicking sound as Layla turned on a flashlight and swept it across the chamber, then onto the hole. She leaned forward and peered down into the pit, shining her light down to illuminate only the tiniest portion of it.

Darkness. Darkness and stone walls, close air and the weight of the mountain above. "Relax," Power Girl said. "I've got you."

They began the descent.



* * *



Santo grimaced, and wiped the non-existent sweat from his brow. He, Sooraya, Josh, and Ms. Marvel had arrived here about ten minutes earlier, and Ms. Marvel'd gone up to do some aerial recon, leaving the three of them on the streets of, he wasn't sure where. None of it looked familiar. It was all gothy and depressing, dingy, dark, and sense of quiet despair filled the air. So Detroit, probably.

Ms. Marvel landed. "This way," she said, and they followed her down a dingy alleyway. There were people here and there, and when they saw Ms. Marvel and Sooraya, they started to come forward, but then they saw him and Josh and stopped in their tracks. Strangely enough, nobody wanted to mess with a giant made out of rock walking alongside a boy with awesome gold skin. Not that he'd ever tell Josh he was jealous, though sometimes he thought about finding a big gold deposit and making a body from it just to show off.

An uncomfortable silence held for a few more minutes, and then he couldn't contain himself any longer. "So," Santo said, "Uh, how about them Yankees?"

"I've never cared for sports," Sooraya said.

"... er, yeah, me neither." Josh added.

Santo frowned. Barbarians. They kept walking, and after few seconds, he broke the silence again. "How about you, Ms. Marvel? You see the Yankees game two days ago?"

Ms. Marvel raised an eyebrow. "The Angels knocked the Yankees out of the playoffs a week and a half ago."

"Well, yeah. It was a rebroadcast. But it was still awesome to watch the Yankees crush the Red Sox!"

Ms. Marvel's eyes narrowed. "You shut your mouth."

"What? They DID. 8-4!"

"And we came back the next game to take the series with a 10-1 victory, Yankee-boy."

Santo blinked. "Wait, you're a..."

Ms. Marvel smirked, and Santo went pale, looking to Sooraya and Josh in alarm. "Try not to freak out, guys, but our Avenger's one of THEM."

"Still don't care about sports," Sooraya said, sounding bored.

Josh ignored him entirely.

Santo kicked a piece of trash in frustration, and it went clattering off into the distance. "This sucks!"

The communicator chirped. "Anyone receiving? This is Luke Cage. Nightwing's with me. Avengers, X-Men, anyone out there?"

The group went silent, and Ms. Marvel tapped her own communicator. "This is Ms. Marvel. I'm reading you. I'm with Rockslide, Dust, and Elixir. What's your position, Cage? Over."

"We're in Gotham, north of the river. You?"

"Gotham," Ms. Marvel replied, "We're about seven blocks west of a run down Yacht club on the north side of town."

Oh. Well, not Detroit, then.

A pause. "You're in Crime Alley. You're gonna want to head east until you hit the," Another pause, "Uh, Robert Kaine Memorial Bridge. There's pedestrian traffic allowed there. We'll have a car meet you there, got it?"

"I read you, Cage. We'll be there. Over and out." Ms. Marvel looked at Santo and the others. "Let's move, people."



* * *



"So just to be clear, we can go back in time if we get ahold of your Speed Force tank?" Irma asked.

Patty nodded. "Without it, my Cosmic Motorcycle is limited to, well, normal motorcycle speeds."

Actually finding the Speed Force tank for Patty's bike proved to be harder than it sounded. Mostly because Brainiac's fortress was filled with hostile robots, and all of them were looking for them. Irma had blown a hole in his mechanical chest and given him third degree burns on the parts of him that were still flesh, and the guy held grudges.

There was a first aid kit in the storage compartment, and before they did anything else, they took care of the hole in Patty's left shoulder. It was a clean wound, it had missed any major blood vessels, and they were able to bring the bleeding under control without too much trouble, but she would need to see a doctor before too long.

The tracker on Patty's bike gave them an idea of where it was, so there was that, at least. They hit the robotic guards hard and fast, Irma burning down two of them with pencil-thin beams of Phoenix-fire even as Patty took down a third with a swing of what looked like a futuristic night-stick. When she hit the huge hulking robot with it, yellow lightning arced across its body, and it went down in a smoking heap.

"We're clear," Kid Flash said. "Is that it?"

The 'that' in question was a glowing orb suspended above a black and purple-black stand that looked like it belonged in Mordor.

When Patty didn't answer right away, Irma glanced her way. She saw what was wrong immediately: pain was flashing through Patty's mind, radiating out from her left shoulder. Patty took off her helmet, let it drop to the ground, and wiped her forehead with the hand on her uninjured arm.

"You ok?" Kid Flash asked.

Patty pressed her lips together into a thin line in order not to wince. "I think I might have overdone it with that swing just now. Give me a minute." She checked her bandages, grimaced, and then glanced towards the glowing yellow orb. "That's it," she said. She tossed the nightstick-device, which stopped in midair and then reformed itself into her motorcycle, with wheels made of speed-force lightning. "Plug it in."

"Uh, how?" Kid Flash asked.

"Just shove it into the back of the motorcycle. The bike will do the rest."

"Right."

Irma picked up Patty's helmet. "So this thing feeds you information, right?" she asked.

Patty nodded. "Yes. It just sort of well, this is going to sound funny, but it talks to me."

"And it has some kind of time-line monitoring function?"

"That's right."

Irma put the helmet on. "Helmet," she said, "Show me what happened to the timeline."

The world tilted sideways. A thousand images flashed through Irma's eyes all at once. People and places she didn't recognize. Men and women, human and nonhuman, all dressed in green and black costumes with a green and white emblem on their chests. 'Green Lanterns,' her mind supplied. A vast skull-shaped ship descending from the sky. Names came with faces now. Batman stood atop a building in the middle of gotham. Seven figures dashed along within the Speed Force, running all as one. Barry and Bart Allen, Jason Garrick, Jesse Chambers, Wally West, Iris West, Max Mercury Superman vanished only to be replaced by a sickly looking boy. Wonder Woman conquered all of England. Aquaman waged war upon the surface. The world cracked open like an egg. A blonde woman with cruelty in her brilliant blue eyes stood against a teen girl who had black hair and violet eyes, but otherwise had the same face, the same jaw, the same brow, the same body. Each bore the name of Terra, and the world trembled where they walked. More and more and more, a thousand faces and places and then

Her eyes opened. She pulled the helmet off her head. Her thoughts were racing.

Patty eased herself onto the Cosmic Motorcycle. "OK," she said, "I'm setting the time engine for the twenty first century."

Irma blinked. "... Wait."

"Hmm?"

"We have a time machine," Irma said..

Patty and Kid Flash paused, exchanged glances. "Look," Patty said, "Setting right what went wrong is one thing, but crossing your own timeline and altering your own past is the best way there is to get erased by paradox, and I'm not going to risk it."

Kid flash nodded in agreement.

Irma smiled. "Don't worry about that. I don't intend to change the past. I just want to arrange a few things for the future. OUR future."

Patty frowned. "We don't really have enough in the Speed Force tank to make more than a trip or two..."

"A trip or two is all I'll need. We've got a minute. Look around. Take anything that seems useful. If anyone hears approaching robots, we leave."

Patty sighed. "Fine."

Five minutes later, with the motorcycle's saddlebags stuffed with loot, the sound of approaching robots sent them running.

"This is a really bad idea," Kid Flash muttered.

"It'll be fine," Irma insisted.

"We could be predestining ourselves to a really horrible end. We could be arranging our own deaths, and then when we go back to actually do it, we'll have no choice because to do otherwise would be a paradox that would be even worse!"

"All I'm doing is getting a few of Brainiac's devices to the person I'm pretty sure knows how to use them best," Irma said.

Patty started the motorcycle, revved it, and drove through the wall and into time. A moment later and a thousand years earlier, the Cosmic Motorcycle reappeared driving down the road of a distinctly 21st century America. And something was exploding in the distance. Several somethings. Every now and again there was a crack like a sonic boom, and... Layla Miller was waiting on corner.

"Hey Layla," Irma called.

Layla waved. "Hey Irma. Hey Kid Flash. Hot Pursuit."

Kid Flash looked at Irma. "Irma, huh?" he asked.

Irma didn't dignify that with a response. What she thought of the name 'Bartholomew' didn't require saying aloud, and she pointedly ignored the fact that Patty's code name was apparently, 'Hot Pursuit.' "How'd you know we'd be here?"

Layla gave Irma a look.

"Right. So, uh, do we give this to you?" She gestured to the Cosmic Motorcycle's saddlebags, stuffed with objects liberated from Brainiac's lab.

Layla shook her head. "I've got a message from you. You told me you need to talk to yourself right away. After that, you better get going. If you're here too long, Power Girl's going to see you, and you said that you left before she got here."

Irma nodded. "Thanks Layla. Tell me I said thanks, too."

"Already did," Layla replied.

"Right."

Making telepathic contact with her future self was one of the strangest things Irma had ever done. It wasn't like joining with her sisters as the Three-in-One. It was more like two mirrors facing each other, reflecting one another to infinity. The presence of the Phoenix shard made it worse, sending out weird vibrations through the whole. There were echoes of herself in herself through herself and mirroring herself to herself through herself and on and on and on, and both of herselves flinched slightly at the contact. She didn't try for a full joining: she was pretty sure that would be a bad idea. But the link was formed.

*Hey, me. How're things?* Irma asked.

*Hey, myself." Irma replied. It was hard to tell which one of them was sending what, even for her. When a mental voice is exactly like your own in every way, things got confusing quickly. Get confusing quickly? One of those.

*Tell me about it,* an Irma sent.

*Let's just get this over with as quickly as we can.* Irmasent. *Tell me where to take the supplies we stole from Brainiac.*

*OK, first you need to find Booster Gold. He's in Coast City nine hours and fifteen minutes ago. He'll be able to tell you what they are and what they do, so that I'll know what they are and what they do and can tell the others, got it? After that, take them to London bridge. Southern end. Twelve hours from now. I've already told Prodigy and Cyborg to expect you.*

*Cyborg?*

*Spoilers.*

*Why don't you just tell me what they are and what they do?*

*Because that's not how it happened.*

*... I'm starting to hate time travel.*

*This was your idea.*

*Yours, too.*

*Don't remind me.*

Irma severed the link. They were gone before Power Girl arrived.



* * *



"Santo, you made it!"

Santo grinned. "Karen, my man!" He clasped her hand, released, fistbumped.

Karen grinned, too. It was hard not to. "Hey Sooraya. Josh. You heard from anyone else yet?"

"Hello, Karen," Sooraya said.

Josh shook his head. "Not so far, but we think the Rainbow Bridge might have scrambled our communications a little."

Karen nodded.

Barry Allen was no longer dressed in a poor man's mummy bandages. It had taken him all of a second to make himself a new costume, and most of the second and third degree burns he'd inflicted on himself with his first failed attempt to access the speed force had now healed: he looked the part of the Flash.

"Flash," Karen said, "These are my friends. The big guy is Rockslide," she gestured to Sooraya, "That's Dust," she indicated Josh, "And that's Elixir. Guys, this is the Flash."

The mutants exchanged glances. "The same guy who?" Santo began.

"Yeah," Karen said.

The Flash looked slightly uncomfortable, but nodded. "Nice to meet you," he said.

"Nice to meet you," Santo, Sooraya, and Josh echoed.

"This is Ms. Marvel," Luke Cage broke in, gesturing to Carol.

"Flash," Carol said.

"Who's the angry looking guy in the shadows?" Santo asked.

"That's Batman," Cage said.

"Batman, huh? What's his power?"

The shadows seemed to lengthen slightly, and Batman's glowing red eyes fixed upon Santo.

Santo shivered. "Uh, nevermind. I don't think I wanna know."

"We're about to go meet up with Cyborg in Metropolis," Karen said. "He's the guy who's trying to organize the American superheroes."

Ms. Marvel nodded. "Works for me. Let's move."



* * *



Colonel William Conner was having a bad day. Not that it was unusual to have bad days anymore. Seemed like the whole world was going that way lately. Something in the water, he guessed, and then let out a half-hearted chuckle at his own pun. Damn those Atlanteans. Damn them all to hell. They'd been expecting attack for a couple days now, and along comes some bozo in blue and gold flying right into the airspace above Coast City without so much as a warning from any of the radar boys: it was like he had just appeared in midair. Given that the United States didn't actually have any flying heroes, odds were good that he was an Atlantean agent.

And now, this. This incompetence. William Conner could tolerate many failings in a soldier under his command, but incompetence was not one of them. So he'd stormed into the operations center for the Coast City defense force in order to read the report for himself. Major Finn was the officer in charge of the operations center when he arrived. He was some corn-fed Iowa farm boy turned special forces soldier who looked like he belonged in a recruiting ad and not in the actual Air Force, which grated on Conner's nerves. Wasn't Finn's fault, but it still annoyed Conner something fierce. The incompetence displayed by the people at the checkpoint wasn't Finn's fault, either, but that didn't stop Conner from taking it out of his hide.

"And they just walked in right past the eastern security checkpoint?" Colonel Conner asked. He was in the operations center for the Coast City defenses, they'd been expecting an Atlantean attack, and it had arrived in the form of the flying man in blue and gold: none of the existing American heroes were fliers, and the Amazons would never use a male operative. That didn't leave very many possibilities.

Major Finn nodded. "Apparently so, sir."

Conner's anger was a slow, bubbling sort of thing. "I want the soldiers on duty there in my office as soon as this crisis is over. You as well, Major."

"Sir?"

Conner scowled. "You were the commanding officer for the watch, son."

Finn didn't get angry. Didn't seem to react at all, except to nod. That was a credit to him. "Yes sir," he said.

"Dismissed," Conner said. Then he glanced up at the clock. "Is General Adam ready with Project Six?" he asked.

A dark-haired woman with captain's wings on her uniform nodded. "Yes, sir," she said. "But we've never actually tested Project Six in real combat situation. Is it really ready for this?"

"Captain, Atlantean infiltrators have just met up with a flying Atlantean who just took no damage from a weapon capable of vaporizing entire city blocks. I don't see that we have a choice." Colonel Conner flipped a switch on the control board in front of him and spoke into the microphone beside it. "Tactical, inform General Adam that we're ready for deployment."



* * *



"...so we need some way of stabilizing ourselves against the effects of an unstable timeline," Prodigy said. "We don't belong here, and we'd rather not just stop existing entirely when this universe goes back to normal."

"Huh," Booster said. "Right. OK. I have no idea how to do that."

Hellion frowned. "This is the right guy, isn't he?"

"Uh, you're Booster Gold, right?"

"That's me."

Mercury exchanged glances with the other X-Men present. "Why would Karen send us to this guy if he couldn't"

"Karen?" Booster asked, interrupting Mercury.

"Yeah," Mercury said. "Karen Zor-L." She looked to Prodigy, "She's not going by 'Starr' anymore, right?"

"Don't think so," Prodigy said.

"You know Power Girl?" Booster asked.

"Her too," Hellion said. "We don't know Kara as well as Karen, though."

Booster blinked. Karen and Kara? "Supergirl's here, too?"

"Who?" Mercury asked.

Booster paused a moment, not really sure what was going on anymore. "Kara Zor-El?"

"What about her?" Mercury asked.

There was movement in the night, though none of those present noticed it. A dark shape all covered in green cloth was coming towards their rooftop in long, bounding leaps.

"Uh," Booster said, "So who's on first?"

The others looked confused.

"Sir," Booster's tiny, floating mechanical companion said, "I have searched my databanks, and I believe I can provide instructions for the manufacture of the devices our new friends require."

"Oh thank God," Booster muttered. "Whatcha got, Skeets?"

"Do you wish me to explain the science, sir?"

Booster thought about it, shuddered, and shook his head. "Magic doohickey that wards off paradox. Got it."

"In essence."

A huge figure covered in green cloth landed on the telekinetic dome with a thud. All eyes went to it even as it reared back its fist and drove it through the barrier. The barrier flashed white, and then burst like a soap bubble, dropping the figure to the roof.

"Shit!" Hellion yelped.

The creature was humanoid, and almost nine feet tall, dressed all in green cloth that covered every inch of its body, but failed to conceal the awful bone-spikes that jutted out of it at its elbows, knees, knuckles, and shoulders. It peered out at the world through two glowing orange lenses affixed to a silver helmet of sorts which swept around to the back of its skull, with tubes reaching down from there to a belt made of the same material. "Freeze," it said, its voice as gravely as if it had been gargling iron filings for an hour.

"No way," Booster muttered, staring at the creature with wide-eyed terror. It was the being he had never wanted to see again. The being that still gave him nightmares. A creature he had fought once before, and which had damn near torn him apart. The creature that had killed Superman.

"Doomsday!"

Then the creature spoke again. "Atlantean agents, by the order of the Surface Defense Protectorate, you are ordered to surrender yourselves."

Everyone on the rooftop froze.

"... You can talk? How?"

The creature seemed to straighten. "My name is General Nathaniel Adam."

Booster blinked. "Nate?"

Then it charged Booster Gold, its ever footstep carving furrows into the roof. He barely managed to evade its punch, and when he hit it back, all he succeeded in doing was tearing the cloth covering the creature's face, revealing bone spikes and grey skin on a face that only looked vaguely human. "I am authorized to negate your threat by any means necessary," it said.

Spider-Woman's venom blast struck the creature, and she might as well not have fired at all.

Without Surge there to lead them, leadership of the New X-Men defaulted to Prodigy, and he went into action immediately. "Hellion, Mercury, battle plan four."

Hellion and Mercury nodded, and that was as far as they got before Booster yelled out, "Don't let it hit you! This thing is the biggest nightmare threat the world has ever seen! If it hits you, you're dead!"

Doomsday smirked, and it looked strangely wrong on the creature's face, as if it were only aping the human expression without actually feeling the emotion behind it. "Surrender or be destroyed."

"This is a mistake," Booster said. "We're not who you think we are. We're not with Atlantis."

"A likely story," General Adam said through Doomsday's lips. This time, his bony spikes struck home as he drove them into Booster Gold's stomach, straining the man's force shield to its limits and sending him staggering backwards.

"Damn it!" Booster Gold yelled.

Mercury struck the beast full in the face with a fist in the shape of a warhammer. Doomsday whirled towards her, growling low and dangerously, but it was operating at human speed, and she was able to react in time to save herself from its returning punch: she shapeshifted a hole into her center of mass where its bony fist would have otherwise connected, and it struck nothing but empty air. Mercury flowed around its fist, literally, her body morphing wildly to avoid contact with its follow-through, and then she was slashing at its eyes with fingers in the shape of blades. She sliced neatly through the lenses of its helmet's goggles, and her blade-fingers scraped savagely against its eyeballs, and against the bone-spikes that grew out around them, and she drew back her hand with a pained hiss and retreated out of melee range.

Her attack did precisely nothing.

Spider-Woman followed up with a kick to the creature's crotch. That, at least, got its attention, and she nimbly avoided its return attack just as Booster Gold blasted it from behind.

"Batter UP!" Hellion shouted, and sent the thing flying into the air with his telekinesis. It wasn't talking anymore: it was roaring in fury. Up it went a good twenty feet before gravity overcame momentum and it started to come back down. Hellion hit it again, sending it up another twenty feet. Then a thought occurred to him, and he seized Doomsday in his telekinetic grip, holding him immobile in the air a good forty feet above the roof. "So," he said, "This is the biggest nightmare threat the world has ever seen, huh?"

Doomsday roared, flailing its arms in midair, growing angrier by the moment.

Hellion grinned, and set the monster to tumbling head over heels in midair even while it hung helpless. "Big bad Doomsday," he said. "Not so big now, are you?"

"Uh," Prodigy began, "Hellion, maybe you shouldn't make him mad like that."

"The hell are you doing!?" Booster yelled. "Get rid of him! Knock him into orbit if you can! Send him flying as far as you can! You've probably only got seconds until he evolves a countermeasure to your!"

Doomsday roared in triumph: there was a flash of light, and it fell free from Hellion's telekinetic grip.

"... powers," Booster finished.

"Oh, crap," Prodigy, Mercury, and Hellion all said at the same time.



* * *



They flew through sightless caverns and empty places, and only the feeling of the wind of their passage and the warmth of Power Girl's body told Layla she was alive at all. Their pace had slowed, and several times they had to crawl on their bellies to squeeze through terrible narrow passages in the rock, lit only by Layla's flashlight, in order to access deeper, darker caverns beyond where creatures dwelt which had never known the sun. Kara seemed to know the way, seemed not to need the flashlight, even. But even here, in the roots of the world, not all was dark, not all was sightless. In time, Layla became aware of a faint light in the distance - a ghostly blue that cast strange shadows down the widening tunnel. Kara seemed to tense, and her pace quickened.

The tunnel sloped downwards, and they flew down it for several minutes as the light grew brighter around them and the sound of running water grew in the distance. Then, all at once, they reached the bottom, and the tunnel opened into a vast cavern with mushrooms the size of buildings, each of which glowed with a gentle blue light. The cavern walls were different here - too smooth to be natural. Water flowed through the cavern in a gentle river lit from beneath with beds of glowing fungus. Buildings grown from the rock stood at regular intervals, usually beside unfenced fields now grown verdant with glowing plants of every description save leafy. Kara and Layla stood at the beginning of a well maintained road, leading through the mushroom forest and to a great rocky gate set into the far cavern wall, perhaps a mile distant.

"This is Strata?" Layla asked, staring about it wonder.

"Part of it," Kara replied. "Atlee showed me around, once. This is where they grow a lot of their food." She looked around. "But there should be people here."

As she looked upon the gate in the distance, it occurred to Layla that she could hear the distant sounds of battle, muffled but still audible. The occasional incredibly faint, distant scream. Rumbles that could have been explosions. Tremors in the earth.

"... I'm probably worrying for no reason," Kara said. "I'm sure everything's fine. We'll find her, you'll wake up her memories. We'll leave."

Layla shivered in Kara's arms as they flew ever closer to the gate. There was a guard station which had been hastily abandoned further up. Someone's meal stood abandoned but still warm.

"That would work better if I didn't know for a fact that your super-hearing means that you were probably hearing the screaming and the sounds of explosions and tremors in the earth ten minutes before I could."

Kara nodded as she landed in front of the gate. She set Layla down on her feet. "Yeah," she said, "Probably. You ready?"

Layla nodded.

Kara pushed open the gate.

A terrible orange light blazed beyond. The great city of Strata was one of the wonders of the modern world, seemingly grown from the living rock itself, its sweeping columns and spirals and great towers and shining courtyards carved as water carves, with no sign other than its presence and obvious design that ever a tool was pressed to stone. Deceptively delicate aqueducts brought water to every level of the city, and shockingly green of trees were planted in regular intervals along the walkways. Light there was like unto natural sunlight, reproduced here through the technology that was the legacy of the Astronaut God from whom the underground races had sprung. Groves of trees and fungus and vines and many other plants were scattered here and there upon platforms that seemed too delicate to support their own weight. Normally, the walkways would be crowded with Terrans and members of the other races who called Strata home. But not today.

Screams and the sounds of battle flowed freely through the open gate: the city of Strata was on fire. Demons ran loose through the street, slaying all they encountered with wild abandon. The very cavern walls seemed to boil as elemental spirits gone mad poured out of them, sending terrific gouts of flame, water, magma, gusts of wind, and sprays of icy shards in all directions at random intervals. A few powered individuals struggled against that tide, and in the midst of the fray, a lone human-seeming girl with black hair and violet eyes commanded the very rock itself against her enemies as she fought a losing battle to save her city from an all out demonic invasion.

Layla took all this in with wide eyes, and said the only thing that could be said: "Oh, crap."



* * *



The Cosmic Motorcycle shot out of the time-stream and went straight into the wall of a building. Irma had just enough time to recognize the danger she was in. Her heart leaped up in her chest, and then then they were driving up the wall. Driving. Vertically. Up the wall.

That she was able to keep a calm exterior throughout the experience was a credit to her, though no less would be expected of a daughter of Emma Frost.

"According to my helmet's sensors," Patty said, "Booster Gold should be around here somewhere."

They reached the top of the building just in time to see Hellion take a punch from Doomsday. He was able to deflect most of the force by angling his telekinetic shield, but enough go through that he was knocked senseless. Spider-Woman was breathing hard and backing away, Prodigy was hanging back further down the roof, and Mercury was in the process of dodging just a little bit too far when she was already at the roof's edge. She evaded the creature's follow-up to the punch that sent Hellion sprawling, and plummeted from the roof.

Booster Gold let out a curse and dove off the roof after her, put on speed, and caught her just before she would have hit the ground.

"This isn't working!" Mercury shouted even as Booster deposited her back on the roof.

"Everyone can relax," Kid Flash called, "Cavalry's here!"

Doomsday turned to face the new threat.

"Irma!" Prodigy called. "Don't let it touch you! It's as strong as the Hulk!"

Irma's eyes widened, and Patty tried to alter course, but by that time it was too late: the creature's fist hit the Cosmic Motorcycle. The vehicle discorporated into lightning, which quickly reformed into what looked like a futuristic glowing nightstick that clattered across the roof. Irma, Kid Flash, and Hot Pursuit were sent flying.

Even as he tumbled through the air, Kid Flash's eyes widened. On the other side of the country, in Gotham City, Barry Allen became the Flash once more, became the Speed Force conduit, and when he did, the power flowed back to all the others once again. For a moment, a lightning symbol seemed to be imprinted upon Kid Flash's golden eyes."The Speed Force," he whispered. "It's back!"

He blurred, and a millisecond later, he and Hot Pursuit were standing on the roof, completely unharmed.

Irma twisted her body, applied some of the telekinesis she had gained along with her Phoenix-shard, arrested her momentum, and landed as gracefully as if she had planned the impromptu dismount from the beginning.

"All right, people. We need a plan, here. Irma, what do your new friends bring to the table?"

"I'm the fastest teen alive," Kid Flash said proudly.

"... Right," Prodigy replied, a dubious look on his face.

Booster Gold had engaged Doomsday once more, though he was able to trade blows with the creature, his suit's force-field was getting dangerously depleted, and it showed in the increasing look of panic in his eyes.

"Fine," Kid Flash said, "I'll SHOW you." He blurred and then reappeared twenty feet away from Doomsday. Lightning crackled around him, and Doomsday slowed. Slowed. Stopped in mid-punch. The creature seemed frozen where he stood, unable to move, unable to act, unable to do anything.

Booster Gold staggered backwards. "Just need to catch my breath."

Then there was an awful sense of building pressure as Speed Force lightning gathered around Kid Flash. Then he shot forward, the air visibly distorting around his fist. Then he was gone beyond the range of human perception, and all the others saw was a flash of light and an horrific boom of thunder as Kid Flash achieved relativistic velocity and hit Doomsday with an Infinite Mass Punch.

Doomsday vanished across the horizon.

Kid Flash stood directly in front of where the creature had been, his fist still extended. He drew it back slowly, savoring the moment, then turned to face the others with a grin.

Everyone who wasn't Booster Gold or Patty Spivot stared at Kid Flash in utter astonishment.

It was Prodigy who found his voice first. "What the hell was that?"

"Well," Kid Flash said, "First I used the Speed Force to bleed off all his kinetic energy, and then I channeled the Speed Force's extra-dimensional energies to impart the relativistic mass of traveling near the speed of light to my blows. It lets me hit with the force of a white dwarf star."

"What."

Kid Flash looked around, feeling a little uncomfortable at the reactions of those present. "What?" he asked.

"You punched him at nearly the speed of light?" Prodigy asked.

Kid Flash nodded.

"How did your fist not turn into a thermonuclear blast?"

"Uh, why would it do that?"

Prodigy's eyebrow twitched slightly. "Because it's moving at NEARLY THE SPEED OF LIGHT. Every air molecule between you and your target should have been fusing with your hand."

Kid flash blinked. Then he thought about it. "Speed Force?"

"What."

Kid Flash shrugged.

Irma frowned, and briefly waved her hand in front of Prodigy's face. "I think you broke him," she said, and when he shot her an annoyed look, she winked at him.

Hellion coughed, tried to pick himself up off the roof, and stopped short with a pained wince. "Ugh," he muttered, "Think I might have broken a rib." He looked up. "Hey, uh, Celeste."

"It's Irma," Irma said.

"Irma," Hellion confirmed.

Prodigy shook his head, and then looked at Hellion. "You OK, man?"

Hellion coughed again, winced again. "Been better."

"Uhuh. Now what important lesson have we learned today?"

Mercury helped Hellion to his feet, he coughed a third time, and then he managed, "... Don't taunt the nice Doomsday monster when you've got it at your mercy and should be getting rid of it."

"Exactly."

Hellion glanced sidelong at Mercury. "You know what I miss?" he asked.

"What's that?"

"Bad guys in our own weight class," Hellion said. "Remember when we used to fight bad guys who couldn't really do worse to you than break an arm, or maybe blast you with ice-beams or something?"

Mercury looked a little wistful at that. "Good times," she said.

"Good times," Hellion agreed.



* * *



Atlee fought at the heart of the storm. Not for her own life, but for the lives of every citizen of Strata. Failure was unacceptable, and that meant that failure was impossible. It was as simple as that in her mind. She had to win, and so she would. There wasn't any other choice. She would stop these creatures, and that was all there was to it. With a gesture, she rent apart a hostile being made of rock and magma and sent its shards spraying into a host of lesser demons. The magma did not trouble them, but the rock pierced each of them in a dozen places. They fell, and did not rise. A moment later, a demon-summoned blast of magma took her on the left side and knocked her over, but otherwise seemed not to harm her. "I really hate magic!" she muttered. "I really, REALLY hate magic."

The few other empowered Stratans were somewhere behind her. She couldn't see them anymore. There were too many demons. Too many maddened elementals. Her breath was labored now, and for all that she could clear the streets in front of her with a wave of her hand and a surge of earth and stone, another wave of demons replaced the first almost as quickly as she could crush them.

She had to get to the sorcerer. He was the one controlling all of this. Directing all of this. He was somewhere ahead - she caught glimpses of him from time to time. All she needed to do was

A blast of hellfire sent her scrambling for cover and disrupted her train of thought. She sent horrible shards of stone, each several hundred pounds and sharpened to needle-points all in a volley after the source of the hellfire, and was rewarded by a bellow of rage. She grinned fiercely and pressed her attack, putting a shell of stone between herself and a magical blast of concussive force that shattered it. She took the opportunity to send its fragments into the demonic ranks at gunshot-speed. A shadow passed over her, and she had time to duck before a hell-wrought scythe passed through the space her head had only just evacuated. She spun, came up on the balls of her feet, and swung her fist at the sword-wielder; rock gathered to her fist as she did, and when she struck the red-skinned, black-armored scythe-wielder with his heavy roman-style helmet, she hit him not with her own flesh, but with an enormous stone fist that weighed nearly a ton by itself.

He was rocked back on his heels, but he recovered with far more speed than was fair. A wave of his hand sent the rock flying backwards away from her. "Foolish girl," he said. "You stand before Lord Satanus of Hell. Surrender, and I may-" and that was as far as he got before she summoned a wave of stone and magma to crush him like a bug. She poured on the pressure, building force upon force until the deceptively liquid-behaving stone she wielded against him began to crumble and crack from the forces being exerted by it and upon it.

There was a flash of red light accompanied by the smell of brimstone, and rock exploded out from the demon in a blinding rain. The demon towered over Atlee, glaring down at her.

"Sorry," she said with a smirk. "I keep forgetting. This is the part where you monologue at me. Continue."

"I may not have access to my full power under these binding, but I have more than enough to-" and she crushed him beneath another torrent of rock.

When he emerged again, it was with a furious roar and a swipe of his scythe that came too quickly for her to react to. She was dead. She was SO dead.

A hand struck the flat of the scythe hard enough to send cracks throughout its frame and swatted it away. Then there was a blur, and something struck the demon with the force of a runaway train. It went flying backwards into the cavern wall. Twenty FEET into the cavern wall.

Atlee looked up. A teenaged girl was floating there clad all in red, white and blue, younger than she remembered but still recognizable, and her heart leaped at the sight. Before this moment, Atlee had been half-convinced that she'd only dreamed of the surface, of the Justice Society, and of "Power Girl," she breathed.



* * *



Gotham looked different from the rooftops. The glow of city lights seemed to fill everything. The sound of the wind was omnipresent, and the vast shapes of zeppelins moving above the city, docking with skyscrapers, lent a strange and ghostly feeling to the skyline. He was waiting for them on the roof of one of the many Wayne casinos, beside the mooring mast where his airship had docked. It was raining, and the scent of petrichor had replaced the more normal and less pleasant smells of Gotham city.

"I have to admit," Cyborg said as the group approached, "I didn't expect your call." He was a tall black man, broad shouldered and handsome, and the left side of his face had been replaced with gleaming metal and a glowing red eye. He was covered in armor, all shining steel over a flexible, matte black underarmor that protected his joints.

"Vic?" Flash asked. "You look broader. Taller."

Cyborg glanced at Flash. "Have we met?"

"My name is Barry Allen," Flash said, "But"

"You've never met," Batman broke in. "He's new to Gotham. Super-speed. Goes by the name The Flash."

The others introduced themselves in turn. Elixir, Dust, Rockslide, Miss Marvel, and good God but it felt weird for Karen to stand in front of the goddamn Batman and say, "You can call me Nightwing." If this had been Bruce Wayne and not Thomas, she was pretty sure she wouldn't have had the nerve.

Now that she thought about it, Thomas Wayne's Gotham DID seem a lot more Frank Miller than the normal one did. Maybe no. She stopped that train of thought in its tracks, took it out back, and shot it in the back of the head, execution style. That way madness lay.

"All right," Cyborg said. "We know each other's names. Now, why are you here? What do you want from me?"

Karen glanced at the others and opened her mouth to speak. "It's" another voice cut her off even as she began - a resonant, powerful male voice, and filled with the strength of its convictions, and a willingness to do what must be done, no matter the cost. Karen looked up to the voice's source and nearly choked.

"They are here for the same reason that I am here, Victor Stone of Earth," Thaal Sinestro said as he descended from the sky to land amongst the assembled heroes. "They have learned of the Flashpoint, and they are here to save the universe."

END CHAPTER 09



* * *



Author's note: The chapter was getting unmanageably large (I had reached 20k words and counting), and I figured it was better not to keep people waiting for such a long time between updates, so I divided it into two parts. This is the first. Unfortunately, this also meant that most of the scenes with Karen or Kara in them got pushed to the next part. Oh well.





*Chapter 23*: DU: Scattered, Part II


			"I'm here," Power Girl said. The words hung in the air, and even in the midst of raging battle, the whole world seemed to pause for a moment of perfect stillness. Hope rekindled in Atlee's heart. Then the press of battle swept round them again, and there was no more time for words.

The arrival of Power Girl on the battlefield in the underground realm of Strata was like the coming of a god; her breath froze the enemy solid in its tracks; the heat of her gaze burnt scores of them to cinders; and every blow she landed slew a footsoldier in the demonic army, and with Atlee at her side commanding the very Earth itself, it seemed as though the tide had turned.

But the sorcerer who commanded this force knew his business, and rather than throw his summoned troops into the meat-grinder that was the combined power of Terra and Power Girl, he raised his hand. The demons and elemental spirits halted. The battlefield fell silent. And then someone began to clap. Slowly. Unhurriedly. No one joined. A cloaked figure emerged from the ranks of the demon army. A barrier flickered around him, protecting him from harm. "Impressive," he murmured. Then, in a louder voice, "Most impressive. Individually you are each dangerous, to be sure, but as a pair, who can match your might? Even so, you shall not prevail here, Kara of Atlantis."

"You know me?" Kara asked.

"Indeed," the sorcerer replied. "And you know me. You have chosen such interesting allies. The god-blooded champion of the Earth, the little Romani witch." He glanced towards the pile of rubble that stood a good twenty feet from the battle lines, behind which Layla had hid herself.

Kara blinked, and glanced towards Layla. "Romani witch?" she mouthed.

Layla's only reply was a mystified sort of shrug, as if to say, 'I have no idea what he's talking about' without actually saying it.

Kara frowned. "Who are you?" Atlee followed her question a moment later with, "Why are you attacking us?"

The sorcerer looked Kara in the eye. "You do not recognize your own grandfather? How very disappointing." He cast back his cloak; he was a regal man, his every feature etched with nobility. He was tall, white haired and brown eyed, his face unlined and clad in such finery as was scarcely seen in the modern world, and he wore a red gemmed amulet around his neck. "I am Arion the Immortal!" he cried. "Lord of Atlantis, Sorcerer Supreme, Intercessor of Darkworld. From the dawn of time have I tread this earthly coil, standing before the raging evil of Garn Daanuth, Chaon and the Lords of the Seven Hells! Though I am loathe to intervene in the mortal world, I cannot allow this Flashpoint to pass unaddressed. This place must be purged - every trace of the Astronaut God must be purged - if the universe is to be saved."

Kara's eyes widened. Arion. Ahri'ahn the Immortal. The man who had taken her into his family, who had protected her after she'd fallen through the cracks of reality in the wake of the destruction of the multiverse. She hadn't remembered her true self; she'd honestly believed herself to be Kara of Atlantis, granddaughter of Arion the Immortal. She'd believed the lie. She'd believed it until the Psycho-Pirate had shown her the truth. Even then, she'd had doubts until Kal-L and Lois and Superboy Prime and Alexander Luthor had returned and her true memories had been restored. But this man, this version of Arion didn't seem to be aware of the fiction. "Why?" she asked. "Why must this place be purged?"

"The god-blooded are individually dangerous in the best of times, but here beneath the Earth's surface waits an entire civilization touched by Celestial blood. They are a malignancy. A cancer waiting for the chance to spread. Worse, they resist the transformation of the timeline when the alterations must occur if the universe is to be saved."

"You're working for Pandora." It wasn't a question.

Arion's eyes flashed dangerously. "Where did you hear that name? No matter. Stand aside, granddaughter. The purge must continue."

Power Girl shook her head. "You know I can't do that."

Arion nodded gravely. "So be it."



* * *



Destination Unknown

by P.H. Wise

A Power Girl Crossover Fanfic

Chapter 10: Scattered, Part 2

Disclaimer: The DC Universe and its associated characters is the property of DC comics. The Marvel Universe and its associated characters is the property of Marvel Entertainment LLC. Buffy the Vampire Slayer is owned by Fran and Kaz Kuzui. Some of the text of this chapter is taken from the Flashpoint comic series. I don't own that, either. I also don't own The Hollow Men. That's T.S. Elliot.



* * *



There was no signal when battle resumed, but every combatant seemed to recognize it when it happened nonetheless. A moment of perfect stillness, broken only by the sound of a little Terran girl calling for her mother. Then the demonic host surged forward once more, and the battle for Strata resumed. For a few panicked seconds, it was all Power Girl could do to keep the monsters off of Terra. She lost sight of Layla. The girl wasn't at the rubble pile anymore, and she couldn't spare the attention to search for her. Power Girl slew lesser demons with abandon, and as they fell, their false bodies discorporated with a smell like brimstone and sulfur as they returned to the Hell they had been summoned from. Then the two heroes began to press forward, driving into the heart of the demonic mob.

And then they were through. Arion stood in an area clear of all demons, and another cloaked figure stood at his side.

The chamber fell silent once more. The demons hesitated. The other defenders, further back in the chamber, took the opportunity to regroup, and to ferry more Stratans to safety.

"Very well, Kara," Arion said. "You leave me no choice. I shall deal with you myself."

"I'm warning you, Arion," Power Girl said. "Take your army and leave. I've been holding back, but I don't think I can keep doing that if you continue to threaten innocent lives."

Arion laughed contemptuously. "Holding back? Child. The source and the scope of your abilities are well known to me. You never sought to learn the mysteries of magic. You never saw fit to expand your power beyond the blessings I myself placed upon you in your mother's womb. You cannot best me."

"Maybe she can't by herself," Terra said, "But she's not alone."

Arion's gaze met Terra's, and he snarled. "We shall see, god-blood."

Power Girl blurred forward, and bounced off a shield that snapped into existence three feet in front of Arion's form. He spoke a few words in a language that Power Girl could only assume was Atlantean as a circle of spinning arcane symbols appeared beneath his feet, and by the time he'd done so, she'd hit his shield three more times, weakening it with each impact. Then Arion thrust out his hand, discharging a blast of magical energy the size of a school bus directly into Power Girl's face. The blast flung her into the wall of the chamber with the same force she'd struck Satanus with, yet instead of cratering against the wall, the very rock itself seemed to cushion her fall, reacting like foam rubber rather than like a more solid surface. 'Terra,' she realized.

Under Terra's influence, the rock propelled her back at her foe like a sprung coil, but by then he had completed another spell, and a dozen black spheres surrounded by golden lightning bombarded her from above. Power Girl went into a dive, sweeping down towards the region where, under the direction of Arion's fire elementals, a magma flow had broken through the wall of the chamber and was flowing down in a waterfall of fire. The spheres followed on her heels like bloodhounds. Convection that would have killed a human troubled her not at all: she vanished into the steam of the magma-fall hitting water, reversed course, and shot straight up behind Arion and let loose with a tornado-force gust of her own breath.

He had anticipated the move: his barrier was already up, and she flew directly into a second school-bus sized blast of magical energy which smashed her into the wall. Terra wasn't able to soften the impact this time: she had a swarm of spheres of her own to contend with. Power Girl hit the wall with tremendous crack, cratering it for twenty feet around her body. Then the lightning-encased black spheres hit her in a staccato machine-gun pattern, each hammering agony such that she had rarely felt before into her body.

The ground beneath Arion tried to swallow him: a word rendered it calm again. Missiles of stone flew at him, and even as they did, Power Girl let loose with her heat vision, not trying to kill him so much as to distract him. She did neither: his barrier reacted to the heat-beam as if it held some kind of pre-programmed subroutine. The moment her beam struck it, it shifted, and then sent the beam right back into her eyes.

Power Girl let out a pained scream and fell, clutching her eyes in agony. She couldn't see. Where was Atlee? Where was Layla? She rubbed at her eyes, and struggled to open them. Pain. Pain and a blurry, funhouse mirror distorted Strata. She'd done this before: she'd be fine in a few minutes. But a few minutes were not a luxury she had. Terra screamed, and Power Girl couldn't tell what had happened. "No," she muttered. "This isn't how it goes..."

Arion spoke, and bindings of golden light snapped into being around her wrists and ankles, holding Power Girl fixed in place. "This is the only way it could have gone, granddaughter. You made a noble effort, but it's over now."

"Like hell..."

Arion laughed. "You are beaten, girl. Your friend fares no better than you." He gestured, and Terra's similarly bound form floated into Power Girl's distorted view. "Arion the Immortal will not be defeated by an untrained whelp and her god-blooded sidekick. The very idea is laughable."

And that was when Layla Miller completed her spell, empowering the binding circle she had been creating in a great arc around Arion's position in the center of what had once been a great courtyard of Strata. Lines of energy sprang up, tracing the bare bones design of the circle and flaring violently as Arion's magic suddenly failed him, and the link to his army ceased to exist. The link to their summoner was broken, and without his power to give them substance, the false bodies manifested by the summoned demons could not endure: each of them vanished in a flare of angry red light, and all of Strata stank of brimstone.

"That was foolish, witch," Arion said. "You may have dismissed my army, but you have also revealed yourself, and so wrought your own doom!"

But Layla had not been idle. Even as Arion monologued, she was working a second spell. It took all of her magical reserves to pull it off, but she managed it, and as she completed the spell, the bindings holding Terra and Power Girl in place dispersed into smoke.

"No!" Arion yelled, immediately focusing his power on Power Girl. For Kara, it felt like flying through jello as the air seemed to harden around her, slowing her down, forcing her to use more and more effort just to keep going. The bindings snapped into place around her wrists and ankles once more, and Arion allowed himself the luxury of a relieved sigh.

Terra cold-cocked him with a fist encased in stone. His concentration was shattered, and the bindings around Power Girl vanished..

Arion fell to his knees, coughing and shaking his head fiercely. "Well... fought," he managed after some effort. "But I... did not... come here... alone."

Kara raised an eyebrow, and Terra glanced to where the various demons and elementals had once stood. "We got that," Terra said.

"I think he means he brought backup," Layla said, her voice thick with fatigue. "Besides demons." She gestured to the cloaked figure who had avoided the fight thus far.

Arion let out a pained chuckle. "Behold, Kara of Atlantis. Who better to defeat you than the offspring of your womb? Who better than..."

The cloaked figure threw off his concealing cloak, revealing a blonde man dressed in Atlantean armor. He had blue eyes, a lantern jaw, truly strange thin lips, gums that showed more than they should when he spoke, and cheekbones that you could grate cheese on. "EQUINOX!" he bellowed.

Terra blinked, looking from Kara to Equinox and back. "... offspring of her womb?" she echoed incredulously.

Power Girl looked confused. "Who?" she asked.

"It is I, mother!" Equinox boomed. "Your son! Though admittedly you are considerably younger today than you were when you bore me, and I find this extremely confusing!"

Kara stared at the strange blonde man, trying to recall any feeling of recognition, any memory that might tell her whether or not this was the truth. All she managed to feel was completely baffled. "Not ringing a bell."

Arion almost looked hurt. "... It's Equinox. Your son. Born in accordance to prophecy to serve as the key to the war between light and dark."

"Indeed!" Equinox boomed. "I am called to a higher path! The chosen Great-Grandson of Arion shall be the deciding factor in the GREATEST OF CONFLICTS!"

"And has no inside voice," Layla snarked tiredly.

Power Girl thought about it. Some of her memories from the time immediately after the Crisis on Infinite Earths was admittedly fuzzy, but what Arion was claiming never happened, and to be honest? The very idea of it kind of pissed her off. "Yeah," Power Girl said, "I have no idea what you're talking about. Let me make something perfectly clear, old man. Completely leaving aside the fact that I'd never in a million years let someone use me like that, even if there was some prophecy about 'the great grandson of Arion the Immortal,' that grandson could never come from me. You're NOT my grandfather, and I'm not Atlantean. I'm Kara Zor-L, Kryptonian, and you can go to Hell." She glanced at Terra. "Terra?"

"Blast em?" Terra asked.

Power Girl nodded. "Blast em."

A gust of Power Girl's frost-breath froze Arion and Equinox's feet in place. A moment later, Terra's rock-bombardment delivered them into unconsciousness.

The last rumble of combat faded. And then the cheers began. Sudden and raucous, every Stratan lent their voice to their gratitude for being saved from the purge. Then they were all clapping, too, and Terra, Power Girl, Layla Miller, and the few surviving city defenders were surrounded by the adoring public. Terra hugged her fiercely, and she hugged back as hard as she dared.

"Everyone thought you were dead," Terra whispered, and Power Girl could only hear her because of her enhanced sense of hearing.. "I thought I'd never see you again."

"I missed you, too," Power Girl said, and a sudden surge of emotion went through her; like coming home after years away; like waking up after a months-long sickness and finding yourself unexpectedly well, walking outside into the dew-lit morning a day once again full of promise. Gratitude and joy were only the tiniest parts of it, and wholly inadequate words to encompass the feeling. Her heart swelled, and her eyes glistened with tears. "I didn't mean to go away."

"Where were you?"

Power Girl shook her head. "I it's a long story. A really, really long story." She gestured to the fallen Arion and Equinox. "Will Strata be able to hold them?"

Terra nodded. "We'll fit them with neural-suppressors. It'll make them sleep until the crisis is over, one way or another."

"Good." Power Girl hesitated. "Atlee"

"I know. You want to know why I still remember you, and the world before everything changed, right?"

Power Girl nodded.

"All of us Stratans, Terran and non-Terran alike, were born from the blood of the Astronaut God, Kara. The old records tell us he was a god of the Third World, though his name was lost to history. That means a lot of things, but one of them is that it's hard for changes to the timeline to affect us. One of the elders said it was because we have, um, time inertia. Or something."

Power Girl hugged Atlee again. "Well," she said, "I'm glad you do."

"Us too. Whatever's happening on the surface world right now is completely insane. The whole Earth is angry because of it."

Power Girl nodded. Layla managed to make her way over to the other two, the applause finally tapering off, and Power Girl looked her way. "OK," she said, "Spill. When did you learn sorcery?"

"That's complicated," Layla replied.

Power Girl gave her a look. "Layla," she began.

Layla rolled her eyes. "Ten years in the future, a year from today."

Power Girl blinked, her mind immediately making the necessary connections. "Oh. My sympathies."

"What?" Terra asked. "I don't get it?"

"Time travel," Power Girl said.

Terra winced. "Oh." She looked to Layla. "Mine, too."

"Thanks," Layla said with a flat tone.

Terra changed the subject. She looked at Power Girl. "You had mystical pregnancy?" she asked.

Power Girl looked positively squicked by the thought. "Pretty sure I didn't," she said. "I think I'd remember something like that."

Terra shrugged. "Guess you'd know."

They turned, then, the three of them, towards the administrative center of Strata, and the Stratan peoples sang for joy upon the walkways, the squares, in the gardens, and on the streets of the city; voices which had been raised in terror and pain and anguish now lifted in song, for the enemy had been defeated, and their salvation was at hand.



* * *



The boy strikes it, and the creature knows pain. Its trajectory would take it out into the vast cosmic dark were it not for the mountain range in the way. It plows through a hundred feet of rock near Donner Pass and keeps going. Radar tracks its position as it moves across the United States at hypersonic speed, but no longer at escape velocity. He passes over the dead land, the cactus land, and all below are raised stone images.

The link to General Adam is severed over Donner Pass, and round the prickly pear, prickly pear, prickly pear, here we go round the prickly pear at five o'clock in the morning.

It knows not where it lands. The name of Quebec City would be meaningless to the creature, as would any concept of 'city limits.' A funny old man comes to investigate, and the creature ushers him into the twilight kingdom.

There, on the outskirts of Quebec City, the creature sniffs the air. It knows nothing of conception, nor creation, emotion or response, desire or spasm, potency or existence, essence or descent. It knows nothing of endings, bangs, or whimpers.

But it knows its prey, and before it begins to bound away southwards, towards where it can sense living Kryptonians, each great leap covering the span of miles, the creature utters the word, "Meh-trop-lissss"

The old man's corpse gives no reply.



* * *



"Sinestro!" Karen and The Flash said with the same tone of shocked recognition, then exchanged glances, then looked back to the Green Lantern. The rain continued without pause.

Sinestro raised an eyebrow. "Have we met?" When both of them hesitated, he nodded in understanding. "Ah. I take it you have encountered my counterpart in the prior timeline."

"You could say that," The Flash said.

"Thaal Sinestro," Cyborg said. "We've had very positive experiences working with Abin Sur. It's good to know another Green Lantern is on hand. Will you be working with Mr. Sur?"

Sinestro shook his head. "Abin has been recalled to Oa on a matter of some urgency. I have been sent to pick up where he left off."

"You're here to help us?" Karen asked incredulously.

"Is it so hard to believe?" Sinestro asked.

"Frankly," Flash said, "Yes."

Cyborg frowned. "That's enough," he said. The Green Lanterns have been nothing but helpful to the people of Earth. I won't have you insulting one without cause."

Karen gave Cyborg an 'are you crazy?' sort of look. "But he's..."

"I said that's enough."

Karen broke off and exchanged another worried look with the Flash, and not for the first time wished she'd been more of a comics nerd than she was. Green Lantern had never been something she'd spent much time reading - as Xander, she'd been more of a Superman fan, though that extended out to the rest of the Superman family as well. She knew the basic Green Lantern information, of course. Hal Jordan was the hero, except when the hero was, uh, Kyle something? But Sinestro was the villain. Not a Green Lantern villain. The Green Lantern villain. Though she was pretty sure he was a yellow lantern or something, which he obviously wasn't in this timeline. Maybe he wasn't so bad here?

 Yeah, that wasn't convincing even in her internal monologue.

"All right," Cyborg said, "You're here to save the universe. Spill the details."

With yet one more look in askance to Sinestro, they told him. When they were done, Cyborg raised an eyebrow. "You got any proof of this?"

"There is a prophecy," Sinestro began.

"Proof that doesn't involve prophecies," Cyborg said. Sinestro's jaw tightened at that, but he nodded and fell silent. Cyborg continued, "You say you've got Lois Lane. She's working for me. Can you bring her here?"

"In fact," Karen said, "We can." She reached for her nonexistent pockets. Oh, right. She'd had to go with the costume Power Girl gave her. The one that showed way more skin than she was comfortable showing, and didn't have any pockets. Why had she done that again? Oh, right. Because Power Girl had given it to her. "Hey Santo, you got the extra gem?"

Rockslide shook his head. "Not me. Pretty sure Miss Marvel had it."

"No pockets," Miss Marvel said.

"I got it," Luke Cage said, pulling a blue gem from the pocket of his blue-jeans. He held it up. "You want me phone home?" he asked.

Miss Marvel nodded. "Do it."

"Tell them we need Lois Lane," Karen said. "If they can send her right to us, great. If not, just talking to us would be better than nothing." A beat passed, and she looked down at her costume and blushed. "... and can you have her bring me a spare uniform from the Blackbird?"

Luke Cage laughed. "I'll tell her."

Cage walked a few steps away and began a conversation with Heimdall on the other end of the Rainbow Bridge, and the others began to talk amongst themselves. All but Cyborg, who stood ramrod straight, waiting for the news, and Sinestro, who frowned thoughtfully as he studied Karen. Presently, he held up his hand. "Ring," he said. "Identify species."

What? Why would he care about that? Could a power ring even identify her species?

"Species identified: Kryptonian."

OK, apparently it could.

Sinestro raised an eyebrow. "Kryptonian?" He spoke to Karen, then. "Forgive me. I'd been led to believe that Krypton was destroyed, and all its people with it."

A sudden sense of being inside of the symbioship that had carried her to Earth rose up around her. The familiar VR city, the simulations of her parents who had raised her, the other citizens, her friends - each one a simulation of someone who would have been one of her peers if Krypton hadn't been destroyed. She'd known it was a simulation. They'd never hid that from it. But it had felt real, and No. That wasn't her memory. That was one of Kara's. There'd been a little bit of crossover between the two during the time they'd shared a body, and some of the memories lingered. She'd probably made that a little worse when the Cuckoos had given her Kara's ability to control her own powers, but it was still unusual for her to experience a memory like that. Especially after she'd joined with Divine.

Sinestro was waiting for an answer, and the Flash was listening to their conversation, too.  and so was Miss Marvel. Damn.

Karen decided to be as honest as possible. "I don't know all the details," she said, "But a few families realized what was coming. My family managed to send a few of its children to safety. My, uh, father, Zor-L, put my sister Kara in a symbioship and sent her to Earth. Zor-L's brother, Jor-L, sent his son as well. I arrived later. It's kind of a long story." She tried to ignore the Flash's gaze. Didn't meet it. He didn't say anything.

Sinestro nodded. "I know well the pain of being one of the last survivors of one's world. My condolences to you, and to your sister, Miss"

"Zor-L," Karen said. "Karen Zor-L."

"Miss Zor-L."

Karen nodded, letting out a breath. Was she really here, right now, having a pleasant chat with Sinestro?  Apparently so. "Thanks," she managed. "I appreciate that, um, Mr. Sinestro."

He smiled, and when he did, the harsh lines of his face seemed to vanish into geniality. His smile was pleasant, actually. She hadn't expected that. If she'd been attracted to men, even with the red skin she'd have called him handsome. "Please," he said. "Call me Thaal."

And now Sinestro was flirting with her. Life had officially taken a turn for the weird. 'Come on, Karen,' she thought, 'You can deal with this.' How do you show that you're not interested? Amend that: how do you show someone you're not interested without punching them in the stomach or telling them to get lost or something? Mention her girlfriend? Tell him she's gay? "Thaal it is," she said distantly. Or that. Right.

He chuckled. "I apologize, Miss Zor-L. It was not my intent to make you uncomfortable."

Karen flushed red with embarrassment. "Uh, it's OK. I'm, uh, you didn't make me uncomfortable."

"I see. I will trouble you no more."

He moved off to speak with Cyborg, then, and Karen glared down at her own hands, mentally kicking herself for how poorly she'd handled that. She walked to the edge of the roof and looked down at the streets of Gotham city.

"Well," the Flash said as he came to stand by the edge of the roof, a yard or two away from her. "That was weird, even by my standards."

"That's what she said," Karen replied without thinking. And then realized what she'd said and had another full-body blush. "Um. Hi."

Flash laughed softly, but there was no mockery in it. "So," he said, "What's your story? Because I know for a fact Power Girl doesn't have a sister."

Karen looked up at him. The others were out of hearing range, and she was pretty sure none of them had superhuman hearing. Should she tell him about being Xander? About the whole experience so far?  No. Keep it simple. "I'm her clone," she admitted.

Flash nodded. "Cadmus?" he asked.

Karen made a face. "Not exactly," she said. She took a breath and turned to face the Flash. "Doctor Sivana," she said.

The Flash's eyes narrowed. "Sivana? With the Injustice League?"

Karen nodded. "That's the guy."

"Does Karen know?" The Flash asked.

Karen blinked. "What?" A pause. Oh. Right. Power Girl had been going by 'Karen' for the last couple of years before all this happened. "She goes by Kara now. And yeah. She knows." She looked The Flash in the eye. "Are you going to tell anyone?" she asked.

The Flash shook his head. "I'm going to confirm your story with Power Girl, but aside from that? Not unless you prove that I need to. Otherwise, it's your secret."

Karen nodded. "Thanks." The sky was beginning to brighten on the eastern horizon. Sunrise wasn't far away, though chances were they wouldn't see it through the rain. She didn't feel tired, though. At all. "Flash?" she asked.

"Hmm?"

"We're going to fix this. All of this."

The Flash was silent for a moment. Then he nodded. "I know we are. I just hope it doesn't come at too high a price, and I wish..." he trailed off.

Karen swallowed thickly. "Yeah," she said. "Me too." She paused. "We can't trust Sinestro."

"Flash Fact," The Flash replied with the faintest of smiles.

"He's probably going to betray us at some point."

The Flash nodded.

Another voice spoke, then, harsh and low. Batman. How long he'd been there, Karen had no idea, but she jumped at the sound, and it took a half second before she actually processed what he'd said. "You've got a reason to distrust him?"

"Gah!" Karen took a few breaths, trying to still her nerves. "How long have you been there?"

"Long enough," Batman replied.

"He's evil. Seriously. He'll turn on us sooner or later. We can't trust him," she said again.

Batman's expression did not change. "I don't trust any of you," he said.

"Good," Karen replied. Then she blinked. "Wait, what?"

Batman didn't reply, and cloaked in shadow with his glowing red eyes, he didn't need to.

Karen shivered. "Right."

They'd moved since the battle against Doomsday. Outside of Coast City. They were heading down into Marin County, now, moving at low enough altitude to stay off the radar. Booster Gold was carrying Prodigy, Irma and Spider-Woman were flying on their own, and Hellion was carrying Mercury. Kid Flash and Hot Pursuit kept up on the ground without trouble. They didn't stop till they hit Point Reyes, where they finally halted a little ways from a red wooden building with a sign out front that read 'Station House Cafe.' It was closed now. It was night, and nobody was on the street. Not that many people lived here to begin with. That had been ten minutes ago, and Prodigy had been working on the communicators ever since.

"... Almost," he muttered. "Almost got it"

"Booster," Irma said, "We've got something for you to take a look at."

Booster raised an eyebrow. "Oh?"

Kid Flash nodded. "We nabbed some supplies from Brainiac in the 31st Century. We were hoping you could take a look at them and tell us if we got anything useful."

Booster shrugged. "I can't promise anything, but I'll take a look. Skeets, you up for this?"

Booster Gold's little robotic sidekick bobbed up and down. "Ready!"

Kid Flash emptied the bike's saddlebags, and Skeets began to scan it almost immediately. A moment later, Skeets tilted sideways. "Most of this is not useable," it announced. "But this device" a beam of light illuminated a spherical object with no obvious means of interface, "Appears to be a teleportation relay. An active relay, in fact. I am currently jamming its signal as a safety precaution."

Irma picked up the sphere, and a holographic display sprang into being at her touch. "Teleportation relay? Interesting."

"Indeed," Skeets said, "But without a primary system for it to connect to, its usefulness is limited at best."

"Almost there" Prodigy muttered. Then the communicator he was working on let out an odd little warbling click. A moment later, all the other communicators did the same. "And done," he said. He activated the communicator. "This is Prodigy, calling anyone who can hear my voice. Avengers, New X-Men, please respond."

Silence, and then: "This is Miss Marvel. What's your location, Prodigy?"

Hellion grinned. "All right," he said. "Now we're getting somewhere."

"Miss Marvel, Prodigy. I'm with Hellion, Mercury, Spider-Woman, Phoenix, Booster Gold, Kid Flash, and Hot Pursuit. We're at the Point Reyes Station south of Coast City."

"I read you, Prodigy. I'm in Gotham City with Nightwing, Rockslide, Elixir, Dust, Batman, the Flash, and Cyborg."

Kid Flash immediately looked up. "Barry, or Wally?" he asked.

There was a pause as the question was relayed.

"Barry," Miss Marvel relayed through the communicator.

"Can I talk to him?" Kid Flash asked.

"When we're done here," Prodigy replied.

A moment later, another voice spoke over the comm, "This is Logan. I'm in Central City with Laura, Iron Man, and Noriko."

"Anyone seen Steve?" Miss Marvel asked.

"I'm here," Captain America replied. "The Rainbow Bridge dropped me off with Mr. Madrox in Scotland. We've relocated to England. We're working with the Resistance against the Amazonian occupation."

"All right, people," Iron Man said over the commlink, "We need to rendevouz. Steve, you'll have to sit tight until we can get to you. The rest of you, can you get to Gotham?"

Cyborg spoke next, "Metropolis would be better. I've got a secure location we can meet at."

Spider-Woman shook her head, though none of the others could see it. "Unless you can arrange transport for us, I think we're stuck here."

A pause. Then Miss Marvel said, "Flash is asking you to confirm that you've got both Kid Flash and Hot Pursuit with you at Point Reyes south of Coast City."

"Confirmed," Spider-Woman said.

"He says he'll be right there."

Prodigy raised an eyebrow. "He'll be right here? He's over a thousand miles a..."

The Flash decelerated into view, surrounded by crackling speed-force lightning.

"...way," Prodigy finished.

"Grandpa!"

The Flash grinned and ruffled Kid Flash's hair. "Heya Bart," he said. "It's good to see you." He nodded to Booster Gold, "Booster." Then he looked at Hot Pursuit and raised an eyebrow. "OK, that's new. Are you yet an alternate reality version of me, or"

Hot Pursuit put a hand on the back of her helmet, and though her face could not be seen, her body language showed her discomfort. "Not exactly," she said.

The Flash blinked. "Patty?"

"Guilty," Hot Pursuit admitted.

"How'd you get the bike? And the costume?"

"She stole it from a police evidence locker," Kid Flash said.

"Hey!"

"Well, it's true!"

Ms. Marvel held up a hand as she interrupted, "Look, as touching as this scene is, we either need a way to get to Metropolis, or we need to go to ground."

The Flash and Kid Flash exchanged glances. The Flash nodded at his grandson.

"The Flash and I can channel some velocity into the rest of you through the Speed Force so we can all run across the country in the space of a few seconds," Kid Flash said. He thought about it. "We can pick up your friends, too. Logan, right?"

Irma, Hot Pursuit, and Booster Gold knew better, but the others reacted with no small degree of incredulity. Prodigy probably summed it up best: "What."

Kid Flash grinned, and Booster Gold nodded. "Not a bad idea," Booster said.

"You can do that?" Mercury asked.

Kid flash nodded. "Kid Flash fact."

Prodigy hesitated, and then just decided to go with it. "I guess I always wanted to be able to tell the laws of physics to shut up and sit down," he said. "Let's do it."



* * *



Earth 616

Asgardia

Lois Lane didn't need the crutches anymore. The others had been gone for four hours, and in that time, Eir's healing power had restored her to health. And in that time, all she could think about was Clark, alone, the subject to her father's experiments. The father she hadn't seen since he'd supposedly been killed, but now that she had her real memories back, she realized that he hadn't died - he was trapped in the Phantom Zone.

Real. Were the memories of her life with Superman more real than the memories of her life in the other world? She wasn't sure. Maybe it didn't matter. Even as the thought occurred to her, she knew it to be a lie: it mattered. Her husband wouldn't remember her. Never mind that they were both years younger than they should be, he wouldn't remember her except as the little girl he protected from

...from Project Zero.

Word had been sent. She was needed. It was time to cross the Rainbow Bridge. The door to her chamber opened, but it wasn't Heimdall. Lois looked up. Brunnhilde was waiting at the doorway.

"If you're here to try to convince me to stay here while other people fight to save my world, you can save your breath," Lois said.

Brunnhilde held up her hand. "Peace, Lois Lane. In truth, I am here to ask if you wish to arm yourself before you join the others on your Earth."

Lois blinked. "Arm myself?" she asked.

"Come," Brunnhilde said. Lois followed. It was hard not to when a Valkyrie asked you to go with her.

And when they reached their destination, surrounded by the armory of the Valkyries of Asgard, Lois Lane smiled fiercely. "Arm myself."



* * *



New Earth

The Flashpoint

When Irma arrived on the rainy rooftop of that stupid Wayne Casino in Gotham city, speed force lightning curling around her as she emerged from Kid Flash's shared velocity, Karen let out a breath she hadn't known she'd been holding, and she grinned. "God, Irma, it's good to see you." She drew Irma into her arms and kissed her fiercely. "Everything all right on your end?"

Irma nodded. "A few misadventures. Nothing a little time travel couldn't fix."

"Time travel?"

"Don't ask."

"... Time travel?"

Irma didn't quite smile, but it was there in her eyes. "It's a long story."

"She wound up in the 31st century, and we used a cosmic motorcycle to get back," Kid Flash said helpfully.

"... Apparently not that long."

"Right," Karen said. She looked to the others. "Everyone else is all right?" she asked.

Prodigy nodded. "We're good. We had a run-in with Doomsday, but Kid Flash dealt with it."

Karen raised an eyebrow. "Dealt with it?" she asked.

"Don't ask."

"Right," Karen said again. She and Irma drew away from the others, then, and Karen frowned. "Hey, I've been meaning to ask, where are Phoebe and Celeste?"



* * *



"We don't understand why you're being like this, Irma," Celeste said. They were in their room all together, the door shut. Irma was packing an overnight bag. Phoebe and Irma both looked at Celeste, and Celeste sighed. "... OK, that's not true. We understand, we just think it's stupid."

"She thinks it's stupid," Phoebe clarified, "I think it's boring."

"I know," Irma said.

"I get it," Celeste said. "You like her. We all feel that because you do. And you like having something that's only yours like what you and Karen have is. Fine. You want to have something that's just for you? We'll go shopping. You can get some nice shoes and we promise to never ever wear them. And we'll all live happily ever after and not die the way someone always does when one of us falls in love."

Irma shook her head. "We'll be leaving soon. You two should pack." She could feel their fear. Their fear for her, the fear of losing another part of themselves. She felt it, too. It was her fear just as much as it was theirs. When Esme had died, when Sophie had died, they hadn't just lost sisters: they'd been diminished. Their greater whole had been made less. The thought of that happening again was terrifying.

"She hasn't though," Phoebe said. "Fallen in love. You haven't, have you?" She didn't really need to ask it out loud. They were joined in mind. They didn't need to say a word, but they were. Sometimes it felt good to talk it out instead of think it. "You like her a lot, and she likes you, and you're both totally attracted to each other. We get that. But you're not in love. So why are you going with her?"

"Does it have to be true love?" Irma asked. "She makes me happy, I like her, she likes me, she's gorgeous, and she wants to be with me. Can't that be enough?"

Silence.

"She's my friend, too. That counts for something, right?

Silence.

"Come on," Irma said. "You should pack something, too."

They both looked at her, and she knew what she'd known for a while now: they weren't coming.

"Celeste," Irma said sadly. "Phoebe."

"We'll always be Three-in-One," Celeste said.

"But we can't come with you," Phoebe finished. "Not this time."



* * *



Irma didn't flinch. She didn't look away. She showed no sign of the sadness she felt, of the emptiness inside her where the telepathic link with her sisters was supposed to be, and would be again when she came home. "They decided it would be better to run interference for us back home," she said.

"Huh," Karen said. "That was nice of the" she trailed off. "You had a fight. You can have fights?"

"We're not the same person," Irma said. "Well, we are, but we aren't." A pause. "We had a fight."

"Hey," Karen said, "It's OK."

They stood like that in silence, Karen's arm around Irma, and Irma put her head on Karen's shoulder. The rain had soaked them both to the skin, but that didn't matter. What mattered was...

"Hey, you're not the only people here, you know," Kid Flash said.

 and the moment was over.



* * *



When Lois Lane returned to New Earth, she returned bearing the arms and armor of a Valkyrie of Asgard, and with Heimdall at her side. The Rainbow Bridge's fiery passage deposited them at the very feet of Cristo Redentor in Rio de Janeiro. There were no city lights in the pre-dawn twilight; the thunder of artillery rang out again and again. The city was burning. Warships filled the harbor and aircraft filled the sky; the Brazilian navy was making its last stand against the the Nazi war machine. Lois had known things were bad in South America, that the Fifth Reich was on the march and had taken most of Brazil, but with everything else going on in the world, with all of Africa crushed beneath the boot of Grodd, with all of Europe destroyed by tidal waves as Atlantis and Themyscira made war, with Alaska and northwestern Canada overrun by zombies, the Middle East conquered by the Teth-Adam and Isis, India suffering beneath the Outsider's iron fist the enormity of the nightmare that was the world hit her in a rush, and for a moment it was all she could do to stand.

How had things gotten this bad? Were they this bad in Asia as well? There hadn't been any news out of China or Japan for God, a year?

A nearby explosion shocked her back to reality.

"Miss Lane?" Heimdall asked.

Lois shook her head. "I'm fine," she said. She tapped her communicator. "This is Lois. We're at Cristo Redentor in Rio de Janeiro."

The Flash was there a few seconds later, and that brought back a whole host of memories that Lois didn't have time to deal with right now. He surveyed the city, and Lois immediately knew what he was going to ask. She forestalled him: "Get as many civilians to safety as you can," she said. "We'll be fine." She looked to Heimdall. "Right?"

Heimdall's expression grew severe, but he nodded. "Provided the delay is not over long, my power shall protect thee this day, Miss Lane."

The Flash vanished. It took him ten minutes to evacuate the surviving civilians from the city and to relocate them to the relative safety of Puerto Rico. Two hundred thousand people, speed lent to five at a time, running over land and sea to Puerto Rico and back some 40,000 times. Ten minutes during which Lois could do nothing but watch as the Brazilians made their stand against the Fifth Reich. A few explosions came uncomfortably close, and Lois heard the sound of shouting and gunfire a few hundred yards distant, but that was all. Then the Flash returned and held out his hand. She took it.

"Run," he said.

They ran. The Flash, Lois Lane, and Heimdall of Asgard. The Flash lent them speed, and they crossed the ocean as if it were solid ground. Time seemed to slow down - or maybe her perceptions sped up. It didn't feel like it took a long time, but Lois was aware of every step of the run nonetheless.

It took six seconds to get to Metropolis from Rio de Janeiro. Then she, the Flash, and Heimdall arrived in a large room dominated by communications equipment and monitor screens. Cyborg was there already, as was Iron Man, Kid Flash, Booster Gold, Karen, and a few others, including a Green Lantern she didn't recognize.

Lois glanced at each person in turn, speed force lightning fading from around her, and then looked to Cyborg. "Well," she said, "I'm back."

Cyborg's lips twitched, as if haunted by the ghost of a smile. The expression seemed strange to her after ten minutes in a war zone. "Miss Lane," he said, "I can honestly say I did not expect to see you return like this," he said.

Lois excused herself for a few minutes. When she returned, Iron Man brought her up to speed. Told her what they'd gone over so far. Explained Cyborg's objections, and his need for proof. "Everything they've told you is true, Cyborg. I've been to Asgard." She gestured to Heimdall, "This is Heimdall. The Heimdall. He's here to help." Heimdall inclined his head. Lois went on. "The world is really going to end tomorrow. We can't stop that. But we can save as many people as possible. And we have a plan."

Cyborg nodded. "All right. Let's hear it."

They talked. They talked and they planned, and the discussion lasted for nearly an hour as they hammered out the details of what was to come.

"How many people can this Rainbow Bridge of yours take across to the other world?" Cyborg asked.

"Its capacity is not at issue," Heimdall replied. "What is at issue is its stability. Had I another season to calibrate it, I would not hesitate to employ it here. But there is no way of telling where those transported by the bridge will emerge into Midgard. Some would make it to safety, no doubt, but others might be deposited in the vacuum of space, others in the void between realities, still others might emerge inside the earth, others under water, still more in the air."

Cyborg frowned. "Is there any way to stabilize the gateway? Anything we can do on this side?"

Heimdall shook his head. "At your current level of technology, I do not believe so."

Irma spoke up, then. "What if we had access to a teleportation relay from a much more advanced civilization?" she asked.

"I believe I could jury-rig a teleportation gate using that and the other supplies brought back from the 31st century," Skeets said. "Sir, may I have your permission to assist in this?"

Booster Gold nodded. "Sure, Skeets. Soon as you're done with the temporal stabilizers."

Heimdall thought about it. "If your technology can be made to interface with Bifrost, yes. But how do you propose we acquire such a thing?"

Kid Flash and Patty Spivot exchanged glances, and Irma looked like butter wouldn't melt in her mouth. "I already have, honored Heimdall" Irma said, and as the formality of her language increased, a faint hint of her mother's fake British accent entered her voice. "I did it eight hours from now. And I can deliver it wherever you like in twenty."

The next few minutes were consumed by a discussion of the best site to set up the gateway. Well, more accurately, it consisted of Heimdall saying that it must be London, must be the southern end of London Bridge, in fact, and Cyborg trying to convince him to put it somewhere else.

"It's going to be a logistical nightmare getting as many people as possible from the United States to the heart of Amazonian territory," Cyborg said. "And we'll be taking civilians - refugees - into a war zone."

Lois sighed. "If they stay, they die," she said.

"Even with the assistance of a teleportation gate," Heimdall said, "That is the only location on this world with the correctly aspected leylines to support such a large gate between our two worlds. However, I believe I may be able to establish several relays. These would allow mortals to be shunted to the gate by crossing through these relays. From there, it will be another fifty yards to the gate itself and safety, provided the gate is properly attuned."

Karen nodded. "That would be easier if Layla were here. If she could get to Wonder Woman and wake her up to her memories of the other timeline"

As if summoned by those words, the floor seemed to part like water in the western side of the room, allowing Layla Miller, Kara Zor-L, and Atlee to enter the chamber from below.

"Speak of the devil," Karen said.

Atlee blinked, and looked at Kara. "You have a twin?" she asked.

Kara smiled. "I'll explain later."

"OK," Karen said. "Apparently we've got Layla. Hey Kara." Her eyes widened slightly. "Is that?"

Kara nodded.

Karen grinned, but didn't say whatever she was going to say on account of annoyed shushing from the others.

"We heard most of what you were discussing through the stone," Kara said, nodding in acknowledgement to Atlee, whose powers had made that possible.

"My people can help with your evacuation," Atlee said, "We've got some really advanced technology compared to what you have available up here."

"What do you want in exchange?" Cyborg asked.

"To come with you," Atlee replied. "We plan on coming back here afterwards, but it won't be safe for us here until everything's settled."

"Are we ready to move on Project Superman?"

Cyborg nodded. "We are. And it's starting to sound like a real plan, too." He smiled a bit ruefully. "Now I just have to convince the President to go along with this."

Then Booster Gold handed out the newly fabricated temporal armbands that would help to stabilize the existence of the non-natives inside the timeline, and the meeting broke up a minute or two later. It was decided: Karen, Kara, Atlee, Wolverine, Layla, Prodigy, Mercury, and Spider-Woman would deal with Project Superman. Heimdall would set up a few transfer points. The Flashes would assist with the evacuation. They'd get as many people as they could, and as much supplies for those people as they could. Everyone else would be going to England to assist Captain America and the Resistance.

Well, everyone except Irma and Hot Pursuit, who apparently had a stable time loop to close.



* * *



The rescue operation at Project Superman was going to begin in six hours. That gave five hours for people who needed it to get a chance to sleep before things got crazy. Irma had already left with Hot Pursuit on her cosmic motorcycle, and there was a noun-phrase Karen had never thought she'd use. She'd offered to go with, but Irma had just smiled and shaken her head. "Go rescue your cross-temporal cousin," she'd said.

All of which left Karen lying on a sleeping bag in a cold concrete room with basically nothing to do except listen to the other New X-Men sleep. Oh, sure, she tried to sleep at first, but she didn't feel tired. She'd been awake for almost twenty four hours now, and she didn't feel tired at all. Not that it was ever easy for her to sleep. Super hearing made even the softest, faintest noises incredibly obvious. She still wasn't sure how she'd managed to sleep all those nights at the Xavier Institute. It wasn't just that at least a couple of couples were coupling every night, and that she could hear all of them - even the ordinary sounds of breathing and snoring in nearby rooms were loud, and that's not even going into things like birds, insects, and passing cars. She'd just never not felt sleepy after twenty four hours awake before.

She knew what it was. The clarity of her memories was another thing that was getting better: Kara had told her that she'd eventually get to the point that her body was so suffused with Solar energy that it wouldn't need sleep anymore, and she knew that it was only a matter of time before she didn't need food, either, but knowing it was coming and experiencing it yourself were two different things.

The sound of voices interrupted her thoughts. It was Atlee's voice coming from the other side of the base, audible only because of her super-hearing. She glanced towards the sound, and allowed her vision to shift until she could see through the walls to where Kara and Atlee were still talking in the otherwise empty meeting room. "You're kidding!" Atlee said, sounding positively horrified. "She was in control of your body? Were you aware of it?"

"I was," Kara replied, and her voice was thick with emotion. "It wasn't her fault that it happened. I could see through my eyes, and hear with my ears, but I tried to move and I wouldn't, I'd try to speak and I couldn't." She lowered her voice, and Karen got a lump in her throat as Kara went on. "I was barely conscious for the first month, but after that it was bad, Atlee. It was really bad. Sometimes I'd be able to talk to Karen, or to one of the telepaths at the school, but most of the time" she trailed off, and Karen realized with a sudden shock that Kara Zor-L was crying.

Atlee put her arms around her, murmured words of compassion and understanding, and Power Girl cried.

Karen looked down at her own hands. She had put Kara through that. Her and Cordelia and whatever power had turned them all into their costumes on that Halloween that had only been a few months but felt like a lifetime ago. She'd never really thought about what it must have been like. She'd seen Kara as a living, moving presence, but that had only been what she'd seen: Kara had never left her own body. Except for those few incredibly brief times when Karen had lost control, Kara had been a prisoner in her own body while someone else ran around in its driver's seat. For months. She felt sick to her stomach.

"I'm sorry," Karen whispered.

It wouldn't have been audible to anyone else, but Kara looked up and met Karen's gaze through the walls of the facility, and the sight of Power Girl's tear-streaked face twisted the knife of guilt in Karen's guts. "It's not your fault, Karen," Power Girl replied. "But if you're going to talk to me, you might as well come out here where Atlee can hear you, too."

Karen tried to smile, but couldn't. She hesitated a few seconds, and then stood up and went out into the other room where Kara and Atlee were waiting. She sat down next to Kara on the opposite side from Atlee and put her arm around the other Kryptonian. "Doesn't matter if it's my fault," she said. "I'm still sorry." There was a lot that was unsaid inside that statement, but Kara seemed to hear it.

"I forgive you, Xander," she said.

Xander. It felt weird to be called that, now. Xander Harris. It was easy to tell herself that she'd never actually been him. That she was just a copy of him. A leftover from the spell cast at Halloween that had somehow wound up in charge instead of fading into Kara's subconscious the way she should have. Maybe that would have been better. But she didn't feel like a copy. When she thought about Tony and mom and uncle Rory, and Buffy and Willow and even Cordelia, and  and Jesse, it felt like they were her family, and her friends. They felt like her memories. And so did Divine's. And she wasn't going to cry. She wasn't going to cry, damn it.

She cried.

She'd come to comfort Kara, but now she was crying, too. For what had happened to Kara, and for herself, and Kara cried with her. Afterwards, Karen felt drained. Emotionally exhausted. And still not sleepy.

Almost an hour later, Karen turned to Atlee with faint smile. "So I'm Karen," she said, and offered a hand..

Atlee didn't quite laugh, but a tiny hesitation on account of not being used to handshakes, she shook Karen's hand. "I got that," she said. "I'm Atlee, though I guess you know that already."

Karen nodded. "Yeah."

A moment passed, and then Karen looked at Kara. "Hey Peej, you mind if I ask you something?"

"Sure," Kara said.

"... Do you think I should try for a secret identity?"

Atlee raised an eyebrow at that, but said nothing. Kara also raised an eyebrow, but was a bit more vocal in her response. "Why do you ask?"

Karen shrugged. "... I don't know. I guess I've been thinking about the future, wondering what's going to happen when all of this is over. When everything goes back to something approaching normal. I'm going to graduate from high school next year, and I don't know. Do you think we should keep what we are and what we can do separate from the rest of our lives?"

"You're probably asking the wrong girl. Sure, I've gone by Karen Starr for a while, and when all this is over, I'm going to have to file a DA-3 form so I can keep my company, but my idea of a secret identity is less 'elaborate performance piece' and more 'put on civilian clothes and a hair band.'"

"DA-3 form?"

"Do they not have those in your world? It's a special circumstances filing for people who've been magically or otherwise de-aged against their will. It's not common, but it happens often enough that there's a standard form for it."

Karen shook her head incredulously. "Oookay," she said. A beat passed. "I'd always wondered why you did the civilian clothes and a hair band thing. Seemed like anyone could have recognized you."

Kara thought about it. "I guess it's different for me. I grew up in symbioship's VR environment. Which means I basically grew up Kryptonian." She gestured to herself. "This IS who I am. Superman, though? ... I might call him Kal-El sometimes, but that's not his real name."

Now there was some food for thought. "Hmm," Karen said. "So it's less about protecting you and more about being who you are?"

"Kind of," Kara said. "Maybe it'd be different if I had family I needed to protect, who could be hurt if anyone knew who I was, but..." She hesitated, and then continued in a much quieter voice, "My Lois Lane died a long time ago."

Karen put her arm around Kara once again with a smile. "Well, now you have a clone." A beat passed. "Sister. I meant to say sister."

Kara laughed, her whole mood visibly lightening, and she hugged Karen fiercely and nodded in confirmation. "Sister."



* * *



The sewers below Metropolis were surprisingly clean. Oh, the water itself wasn't anything you wanted to go wading around in, but the walkways looked like they were cleaned pretty regularly. Karen didn't want to think about the poor shmuck whose job it was to do that. Assuming they didn't use, like, robots or something.

"Which way?" Batman asked.

They were rushing down the walkway alongside the water flow. Cyborg pulled up a holographic map and consulted it a moment. "Just follow me," he said. "I've downloaded the schematics for the Superman Project and its associated complex. It's a multilevel facility about two miles underground redesigned to study Subject 1 and apparently two other rockets that landed on Earth subsequently. Subject 2 and Subject 3. Supposedly, there's also another test subject here called Subject Zero, who was some kind of super-soldier experiment using DNA from something called Project Six under a General Adam. The data on him's been purged pretty thoroughly, though. That's about all I could locate."

"What kind of security we lookin' at?" Wolverine asked.

Cyborg smirked. "The kind we want to avoid." He pulled open a service hatchway that looked like it had been welded shut a long time ago. He didn't even have to strain - just stuck his metal hands in and yanked it apart with a screech of protesting metal. The drop on the other side was dizzying - this was where the high speed elevators from the complex went up and down. It wasn't two miles straight down - there were several elevators at staggered intervals, each with their own security checkpoints. But they would be bypassing all of that thanks to Cyborg and the complete schematics he'd, ah, acquired. He'd been a little vague on the specifics.

It would have been an enormous effort to get down here if not for Terra. She was able to create a rock platform that served as an elevator for the lot of them. At the bottom of each shaft, she'd break it up into a cloud of smaller rocks that would follow behind them, then reform it when it was time for the next descent.

"Wow," Prodigy said, "This would be really annoying to go through the hard way."

Batman grunted.

At the very bottom of the last elevator shaft, Cyborg paused a moment, and then put his fist into the wall. After a few seconds of digging, he nodded to himself. "And there's the hard line," he said. His hand began to glow, and a couple of cables snaked out from it into the wall. "I'm in. All right. I'm cycling their motion sensors and security cameras through a continual loop of the same data, same footage, but that won't go unnoticed for long."

Cyborg concentrated a moment, and the door slid open with a hiss. "There we go," he said.

They entered the facility. The corridors were empty. Karen glanced around with her x-ray vision and spotted a couple of guards, but nobody was near them. At least not yet.

"The staff is at half-strength on the weekends," Cyborg said quietly. "Budget cuts. What can you do? But that doesn't mean we can afford to get careless. The first checkpoint should be up ahead."

They passed a glass window with the words 'Subject 2' written on it. Kara winced at the sight of the canine skeleton within. "Poor Krypto," she said.

The guards at the first checkpoint went down quickly to a pair of batarangs coated in a general anesthetic. It was touch and go in the corridors for a while as staff became more visible moving about.

"Wait," Layla said, just before Batman would have opened another door.

Batman waited, and Karen watched through the door with her x-ray vision as two women and a man all in labcoats walked past. When they were gone, Layla nodded, and Batman opened the door to the main level of Project Superman.

The door opened, and Karen's world dissolved into white light.

When the light faded, she stood on a field of stars before a woman robed in purple. She was lovely and severe - her eyes were the most startling feature. They were blue, but no shade of blue found in nature, and that had a hypnotic quality to them.

Karen looked around, then at the woman. "Oh, shit," she said.

The robed woman glared at her imperiously. "Rats in the walls," she muttered. "Intruders in my Flashpoint. You must have expected that you would be noticed sooner or later. Or did you think I was blind? That you could interfere in this timeline without consequence?"

The big bad. She'd been called, somehow, into the presence of the big bad herself. Great. And... she couldn't move. That was awesome, too. "You must be Pandora," Karen said.

Pandora's brows furrowed. "How could you possibly know that?" she asked.

"I read comic books," Karen said. OK, maybe that level of flippancy wasn't exactly advisable when dealing with the big bad, but damn it, she had traditions to uphold.

Pandora hesitated, uncertainty growing in her eyes. "... is this the influence of Earth Prime?" she wondered aloud. "Impossible. There is only one super-powered being on Earth Prime, and my beacon spell already drew the Black Lanterns to deal with him. Unless" She looked Karen in the eye. "Who are you, girl?"

There was an urge to comply, but it was faint thing, and Karen easily ignored it. "The terror that flaps in the night," she deadpanned.

Pandora grew visibly angry, and when she spoke again, her voice rang with power and authority. "Who are you, girl?"

A wave of pressure seemed to rage suddenly against the borders of her thoughts. She couldn't think. She couldn't concentrate. It was "... Karen Zor-L," she said before she could stop herself.

Pandora looked visibly startled. "Zor-L? Impossible."

That initial fear response was gone now, and irritation was quickly taking residence in it splace. "If you say so," Karen said.

Pandora studied her intently, and then, her voice full of magic once more, she said, "Tell me who you really are."

Karen was ready for it, this time. She set her will against the compulsion, and even so, the words "Divine," and "Xander Harris" are practically on her lips before she can stop them. She stops before she can say anything more than that first 'D,' shutting her mouth with a click of teeth. The compulsion grew, and she ground her teeth to stop herself. It grew stronger still, and she knew she'd have to say something. Something true. She thought of something Kara had mentioned earlier, after the 'sister' talk. Of how Thor had seemed to recognize her, had called her sister as well.  That was it. And suddenly she could resist speaking no more, so she lied with the truth. "...Sister to Kra Odinsdottir," she managed.

Pandora rose to her feet, a look of triumph in her eyes. "So it is the old gods," she said. "How did you survive the Ragnarok?" She shook her head. "No matter. You may have escaped the Black Racer thus far, Asgardian, but neither you nor your sister will survive my Flashpoint. Of that you can be certain."

Karen grimaced. "God, do you ever shut up?" she asked.

Pandora's eyes narrowed, and she spoke a single word in a language that Karen did not understand, and the world seemed to be swept away before a tide of pure agony. Her veins felt like they were on fire. Her skin was blistering with the heat. She was burning! She fell to her knees as the stars flew apart around her.

Then it was gone. The stars were gone. The agony was gone. Karen had fallen to her knees in the middle of the corridor just outside the door that opened to the main part of the Superman complex, and smoke rose from her clothing. The memory of pain was long in fading, and Karen was breathing hard. "Oh, crap," she said again.

"Karen!" Kara said, moving to her side. "Are you all right? What happened?"

Karen looked up. "Pandora knows we're here."

That was when everything went to hell.

A series of explosions rippled through the base, and the sound of something roaring echoed loudly over the din. Alarms blared deafeningly loud, and security doors began to slam shut.

"We need to move," Logan said.

Cyborg nodded. "It's this way," he said.

The sound of gunfire rang out from down the corridor, but it wasn't aimed at them: an horrific, bestial roar sounded again, and men and women alike screamed before they died. Then a voice called out, deep and grating and awful, "Meh-trop-lissss!"

They ran.

Metal shrieked in protest as Doomsday burst through the wall and cold-cocked Power Girl with a full strength punch that send her through the reinforced steel of the wall and into the rock beyond it.

Karen's eyes widened as the creature sniffed the air and then reared on her. It charged. She was charged by God damn DOOMSDAY, and all she could do was stare at it in sudden and very primal terror. It hit her like a runaway train, throwing her through bulkhead and bulkhead. People were screaming. Humans were running in every direction. Guards were shooting at them, but neither so much as noticed.

The creature had the initiative, and it was all Kara could do to try to defend herself as the creature struck her again, and again, and again, each blow sending her upward, sparks flying, water spraying, a trail of destruction that treated the steel and concrete and rock and sewer and everything else between itself and the surface like it was made out of cardboard. And it hurt. God but it HURT! Every single time the thing hit her, she actually FELT it. The creature hit as hard as the Sentry, and she felt like one gigantic bruise by the time they broke through to the streets of Metropolis and she was finally able to recover enough to turn it into a real fight again.

People ran screaming. Vehicles swerved around them, but Doomsday, like the force of nature that it was, cared not at all: it picked up a truck with two men inside and flung it at Karen's head. She had barely a split second to react, but react she did, catching the truck without destroying it and setting it gently down on its still spinning wheels: it peeled out and drove away at high speed.

The monster laughed. It laughed at her, and the sound was like someone had shoved a glass into a blender and set it to maximum.

"This," Karen said, "Is going to suck."



* * *



Power Girl blinked open her eyes, groaned and rubbed her head. She was in a small cave, the walls of which were far too smooth to have been created naturally. Atlee.

"Hey," Atlee said. "Are you OK?"

Power Girl winced. "Anyone get the number of that tank?"

Atlee grinned. "No, but I think your sister did. The others went on ahead to find your cousin."

Tank. Oh hell. That had been Doomsday! Kid Flash had said that he'd hit it with an Infinite Mass Punch. What was it doing here? Shouldn't it have been somewhere around Mars? Then her train of thought hit a rock, derailed, and went tumbling to its fiery destruction at the bottom of the gorge: Doomsday had gone after Karen. Karen was alone against DOOMSDAY.

Power Girl shot to her feet. "We have to find Karen," she said. "Right now."

Atlee nodded, and with a gesture the cave widened into a full blown corridor that connected to the base. What had been a pristine corridor now looked like a post-industrial nightmare, and the change had not been kind to the human beings who had been in its way. Atlee went pale, then looked to Power Girl. "You take care of Doomsday," she said. "I'll help the injured here."

Power Girl nodded. "Good luck," she said.

"You too."



* * *



Lois Lane's heart was racing when she and the others barreled their way through an entire squad of guards at the entrance to the main laboratory. They'd gotten lucky and taken the guards by surprise, but that wasn't going to last. Clark was near. She could almost sense him. All she'd need to do is close her eyes and point and it would be at him. They ran to where Clark's symbol, the crest of the House of El, was carved into the wall itself on the far side of the lab. It was a security door, but not one beyond the ability of Cyborg to hack. It rumbled open, and

Oh God. He was lying there on a bed in a bare room with no windows and only a well-worn collection of her father's books for company. He was dressed in a black jumpsuit with the S on its chest, and he looked so pale and so young that it almost broke her heart to see him. God, she knew that he was a little younger than her, and she knew that she was younger now than she had been before the Flashpoint, but seeing him like this God, he couldn't have been older than eighteen or nineteen. "Clark," she breathed.

He didn't stir.

She approached him. Shook him. "Clark?"

He didn't stir.

Lois looked to the others. "What's wrong with him?" she asked.

Layla Miller looked like she'd just swallowed a lemon. "Magic," she said. "Very powerful magic. I might be able to do something about it, but it's going to take time, and I'm going to be completely tapped out for magic afterwards, probably for the next couple of months." She held up two fingers a tiny distance apart. "I'm kind of cheating by using powers I haven't technically learned yet."

Batman took charge almost immediately. "Cyborg," he said, "We need to secure a way out. Ms. Miller, Ms. Lane, close the security door and do what you can for him. The rest of you stand guard and make sure they aren't interrupted until you receive word from either myself, Cyborg, or Ms. Lane. Understood?"

Prodigy exchanged glances with the other New X-Men, then nodded. "Understood," he said.



* * *



Karen was sure she was ready for it. She drew upon every bit of her training, both with the X-Men and with Giles before them to avoid the punch that was coming, drawing upon all of her speed, and even then she only barely evaded it, and Doomsday's wickedly serrated bone-spikes missed her eyes by bare centimeters. She pivoted, then, and kicked the creature, but it barely noticed.

Oh. Oh right. She was still subconsciously holding herself back. The way she'd learned to in order to avoid killing people. That wouldn't work, here.

Doomsday came on like an angry avalanche, its rage building to ever greater heights as it was faced with the very thing it had been created to destroy: a living Kryptonian. People were still running. A police car came screeching to a halt not far away, and then reversed direction and went screeching to a safer distance.

They traded blows, and for a few seconds, Karen held him off. Guide parries and dodges were the order of the day, with Karen trying to be clinical, trying to be calm. Let him rage. Analyze. Find the pattern. Find the weakness. Doomsday couldn't fly. She knew that much. But that wasn't going to help her unless she could find a way to capitalize on it.

The sound of a vehicle crashing distracted her at a crucial moment, and Doomsday's next blow hit her full in the face, and its bone-spike knuckles left her with a bloody cut along her forehead just above her left eyebrow. Her whole head seemed to ring with that, and she was off balance long enough for the beast to hit her in the stomach. It had the momentum, now, and she was barely fending off the majority of its blows. How the hell had Superman fought this thing for three days? At this rate, she wasn't going to last three MINUTES!

She got in a good combination of blows against the thing, but pain only seemed to drive it to greater heights of fury. It kicked her in the back and sent her flying into a parked car. Then it leaped on top of her and started smashing.

"Ow, ow, ow!" she yelped, "Uncle! Damnit, uncle!"

In near panic, Karen let loose with her heat vision and her frost breath simultaneously, and though the creature roared in agony, it didn't let up. In desperation, she heaved with all her might and managed to throw it off of her. She was bleeding. She was actually HURTING! Her bruises were going to have bruises at this rate. This thing was way worse than the Sentry. The Sentry had been a CHUMP compared to this!  Though maybe that had something to do with how he'd blasted her with Solar energy and then threw her into the sun before they'd actually had a chance to really trade blows. "Maybe," she muttered, "Maybe taking on the thing that killed Superman wasn't" she coughed, "Wasn't such a good idea."

Doomsday leaped at her, and she barely managed to roll out of the way. It whirled around, moving faster than it had any right to, and smashed her flat with a double-handed blow.

Karen fell. She fell, and she coughed up blood when she hit the ground. "Help" she whispered.

"Oh my god," said a man's voice, "Is it going to kill her? Somebody do something!"

A woman replied, "What are we supposed to against that?"

Doomsday raised its foot over her head, grinning with savage joy as it prepared to stomp her into the ground.

A red, white and blue bolt struck Doomsday head on, resolving into Power Girl as she went from supersonic to a dead stop on the impact of her outstretched foot with Doomsday's skull. The creature went flying end over end and smashed his way clear through an abandoned city bus, lengthwise, and then scraped across fifty yards of pavement before he smashed into a fire hydrant and sent water fountaining into the air.

Power Girl floated in the air, her cape billowing behind her as she glared down at the creature. "Get your hands off my sister, you son of a bitch."

The sonic boom hit a few seconds later.



* * *



By the time the security teams hit them, they'd had time to barricade the area pretty well with desks, tables, and lab equipment. It wasn't a perfect solution, but it was better than nothing, especially if you were an unpowered human like Prodigy was. They ambushed the first team: Prodigy and Rockslide had waited behind the barricade as the troops approached, and then Mercury had shifted out of a nearby grate and clobbered one, Spider-Woman blasted another, and Wolverine took down the rest, though he was taking pains not to kill them. They'd all agreed on that before hand: no killing.

The second group wasn't quite such easy prey: the first had come in fat, happy, and stupid, but the second squad was well prepared. They led the way with flashbangs, and even though Prodigy's glasses shielded him from the worst of it, it was still as disorienting as all hell. Wolverine took a few bullets before he managed to get into a side room, and now they were all pinned down by gunfire.

"We've got to hold!" Prodigy said to the others. "Batman and Cyborg will be back in two minutes. Maybe less. And hopefully they'll have Power Girl and Terra with them when they get here. We only need to hold them off for a little wh..." Prodigy stopped talking abruptly when a man nearly eight feet tall with long silver hair, and glowing blue eyes, and more muscles than any humanoid body had a right to have, came right through the wall with a squeal of tortured steel.

"Shit," one of the soldiers said. "It's Subject Zero! All squads, activate neural-laser" The silver-haired man - Subject Zero - blurred, and every one of the dozen soldiers holding position near the chamber's exit seemed to explode in a shower of gore.

Subject Zero reappeared a few yards away from where Prodigy, Spider-Woman, Mercury, Wolverine, and Rockslide had barricaded themselves near the entrance to Kal El's living quarters. Kal El was still unconscious: they needed more time.

"A new factor," Subject Zero said. "Interesting."

He moved, and Spider-Woman dove out of the way of a blow that left the distinctive crack of a fist breaking the sound barrier in its wake. "You'll have to do better than that, Muscle-Head," she said, and fired off a blast of yellow lightning from her hands.

It crackled briefly around his form, and he gave her a bored look. "How many metahumans shall I kill today?" he asked. He didn't wait for an answer. He moved forward to engage her, and she fought with everything she had.

The conflict was brief. Spider-Woman was fast, and both her reaction times and reflexes were far quicker than any human's, but she lacked a Spider Sense to give her that critical split second lead time that she needed; Subject Zero was faster. She struck him twice, evaded a hit, ducked under another, and then he put his fist through her chest and then back out the way it came.

Prodigy had barely been able to follow the exchange at all.

Subject Zero opened his hand. There was a sick, wet splat as Spider-Woman's heart dropped to the floor.

Spider-Woman looked at the organ for a split second, then met Subject Zero's gaze. Something changed in her expression as blood came pouring out of the hole in her chest. "He loves me," she said, and the sheer hope and insistence in her voice made it sound as if that one statement were the most important thing in the universe.

Subject Zero raised an eyebrow, a look of genuine interest crossing his face. "Who?" he asked.

Spider-Woman fell to the floor, dead before she could reply.

Rockslide's eyes went wide. "You you killed her!" he said, his jaw dropped open in horror. "You killed her like she was nothing" Then he clenched his fist. "There's no WAY I'm gonna let you get away with that. How about you pick on someone your own size?"

Rockslide charged, and Mercury moved to support him, her arms shifting into spiked maces.

"Santo, wait!" Prodigy said, his own thoughts racing, and though Mercury hesitated, Santo didn't halt his charge.

Rockslide hit Subject Zero with a full strength punch to the jaw that staggered the man, and followed it with a two-fisted blow to the top of his head. Rockslide reared back to let loose with another full strength blow, but Subject Zero deflected it with a backhanded strike that went right through Rockslide's granite arm, taking it off at the shoulder. Rockslide let out a frustrated growl.

Subject Zero rose to his feet. "Yes," he said calmly, "I killed her. Join her now." And then he struck Rockslide in the throat, crushing it and sending up a spray of pulverized rock dust.

"Rockslide!" Mercury cried. She shouldn't have. It drew Zero's attention, and he pivoted smoothly and ripped off her arms. Her cry turned into a scream of agony as she fell to her knees, liquid mercury splattering across the floor.

"Bastard," Rockslide hissed, seemingly unaffected by a crushed throat.

"I... I can't hold it" Mercury managed, and then lost her shape entirely, dissolving into a pool of liquid metal. Unmarked by anyone else, the pools of liquid that had been her arms began to flow slowly back towards the main mass.

Rockslide brought up his other arm to block an incoming blow, but it went through that rocky arm as if it were made of tissue paper.

Then Zero ripped Rockslide's head clean off his shoulders, considered it briefly, took in the way it was still glaring at him for all that it had been severed from its body, and crushed it into pebbles and dust. He looked placidly at Prodigy. "One left," he said. Wolverine came charging out of the side room, then, swift and deadly, his every movement precisely measured. Subject Zero caught him by the wrist and flung him into the wall on the far side of the room at a velocity that was a thousand times what a human could accomplish with such a throw. He left a crater a meter deep in reinforced concrete. "One left," Zero repeated.

Prodigy swallowed, but his mouth was dry, and it didn't help. Damn it! Help was less than a minute away! It couldn't end like this, but if he didn't delay this guy long enough for one of the Kryptonians to get here, they'd never get Kal El out. He was shaking, he realized. Trembling. He was afraid, and it showed.

Subject Zero considered Prodigy, then. "You've already seen that you can't stop me. Nothing can. Give up. You will suffer less."

It almost sounded reasonable. What could he do against this kind of power, besides die badly? If he was to die here if he was to die here if he was to die here, why had he been allowed to come this far? It was absurd. The whole thing was absurd. And yet, in the face of his fear, he summoned up his will, and shook his head. "I can't do that," he said. "I'm not just going to lie down and die."

"You have no power," Subject Zero replied reasonably. "All your friends are defeated. Attachment will only lead you to suffering. Let go, and embrace tranquility before the end."

Another wave of fear, and Prodigy stood his ground, forcing the fear down beneath his will. Every second he bought was another second closer to Kara or Karen's arrival. "Maybe I can't beat you, but I'm sure as hell not going to let you just walk away after what you've done." It was almost laughable to say it, yet he meant every word. "You're a monster."

"I am," Subject Zero said. He paused a moment. "Do you have anything to say?" he asked. "Any last words?"

Prodigy went pale at that, but his fear did not gain mastery of him. He didn't notice the green light approaching him from down the broken hallway that led to the lab. "Yeah," he said. He took a deep breath, and he opened his mouth to speak his last words.

In that moment, when all hope seemed lost and only death remained, a green light blazed around him. A ring appeared on his finger, and a voice called out, "David Alleyne. You have the ability to overcome great fear. Welcome to the Green Lantern Corps."

Subject Zero blinked.

Power. Power flooded through him like he'd never felt before. The pure strength of Will, of the heart of the Emotional Spectrum. A uniform seemed to shape itself around his body, green and black with white gloves and an empty white circle on his chest. His thoughts raced as the basic information on how to use his ring was downloaded into his thoughts, and he looked at the ring in wonder. "... Anything I can imagine?" he asked.

"Peculiar last words," Subject Zero said. He tilted his head to the side in a strangely bird-like movement. "Die." There was no warning: he simply flashed forward, delivering a punch with the force of a freight train and the speed of a viper.

Prodigy snapped a shield into place at the last possible second, angled to deflect rather than to simply resist, and that proved the difference: the punch slid off and across the shield, unable to deliver its full force. Subject Zero looked at him in surprise.

"I've got something to say, actually," Prodigy said, and opened his hand, the gesture creating a huge energy-construct in the shape of The Thing's fist.

"And what is that?" Subject Zero asked.

With a thought, the green construct Thing-fist smashed Subject Zero through a reinforced steel wall.

Prodigy cracked his knuckles with satisfaction. "It's clobbering time."



* * *



With the pressure taken off of her by Power Girl's arrival, Karen managed to stagger to her feet. She could feel the yellow sun fueling her, but she wasn't healing the way she had on Earth 616, and she had no idea why. Windows were shattering every time Power Girl hit the creature, and thus far, she'd managed to avoid being hit in turn. Of course, Power Girl had only been sucker-punched through a wall, and not rampaged on through two miles of underground fortress.

"Any time you're ready," Power Girl called.

"Just," Karen began, "Catching my breath"

And then she rejoined the fight. It was wobbly at first, but they caught their rhythm soon enough, and then the sisters Zor-L were working together as a flawless unit: when Doomsday reared on one, the other would hit him from behind. When he became wise to that tactic and tried to anticipate the blow from behind, the first would hit him instead. Karen took another punch to the head, and her vision seemed to grey out and all sound became a distant ringing for a few terrifying seconds before things went back to normal.

"We need to get this guy out of Metropolis!" Power Girl shouted. There were news copters circling them now at a safe distance.

"Got any ideas?" Karen asked even as she ducked under a savage haymaker from the creature

"A bad one," Power Girl replied.

"I love bad ideas! Let's hear it!"

"How are you at juggling?"

Karen saw where she was going almost immediately. "That's a REALLY bad idea!"

"I know!"

And then Karen flew into the Earth, tunneled for a dozen feet, and came up underneath Doomsday with a full strength blow. He went flying into the air, and then started coming back down. Power Girl caught him by the leg before he'd fallen more than a dozen feet and flung him up another couple of hundred.

Karen punted him from there, up and forward a few hundred more. "It's working!" she yelled excitedly as she flew to the next intercept point.

Doomsday was ready, this time, and pivoted in mid-air to slam his fist into her face.

She fell all the way to the ground, and Doomsday nearly did as well before Power Girl swooped in and threw him upward again. "Karen!" she yelled.

Karen was in the air in a blink, and shot upwards, accelerated rapidly. "This isn't going to work!" she said. "One of us is gonna have to do something unpleasant."

"What's that?"

Karen hit Doomsday at full speed, caught him by the arms, and kept going upward. The creature roared in fury, and kicked her in the ribs once, twice, three times, four times. Again, and again. At twenty thousand feet, it broke three ribs on the left side. At thirty thousand, it broke four more on the right. Another kick, and she fell back, barely able to breath, her whole torso a nightmare of searing pain.

Doomsday began to fall once more, and Power Girl slammed into him, next, taking Karen's place as she rocketed him the rest of the way into orbit. There, together, they dealt the dual-blow that sent him flying out towards deep space.

And then Karen passed out.



* * *



Subject Zero tore his way through a dozen green energy X-Men even as Prodigy unloaded on him with a will-wrought minigun, and though he staggered, he pressed on. They had been fighting for a good thirty seconds, now. Maybe another minute more and help would arrive. Just another minute was all Prodigy needed. Subject Zero moved, but the ring's predictive algorithms saw it coming, and Prodigy met the oncoming monster with another green energy fist that smashed him to the ground.

"Interesting," Subject Zero said as he flipped back to his feet. "I can break your constructs, but you're the first being I've ever needed to exert myself to fight. It is an odd experience."

Prodigy spotted Wolverine out of the corner of his eyes. He was moving carefully, sneaking up behind Subject Zero, his claws already extended. Another second, and he'd

"Did you honestly believe you could approach me unheard?" Subject Zero asked, and turned slightly as he casually delivered a backhand to Wolverine. Subject Zero was a marvel of genetic engineering: a human who already possessed the metagene infused with the genetic potential of the being known as Doomsday. His evolutionary regenerative healing factor and adaptive resistances had already altered his body significantly, and his body now mimicked the skin-tight energy field that granted Kryptonians their measure of invulnerability.

Such fields had never been a problem for adamantium. While Wolverine's fists couldn't pass through the field to harm the man beneath, his claws had no such limitations: the claw he'd been aiming at Subject Zero's spine hit his arm at an angle, and bit deeply into it, severing tendons and blood vessels, rending muscle, cutting halfway into the bone itself before Subject Zero was able to reverse his momentum.

He let out a cry, and then stared at his now useless bloody limb in utter surprise. "... Pain," he murmured. "Is this pain? I haven't felt it in" His expression shifted. Subject Zero had not displayed anything other than a tranquil sort of calm, but now, now he was angry. Now he was furious. "I'm going to enjoy killing you," he said.

Prodigy himself was only human. He couldn't hope to react quickly enough to take effective action against a being of Subject Zero's caliber. The ring - Abin Sur's ring, now bestowed upon David Alleyne - had no such limitation. Its predictive algorithms showed Prodigy Subject Zero's most likely next move a full second before it occurred. There was no time to speak. No time for a quip. He acted, and with an effort of will, sent a blast of concentrated green energy into Subject Zero's back. It struck him at precisely the right moment to throw him off balance, to delay him that crucial quarter of a second that Wolverine needed to react to a punch delivered with every bit of strength that Subject Zero could put behind it.

Instead of meeting Wolverine's skull with an impact that would have pulverized his brain with the shockwaves alone even through an adamantium skull, Subject Zero's fist met his claws, blade-on. The result was beyond description. There was blood, so much blood, and bits of meat and fragments of bone and at some point, Prodigy stopped seeing the individual bits and just saw a mangled, bloody mess. His gorge rose in the back of this throat.

Wolverine took it in stride. He yanked his claw free, drew both claws back, and then buried them to the knuckle in Subject Zero's chest. Subject Zero stared into Wolverine's eyes, surprise and pain written large in his expression. Then, with a roar of effort, Wolverine yanked his claws savagely apart.

Subject Zero died. It wasn't gentle. It wasn't dignified. His life ended.

Prodigy staggered backwards, trying not to vomit. He failed.

Wolverine wiped off his hands on the labcoat of a dead scientist, pulled out a stogie, lit it, stuck it in his mouth, and let out a long puff of smoke. "Everyone all right?" he asked.

Prodigy scrubbed at his mouth with his hand. "I'm OK, but Santo lost his body again." He looked to the pool of liquid mercury which had just finished drawing all the other puddles to itself, "Cessily's hurt, and he killed" He didn't want to look at Spider-Woman's corpse, but he did. For a second, he wasn't sure what he was looking at. The details were wrong. The body-shape no longer fit the costume. It was still a woman's body, but the skin wasn't the right color, and the chin the chin was A chill passed down Prodigy's spine. That woman was a Skrull. That woman was a SKRULL.

Wolverine's eyes narrowed as he took in the sight of the dead Skrull in Spider-Woman's costume.

The implications sunk in, and Prodigy swallowed heavily. "Sir, I think we've got a problem," he said, and his voice sounded faint, distant, even to himself.

"You ain't kiddin'."

It took time for Rockslide and Mercury to reconstitute themselves, but reconstitute themselves they did, and soon enough, a visibly exhausted Mercury sat up and rubbed at her head. "Damn it," she muttered.

"You OK, Cessily?" Prodigy asked.

Mercury let out a breath. "I guess." She hesitated. "No. Not really. I'm tired of being useless. Can we please face some enemies who AREN'T at Karen's power level? Just for novelty's sake?" She shook her head. "... Right. So we're alive. Did we win? What happened to the bad guy?"

Rockslide pointedly didn't look at Subject Zero's remains. "He, uh, had to split."

Prodigy winced. "Santo," he said, his tone disapproving.

"What?" Rockslide asked. "Too soon?"



* * *



In the end, they had to carry Kal El out of Project Superman. They had gone in convinced that victory would be swift and easy. They had come out knowing better. Spider-Woman was dead. And a Skrull. Karen was unconscious. Power Girl was injured. Santo looked like he was going to sleep for a week, Prodigy was exhausted, Lois was hovering over the unconscious Kal El like a mother bird, and Cessily felt like she'd been hit by a truck. The only ones who were still in good condition were Terra, Batman, and Cyborg.

Cessily managed not to resent them for that.

It was a subdued and damaged group that returned to Cyborg's Metropolis hideout. They had won, but not easily, and Cessily found herself glaring angrily at anyone who came into her view. Captain America was there waiting for them - he'd been brought across the Atlantic by the Flash so they could make their final plans for the big operation in England. "Is everyone all right?" he asked.

When no one replied, his concern only grew.

Cessily kicked a table angrily. No one said anything. "I'm tired of being useless," she said bitterly. "Everything outclasses us here. EVERYTHING. Why did we even come? What good are we?"

"... The world needs better heroes," Power Girl said, her voice gentle.

"What?" Cessily asked.

"Something an old friend said to me, once. It's not about the strength of your powers, Cessily. It's about the strength of your heart." She held up a hand. "I know, I know, easy for me to say, right? "

Cessily nodded. It was. She was a Kryptonian. She was more than match for almost anything they faced, even here. Not about the strength of your powers her ass.

"But that's the thing," Power Girl said. "When all you're concerned with is power, you stop being a hero. If all that matters is power, then there ARE no heroes. We're not here to beat people up. You can't heal the world with violence. That's not the point. It's never been the point. It's not about power."

Cessily let out a breath. She was distantly aware that the others were all listening, now. "... What's it about?" she asked.

"What do you think?"

Cessily thought about it. "Doing the right thing?"

"What's the right thing?" Power Girl asked. "And why dress up in a costume to do it?"

Cessily shook her head. "I I'm not sure. I guess I never thought about it." She hesitated a moment. "But what good is it going to do to be a better hero if the bad guys are so much stronger than you that they can just, just kill you like you're nothing? What good is standing for ideals and trying to be an example of how the world can be better when the people standing against you are gods, or don't care, or are just going to shoot you dead?"

Power Girl started to reply, then stopped short, whatever she'd been about to say dying on her lips. "... I'm not sure I'm the right person to answer that," she admitted.

Cessily looked down, trying to hide her disappointment. Of course she wasn't. "Yeah," she said. "I figured."

Power Girl gestured to Captain America, who was leaning against the far wall. "But I'm pretty sure he is."

Cessily looked up and blinked.

"Do you mind, Captain?"

Captain America smiled faintly. "Not at all." He looked to Mercury. "I'm guessing it won't help much to tell you about my faith."

Cessily shook her head. "I was never religious."

Captain America nodded. "Right, as the world goes," he said, and he spoke as if he were quoting something, "Is only in question between equals in power, while the strong do what they can and the weak suffer what they must." He paused. "That's what you're about, isn't it?"

Cessily nodded. It sounded about right.

The intensity of Captain America's gaze made her swallow nervously. "The world doesn't have to be that way," he said. "It can be better. We can be better."

"But"

"There comes a time when you have to decide who you are. Who you're willing to be. What your choices have made you, and will make you. A long time ago, I chose to live my life to make the world better than it is. Because I believe, among other things, that all people are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty, and the pursuit of Happiness. And when those rights are denied, when terrible things happen to good people, when the innocent suffer, when the powerful spread death and misery because they can, when the whole universe seems to stand against you, when you stand alone before mad gods with every other hero fallen around you, even then, especially then, you plant yourself like a tree beside the river of truth, you stand up and you say, 'No more.' You fight for that better world. You show people something worth striving for. And sometimes, you lose. I've lost. I've lost fights, lost people, lost friends. Lost everything. Paid terrible prices. And I've kept going all the same. Kept fighting. Kept standing up for what's right."

Silence hung in the room for several seconds, and then, in a small voice, Cessily asked, "Is it worth it?"

Captain America looked her in the eye, and when he spoke, he spoke with a voice of absolute conviction: "Always."

END CHAPTER 10





*Chapter 24*: Interlude: Problems


			Destination Unknown

by P.H. Wise

A BtVS Crossover Fanfic

Interlude: Problems

Disclaimer: The DC Universe and its associated characters is the property of DC comics. The Marvel Universe and its associated characters is the property of Marvel Entertainment LLC. Buffy the Vampire Slayer is owned by Fran and Kaz Kuzui.



* * *



The morgue was cold and quiet, and the autopsy room colder still. It was a sterile, empty place. Soft fluorescent lighting all but washed out every shadow over a grey tiled floor. The body lay covered by a sheet upon a steel autopsy table in the center of the room. Only the distant hum of refrigeration broke the empty silence of the place. High, opaque windows allowed little in the way of light into this basement room.

A faint murmur of voices broke the empty silence. The voices grew louder. Presently the door swung open, and Wolverine, clad all in yellow and blue, an unlit cigar in his teeth, came walking through it, followed closely by Captain America, Iron Man, Spider Man, Prodigy, and Ms. Marvel. They seemed subdued as they entered the chamber; the warmth of the living was not a thing well suffered by a place for the dead.

Captain America's eyes took in the sight of the body covered by the sheet upon the table, and his expression became grim. "All right, Logan," he said. "You said you had something to show us."

Wolverine nodded. "We got problems. All of ya need to hear what happened at Project Superman."

Ms. Marvel spotted the body, and the others a moment later. Her gaze did not linger. "So it's true," she said, her tone flat, and clipped: deliberately professional. "Jess is dead." The others looked to her, and she offered further explanation, "The kids were talking. Word gets around."

Wolverine directed a questioning look Prodigy's way, and the boy was quick to shake his head. "It wasn't me, sir," he said.

Wolverine let out an annoyed snort. "Kids." He looked back to the group. "We got bigger problems than a dead Avenger."

Ms. Marvel's expression darkened. "The fact that we just lost a friend and a teammate seems like a pretty big problem to me." The words hung in the air heavily, silence lingering until she went on, "Except we're not down one teammate, are we? We're down two."

Iron Man's tone was carefully neutral. "The Sentry was an unstable element," he said. "As useful as he was to have on the team, it was only a matter of time before he had a meltdown. We're just lucky the X-Men were able to deal with him when it happened."

"Tony," Captain America said, disapproval clear in his voice. When Iron Man did not reply, he continued, "The Sentry was a valuable member of this team. He may have had problems, but he is and will continue to be missed."

Silence, punctuated only by the hum of refrigerators.

Wolverine got impatient. He turned to Prodigy. "Show 'em," he snapped.

Prodigy held out his hand in a fist, displaying the ring upon his finger for all to see.

"... is that what I think it is?" Iron Man asked, surprise audible even through the electronic processing of his voice.

"That depends, "Wolverine said. "Ya think it's a Lantern power ring?"

Captain America recognized it, then. "Kyle Raynor," he murmured.

"Rayner," Iron Man corrected.

Ms. Marvel let out a breath, her expression the look of one suddenly reminded of someone she hadn't thought of in years. "I remember."

Spider-Man frowned, though the others couldn't see it through his mask. "Uh. Color me clueless?"

"Rayner," Captain America said, accepting the correction. "Right. The Green Lantern." He turned to Spider-Man. "It was before you were with us. He was a member of the superhero team from an alternate Earth that we worked with during the Krona Incident. They were called the Justice League, and we now know they were from this world. Iron Man can give you access to the relevant files."

"Think of them as an alternate universe version of the Nova Corps," Ms. Marvel said.

"Yeah," Spider-Man said, "That doesn't help."

Prodigy interrupted the older heroes. "The important thing is that the ring was monitoring the situation at Project Superman, and it's the only reason any of us made it out alive. Project Zero was" He trailed off, disturbed by the memories of the battle.

"He was like the Sentry," Wolverine said. "Maybe he was this world's version of him." That garnered troubled looks all around.

"He killed Spider-Woman," Prodigy said. "I can show the recording if you want to see it. But when she died, she stopped being Spider-Woman."

Ms. Marvel raised an eyebrow. "Stopped being Spider-Woman?" she echoed.

Wolverine pulled the sheet off the body on the table, revealing the dead female Skrull still wearing Spider-Woman's costume.

Captain America saw the implication immediately. He and Iron Man exchanged troubled looks.

Ms. Marvel's expression darkened even further. "Oh, hell," she muttered.

Spider Man looked surprised even through his costume. "Wait, She-Me's a Skrull?" he asked.

"That ain't all," Wolverine said. He looked to Prodigy. "Show them the other recording."

With an act of will, Prodigy did so.

Wolverine chomped down on his cigar. "Like I said. We got problems."

END



* * *



Authors' note:

So yeah. I'm working on the next chapter, and while I know that this scene belongs in it, I couldn't find a spot where it fit well or naturally. Hence, interlude.





